---
title: "Media Buying 2022-07-21 15:58:57"
date: 2022-07-21
duration: 52m
duration_seconds: 3136
vimeo_id: 732179195
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-07-21 15:58:57

**Date:** 2022-07-21 | **Duration:** 52m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Grace, you all ready to rock and roll? Yeah, almost.

I spent the whole morning setting up my conversions again because I got a different domain. So I had to redo everything with like the Google Analytics and conversion linker and then I set up my conversions and I started doing the keywords campaign. But now I should probably just add all the ads, right? And then duplicate the campaign, right? Yeah, if you do the ads first, then when you duplicate the campaign and change the variables, at least you have all the ads in place.

But I mean, it's much the same. It's not going to make a whole lot of difference in the long run. But I mean, it might just give you extra work if you do it the other way around. Gotcha. So what should we look at first?

Should we look at the conversions? I mean, like I think we're set up properly because I did, you know, I did with Google Tag Manager and I did you test them? Yeah. Well, yeah, I tested them with the preview so far. With the preview and Tag Manager and the tags are firing and everything else?

The tags are firing, yeah. Okay, well, maybe we can just double check them that they are. And then what we'll do, we can go through the keywords campaign. There's something specifically with the keywords campaign I want to run through with you. So this is something that we're finding that's working extremely well at the minute in terms of maximizing the effectiveness of the keywords
while also minimizing the amount of unnecessary keywords that you'll end up ranking for or searching for.

Awesome. Thanks. So you want me to share my screen? Yeah. Sorry, there's a fly buzzing around my head here.

It's okay. All right. So you have your video ads recorded? Yeah. Okay.

Well, obviously I've seen the script, but I haven't seen the ads. So maybe let's look at the ads first. Sure. There you go. So this is the main one with like a, so I did actually.

One thing we'll just do before we go into the actual ads. So about, I don't know, maybe around six months ago, maybe a little bit less. Yeah, maybe less actually. Actually, YouTube made a change with how new campaigns are created. So when you create a new campaign in YouTube, it will put it on both the skippable in-stream, which is what we're going to be doing,
but it will also put it on in-feed as well.

So in-feed is showing in the search results. So in order to really maximize the effectiveness of the ad as well, something else that we, it's not a requirement, but we certainly recommend it because it'll just improve things even more,
is having a really good title and a really good description of your, even for your ads, because people will see them. It's not, it's not like before where they won't see the title and they won't see the description. So it doesn't matter. And also a pretty kind of catchy thumbnail as well.

Okay. So wait, but do you remember you gave me like an exclusion list thing? Does that still work or not? No, the exclusion is for third-party applications and, you know, mobile applications and some third-party sites, but it will still show in the YouTube feed. So if someone goes to YouTube and maybe they've searched for guitar stuff in the past, so like previously,
they, and if they have a history of searching for music related stuff, your ad can still show up there.

So it is, it is important to, at the very least, have a strong title and a description. The thumbnail, we could get away with something like this for now, but then maybe down the fertile, down the line,
we could do a bit of work in creating a nice custom thumbnail as well, if we see a particular ad doing well. Okay. I mean, yeah, I probably can just create a thumbnail for, for this, you know, before I even launch it. Like the, the title we could use, I mean, the title can be related to the most relevant keywords.

So the most, when I say most relevant, I mean, in terms of search volume, but also in terms of as closely related to your, to your offer as possible. So I know you're going after the, get better at guitar market, more so than learn guitar market. So the, like a, a, a keyword or a title I'd probably use is something like is, is this the best way to get better at guitar in 2022? It's a pretty good title. And then just use variations of that for your other, for your other videos.

Okay. So this title right here, you mean? Yeah, exactly. Oh, I see. Because that's like, otherwise in a search results, when, if someone's scrolling through their YouTube feed, it'll just say hook one.

And they'd be like, what the hell is hook one? Yeah, gotcha. Okay. So I need to change the title. And you can add like a one line or two line description as well, and just use a, a prominent keyword in that description as well.

So say, for example, if your title was, is this the best way to, um, get better at guitar in 2022? The description might say, watch this short video where I introduce what could possibly be the best way to get better at guitar in 2022. Gotcha. So, I mean, I should, I should do that now. And so I wrote, okay, so it'd be like, uh, is this the best way to, uh, well, cause my promises.

You could just have the, you could have the title, just, um, get rid of the, is this day and just have best way to get better at guitar in 2022. And then question mark. That's a pretty good title. I mean, if I was in the market to learn a better way of getting better at guitar, I would certainly think about clicking on that title. Did I capitalize everything in a standard?

Yeah, you can do for the title. You won't need to do that for the description, but you can do for the title. And so I could just copy him, like take this title and do that on, in all my videos. Don't use, don't use the same title for all the videos. Cause that'll just look a bit, I'll just modify it slightly, you know, um, you know, easiest way to get better at guitar in 2022, um, square, it could be like square brackets.

Watch this, uh, get better at guitar 2022. Gotcha. So, cause my primary promise is sound like a pro guitar player in 90 days. Yeah. Well then maybe use that as your, you can use that as your description and you could obviously use that as your, if that's your primary promise as well.

Yeah. You can certainly use that as well. Gotcha. So, um, this might be, uh, should I say might be now? Yeah.

It might be as good because it softens the copy. It's not, you're not coming out and saying 100% guaranteed. This is the best way because the reality is whether it is or not, when you say that your prospect is just going to say, yeah, right. How do you know? Right.

Yeah. This might be the, the one. Just watch this video and discover what could be the best way to, to get better at, to, to sound like a pro guitar player in as little as 90 days. So, what could be the best way to sound like a pro guitar player in 90 days or less? 90 days.

Take out the just and say in 90 days or less. So then like, obviously for the high achievers, they might be able to do it in 45 days. Right. Yeah. Or less.

And take out the exclamation mark as well. It kind of comes across a bit screamy. Like this? Yeah. Just full stop.

It's like, like imagine you were sharing the video with a friend and you, you shared it on WhatsApp. For example, you would hit the share and then you would write something like to your friend and you might say, watch this video and see if this is the best way to sound like a pro guitar player in 90 days or less. You don't like take off the copy hat, take off the marketing hat. Cause like, we don't have to put in the, you know, who else wants to do this? And you're discovered the ultimate way to learn guitar in 10 minutes or less in your underwear, sitting at home, eating waffles.

It's like, you don't need to put on the marketing hat or do any crazy like that. Just speak as if you were speaking to a friend. Gotcha. I use exclamation points all the time though. I'm like, yes.

Like when I, like if, if somebody was actually reading what I, what I write, it'd always be like excited. But anyway, okay. So like this and then. Yeah. We can keep the thumbnail cause there's a lot going on in the thumbnail and like, there's a lot to kind of draw you in immediately.

You'd be like, what's that in the background there? Is that, is that lights? Is that a moon? What is it? And what kind of, what's on a shelf there?

So there is a lot to kind of capture your attention and you're in an action pose. So it's like, obviously there's no text on there, which we could test in the future, but for now it's, it's fine. Okay, cool. So we got this right here. And so do you want to watch it?

Yeah. Hit play there. I can't hear any sound though. Oh. Wait, where's the.

So I think in your zoom settings, you have to go to audio. Hit advanced here. Advanced. At the bottom of settings there. Oh.

Go back, scroll up. And under your mic, under your, yeah, under your microphone, just hit the drop down there. The drop down? Oh. Just hit same as system there for a sec.

You might have to switch it back after. Now hit play. Oops. Come back. I can't see it.

You can't see it? Send me the link into the, in the chat. I can hear it now. Go back to the start. Okay.

Imagine if you could play guitar like this. It'd be pretty cool, right? In this video, I'm going to show you how you can do that too. You see, the world's greatest musicians know more about psychology than they know about. I love it.

I've only seen 10 seconds and I love it. I'll use this one psychological trick to captivate and move millions of people around the world. And that's the same trick I've been using for my past seven years as a professional musician. And the same trick I've talked to dozens of my students. And now I want to show you how you can do it too.

So click the button below to watch a video showing you exactly what the psychological trick is. And how it helps you sound like a professional guitar player in just 90 days. And the cool thing about this trick is you don't need to have natural talent, know music theory, or practice scales for hours on end. It's completely different from anything else that you find on YouTube. And once you know it, you'll be able to play your favorite song smoothly and sound like a pro.

You won't be afraid to pick up your guitar and play it for people because you'll know they'll love your playing. And you'll finally be able to express yourself freely without having to think about every single strum because playing guitar will be second nature to you. So go ahead and click the button below to watch the video where I show you exactly what the psychological trick is and how it can help you sound like a pro in just 90 days. That's a thing of beauty. Awesome.

Thanks. That's really good, Christian. That's a really strong video. Awesome. Hopefully it works.

So, I mean, the other ones just have different hooks. I'd like to remember the hook too where it was like really bad. I'd like to see that one. Gotcha. But just save that there first so you have it saved.

Yeah, I saved it earlier, I think. Yeah. So, then I did hook one beat just in case like YouTube wasn't going to take the Sweet Home Alabama riff. Okay. Basically the same thing but with like a different guitar playing.

It's probably not as powerful but... Let's go and play it there. Imagine if you could play a guitar like this. It'd be pretty cool, right? In this video, I'm going to show you how you can do that.

I like that too, actually. You like this one too? Yeah. You can go back and edit the titles and descriptions after this. We don't need to go through each one of those, but just to be aware.

Oops. Does your guitar playing sound like this? What if it could sound like this? This is really good. I like it.

Those hooks are really good. Awesome. I'm not going to take all the credit for them though. Don't worry. No, I mean, you guys are, you know, definitely you guys did most of the heavy lifting.

So, right here, hook two. Does your guitar playing sound like this? Oh, no. Wrong one. Sorry.

Then hook three. Did you know, according to Fender, 90% of guitar players quit within the first year. Why? Well, it's because once you get past the beginner stage, it feels like you're playing the same
old songs with the same old chords over and over. But what if you could play like this?

I like that as well. So, I don't think it's as strong and as kind of like attention grabbing as the other two. They're definitely, but I do like this one as well. So, I mean, you know, at the end, like Google is going to tell us which one is best, right? Absolutely.

Yeah. And like the good thing is, even if there is one standout winner, like that doesn't necessarily
mean that we'll never use the other ones. We can always use the other hooks as like supplementary ads as well, just to keep that traffic coming. And obviously it's all going well that the MBF produces the results, but like the, we can
always use the other campaigns. There will be one or two ads that do stand out, but like the, the other ones will have
their place as well, because what may, what one person may resonate with isn't necessarily
what the, another person is going to resonate with.

So having multiple is always, is always going to give us the best chance of success. Gotcha. And this one. Meet Isabel. Oh yeah, Isabel.

Meet Isabella. When she first started playing guitar, she didn't know anything. Now, most people would agree she sounds pretty good. There's a fire starting in my heart. Reaching a fever pitch as bringing me out the dark.

Finally, I can see a crystal clear. Go ahead and sell me out and I'll be there. In this video, I'm going to show you how you can do that too. You see, the world. So I don't know.

She's not super, super professional, but she sounds, she sounds okay. I think. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's social proof. It's like, that's, it doesn't have to be, you know, it doesn't have to be Anton, Anton
Wilde.

It doesn't have to be like, she's on a performing in front of 8 million people or Anton, as long
as she's able to play and you can, you can hear that she's pretty good. That's enough. Cool. And then, hook five. A few years ago, I was struggling to bring my guitar playing to the next level.

I wanted to sound more professional, but I just kept on failing. No matter how many YouTube videos I watch, how many guitar lessons I went to, my playing
just wasn't getting there. Then one night, I met a professional musician and he introduced me to a little known psychological
trick that changed everything for me. So if you want to know what this trick is, click the button below to watch a video where
I show you exactly what this psychological trick is and how it can help you sound like
a pro in 90 days. You see, the world's greatest musicians.

This one's my least favorite. Yeah. I'm not a big fan of this one. I think we could improve this one if we needed to, but I wouldn't worry about it now. What we could do to improve it is after you tell your story and say, he introduced me
to a weird psychological trick and it helped me to go from playing like this to playing
like this.

Gotcha. Yeah. That would give it a little bit more oomph. And as long as we got that start to the end of the social, into you playing amazing,
as long as we got that in before roughly around the 30 second mark, which we probably would
given it's at 33 seconds here, it'd be, it'd be quite strong. But I mean, I have a funny feeling that hook one or hook two or hook one B will be the standout
performers.

I mean, I may be completely wrong and I don't really care if I am wrong as long as the campaign
does well, but they would be my, that'd be my gut. Yeah. I think so too. And, you know, it does, it does look like it. Definitely my favorites too.

So. Cool. Yeah. I mean, okay. So now we have the creatives.

That's cool. So creatives, so what do you say? So we have the creatives. So let's actually look at the campaign setup now. Okay.

So right here. So I started with the, the keywords one and I've in, you know, you can let me know about
all the. Do I still have, do I still have read access to your account? I do. You should.

Let me see here. And it'd be easier for me to share my screen and just look at it and control everything. Hold on. Let me just log in and see. Did you give it to, yeah.

My John at marketing funnel automation. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I'll see if it's just the last one here. I didn't change it. So you should still have it. The, a couple of the ad accounts I have access to have, they're just called Google ads accounts. So they don't have a name.

Yeah. So let me see. Campaigns home. Yeah. It's called Google ads accounts.

The nine, two, seven, three, four, nine. Six, zero, four, four. Six, zero, four, four. Yeah. This is it here.

Okay. Okay. We're going to do this month. Okay. So I'm going to share my screen and we can go through to my site.

It'll be a little bit quicker. Okay. Okay. Can you see my screen? Okay.

Yep. Okay. So, um, all of the, are all of these, um, for the, these are old ones. So where are the new ones? The, the one down the wall, just the one down there.

And then this one down here. Yeah. Okay. So this is a keyword campaign and it's going to minimize our, our video there. So, so click in here to our ad group and you just have a hook one in there right now.

Yeah. That's fine. You can, you can add in the other ones yourself. So when I have a look at the actual, um, setup of it, actually, what we'll do is I'll
go back to the actual campaign level and we'll look at the overall settings first, and then
we can drill down to the ad group settings, and then we can drill down to the actual, the,
um, the keywords and the, and then the ad themselves. Okay.

So we'll take a look at the, cause typically how we do, that's how we would look at a campaign. We have the campaign settings for the campaign. We have the settings for the ad group. We have any of our, um, any individual settings and say in our keywords or, or demographics and
things like that. And then we have the ad, which is made up of the video and, or ad copy.

So like the, the call to action on the ad and the, any kind of description we're using
as well. Okay. So if I'm just going to go in here to edit settings, I'm not going to, I'm not going
to change anything unless there's something that needs to be changed. So we have drive conversions. I'm going to minimize our heads because it's getting in my way.

So, um, so yeah, so see the, that's you, did you add the exclusion? Not yet. So, um, cause I always added the exclusion because I still have the big exclusion list
of like 2000 or so things, you know, you see, like at the very beginning, you gave me
that and that seemed to just put me, cause it was not just apps. It was also websites. Yeah.

There's websites on there as well. And there's some of the typical third party sites. That's fine. So it's going to hear, look at maximize conversions, standard of entry. Well, so standard of entry is kind of the normal, but what we've been testing out lately and
it's, um, it's, it really is not, it's not going to affect things one way or the other
because we're using a key in this instance, we're using a keyword campaign because we're
only going to be targeting people who are actually searching those keywords.

So we can do an expanded of entry because we don't care what video or ad shows up on because
they're searching those keywords. Gotcha. So we could do the expanded of entry, which I probably would. That's just for keywords though, right? Or anything?

Well, if, if we are, if we're doing kind of any audience targeting, so it's overlaid, it's
fine because we know we're targeting the right audience. So we don't care what video is showed up on. Now, if we were going super broad and our offer was say, I don't know, there's, you
know, there's some crazy categories on YouTube that you certainly don't want your videos
being on, especially if you were in a certain niche and say like you were, I don't know,
let's say you were selling stuff to borderline like kids. Now, obviously you can't sell to a certain age, but they happened to just so happened to
land on a video that was completely inappropriate for them. Um, and your ad showed on that video and then they went on to purchase.

You could end up in hot water if something ever happened from a legal point of view, but
like that, it's not really relevant for you because you're, you're just, you're obviously
selling to people of a certain age and everything else, but because we're using keywords, we can
just use the expanded of entry. Gotcha. So I'll just update that for you there. Okay. And now what we're going to do is look at our, Oh, that wasn't saved.

Oh, I don't have, um, I don't have access to save. I don't have, I'm only read access. So can I give you, uh, well, you should be able to, I'll stop sharing for a sec. And if you share screen and go to tools and settings and go to, just make your Chrome browser
maximize there so we can see the full screen and go to, um, access and security over under
setup. And it should go to standard or admin admin.

It'll give me full access to make changes. So you want admin. Yeah. You can, you can revoke it again after it. There's no, there's no problem there.

Okay. That's good. Now you can, you can stop sharing and I'll refresh on my side. So it should be okay. Okay.

It's just loading here. I'll share screen. Um, I'm excited for this campaign, Christian. Yeah. I'm excited too.

Hopefully it's, um, like for like, I was your previous campaign, I like the ads and everything
else that was very, very strong. And I think if we have better marketing now with these ads and with the same setup, we
could have a good, a good match made in heaven, which can really, you know, rock the house pun
intended. Dude. Yeah. That, that'd be awesome.

I mean, well, let me just make sure that we, um, we changed this to the expanded. I'm not getting my hopes too, too high. Cause I'm like, you know, and the past I have, and I'm like, Oh, but I I'm excited for
this one too, though. Still not let me save for some reason. Well, you can, you can go back afterwards and make the changes.

Okay. For anyone's just making note of whichever changes I recommend. It's not, let me do it. Um, so yeah. Exclude embedded YouTube videos, exclude live streaming videos, something else that's,
um, came on my radar that, that isn't in the training in the portal is, um, this content
not yet labeled.

And we've done some testing with the content, not yet, not yet labeled. And, um, when it is ticked and unticked and the, we've also done a bit of research and
you'd be surprised the amount of people that don't actually label their videos when they
upload them. So like we will run videos now on content. That's not yet labeled because especially when we're doing keyword audiences and we're
doing specific audience campaigns, because again, it doesn't matter what video their ad
shows up on because we know we're targeting the right audience. So unchecked the exclusion for that.

Yeah, exactly. Now I'll try it here, but it's not letting me save for some reason. Yeah. You can't edit this with your current access level. So it hasn't updated.

I must need to clear my cache or something like that. So use goal account settings. We'll just let you do that anyways. Yeah. So you're currently optimizing for page views.

Is that correct? Yeah. So I just redid that like, uh, you know, cause my account settings were different before. Well, that looks, these look, these conversions look like the air correct and the air green
looks like to set up correctly. So that's fine.

And specific targeting for devices. Yeah. You have TV screens ticked off three views for a month. That's fine as well. Um, sometimes when we're scaling a campaign and we want to like maximize things, we might
take off to the frequency altogether.

Um, but for, for getting data on your, your campaigns initially three views a month is fine. So like from a account level, everything looks fine, but let's look at the, um, the ad group
level now. Okay. Okay. So real quick, um, I just, um, right now, if I want to edit what we just talked about,
cause I just don't want to forget, you know, um, I just go expand an inventory and save that.

Well, you share your screen and we'll go through that quickly now, but just make sure that the
Chrome browser is maximized so I can see everything. Uh, gotcha. Uh, well, expand an inventory and then. Share your screen. And then uncheck content.

Okay. Yeah. I think I just, I just did it. I just make your browser massive. Yeah.

I click save. So I unchecked that and then I, uh, inventory, right? That's what you do right here. Yeah, that's fine. So now go click over to ad group.

Uh, ad group. Yeah. Now click, uh, click the name of the ad group. Okay. So you're going to put the extra videos in there.

That's fine. But let's look at your, the keywords first to go to content. Content. Yeah. On the left-hand side or yeah.

Left-hand side. But, uh, it's not eligible right now. Cause there's punctuation and symbols. We'll look at that after. Let's look at the keywords first.

Yeah. So the keywords, um, this play video and keywords right here. Yep. Now I added a bunch of these. Yeah.

You, you go ahead. Cause, cause you had something to share with me. Right. I do. Yeah.

So scroll down. I want to see how many keywords you have. So you have 71 keywords. And, um, here I added a bunch of them that were like guitars, like, cause my thinking
is like people that someone is searching for a related guitar, they obviously play that
guitar or what are thinking about getting that guitar. I like that's, that's, um, it's a good, it's good thinking.

It's good kind of call process of, of, um, the type of person. Um, okay. So what I'd like to do is I'd like to test this ad group, um, against the, the, the newer
ad group that I want to walk you through. Okay. So we'll create a new ad group.

So go back to your ad group there. Um, just click back. You might need to go back again and again. Now click ad group. Yes.

So see, take that box beside the ad group and just hit edit and copy. Now untick the box. Now go over to the more, over the right hand side, there's three dots with more underneath
and just hit paste and you can, yeah, hit done and do pause new ad groups after pasting. And then we're going to go in and we're going to remove all your ad groups. We're going to add in the, the specific keyword strategy that I want to share with you.

Okay. So now I click this one and then I'm going to content display. It is. I'll scroll all the way down. Just make sure all the keywords are being displayed.

Yeah. So we are. So scroll up, click on the, yeah. And just hit edit, remove. Okay, so just, yeah.

So now before we go through the strategy, we have to think about what someone will search
as closely related to your offer as possible. Now in my mind, I'm thinking, um, improve guitar, get better at guitar, things like that. But is there anything else that we're, that we could use? How to become a pro guitar player or like a professional guitar player? Um, that, that, I don't know if people would search that.

They might like, they might hear it sound like a pro. They might start sound like a pro or I think get like, let's just go with the get better
at guitar, improve guitar player. Um, so what we're going to do is we're, for each ad group, we're going to choose one keyword
and that forms the basis of an ad group. So there's only one keyword in the ad group, but we, we use that keyword in a very specific
way. So what we're going to do is before we actually do it, I'm just going to walk you through
the context and the, the reasoning behind it.

Okay. So let's say we choose a keyword, um, improve guitar, right? So then we're going to use, um, when we have a keyword. There's three different ways we can use the keyword. So there's the broad match.

There's the exact match and there's phrase match. Now, broad match, Google will go out there and find and try and rank for any and show videos
for any keywords. That's a very, very loosely related to improve guitar. Now, and that's good, but it also means we can show up for lots of random stuff that may
or may not be as relevant as possible. So when we use exact match, that means that we're only going to show up when someone searches
exactly what our keyword is.

So improve guitar. And then when we use phrase match, it means we'll only show up for when anytime someone
searches or, or phrase improve guitar, whether they search it on its own or whether they search
it as a long-term keyword with like words at the beginning or words at the end. So say, for example, a phrase match will be, how can I improve my guitar playing in 24
hours? So that's a very long keyword term, but, or we will show up for that because they've
used our phrase, improve guitar. So the specific strategy that we're going to use here is leveraging both exact match and
phrase match at the same time and not doing broad match.

Okay. Okay. Okay. So we'll do, if you click keyword, add new keyword there and just do an inverted commas
first, improve guitar. Inverted commas.

Yeah. You know, there, just like in, in quotation marks. Oh, quotation marks. These. Yeah.

Oh, gotcha. Okay. And then improve guitar and then close them again. Now close the quotation. So do you.

And then hold on, hold on. Now click enter. Now hit square bracket. Square bracket. This one.

Oops. No, this one. Yeah. And then put in improve guitar. And then square bracket.

And now go down, hit save. And that's it. Oh, okay. So the, the square brackets are like a phrase or. Yeah.

So they, we're using both phrase match and exact match. So which one is exact match and which one is phrase match? So exact match is the improved guitar and phrase matches the, the, the square guitar,
square brackets. Square brackets. Gotcha.

So phrase match and, uh, exact match. Yeah. Or it might be the other way around, but regardless, we're only using those two. I can't remember. I, it always, it always, I always get it mixed up, but we're using those two anyway.

So now one, one problem here is that, uh, if I go into like, you know, like keywords tool
and whatever, like not many people are searching that term. I don't think, well, then we need to use a term that they are searching because if I
go right here, um, go to keyword planner, but then we might, we may change, improve
guitar to like play guitar. Oops. Oops. Oops.

Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops.

Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops.

Oops. Oops. You see like, that's only like 10 to a hundred. So what's play guitar? Play guitar.

Let's see. Um, go to keyword ideas and put in play guitar. Yeah. That's better. So let's, um, let's do play guitar.

Okay. Gotcha. So here, just now the reality is, um, if this MDF goes well and we get some strong initial
results, we can create an ad group for play guitar. We can create one for improve guitar. We can, we can even go back to the drawing board and use the, the guitar lessons keywords
and all the ones that do have high search volume and really get super granular about
testing which keywords work better than the others.

Oh, no, you're going to do plate. No, you have the space. So you want to take out the space and just, you don't need the capitals as well. Very few people search for capitals. And then yes, square brackets.

Oh, that's funny. Oh, that's funny. How do you learn that about, uh, the exact match and whatever? Well, we've always, we've always known that they were options. It's just we, what we found with like, cause I'll show you afterwards how we can see what
are, what keywords are showing up where.

And this is like what we're kind of essentially what we're doing here is we're, we're combining,
combining in AdWords strategy with a YouTube strategy. So it's combining the best of both because what were the best type of keyword campaigns
to run an AdWords, our phrase match an exact match, like broad match keywords, like specifically
on AdWords, you'll spend your money as quick as possible. So that's it. That's it right here. Yep.

That's it. And then, uh, do I add any more keywords or just, just these? No, I would just use those. I want to test these two or these two keywords against your grouping. Now I'd like to be honest.

I do like your group grouping. And right now, if I was to hazard a guess between which one to perform better, I really
couldn't tell you. And I really, I don't really care as long as one of the performs well, but I do like
the strategy that you used of like for someone who has a certain type of a guitar or if someone
is searching for a certain type of a guitar, that means that they're obviously interested
in guitar or like chances are they're already playing guitar. So then coming at them and chances are like if they're an amateur guitar player that they're,
they don't sound as great as they could. So coming at them at that angle, I think is really good.

And, um, I'd be interested to see how that performs. Okay. Well, let's, let's test one ad group off the other. One thing I would say, just a minor thing. It's not going to make a difference to the campaign.

Just change the, the keyword name. So you know, which one is the, um, the, which one is which. Uh, okay. Um, not here. No.

How do I, so go back to the campaign level, click your ad groups. Now click down into the campaign. Now you can just hover beside it and change the name. So, um, exact. Cause phrase, right?

Yep. And then put in the actual keyword as well. Play guitar. So then if you want to add any extra ones, like at this stage with this strategy, you're
probably could use something like guitar lessons. Get guitar tutorials.

You could use adding extra ones like that, but I would have them in their own, um, their
own ad group just for pure segmented, um, analysis of how to perform it. Well, I mean, here, I got a lot of keywords in this one. Do you, do you, do you, do you do this? Do you do this? Do you do this?

Do you do this? Do you really? Do you do this? Do you do this? Do you do this?

Do you do this? Do you do this? Do you do this? Do you do this? Do you do this?

one do you like um i don't know should i keep them all in there um i try to keep them all in
there for now because like just like the the reality is i'm just trying to augment and then
slightly improve what you're doing the keywords you're targeting there they will be fine i know
they'll be fine but i just want to see if we can you know anytime we can have a force multiplier
on top of that it's just going to help us get better results so i would leave them as is what
i do want to take a look at is the actual ad so if you click edit
and just click edit so let's take a look at your ad okay scroll down
yeah it's the um it's the punctual it's the yeah the exclamation marks
guitar training is it's a bit meh it's like yeah nothing really unique about that
obviously we're only dealing with 15 um 15 characters but what's the have you got has
your unique mechanism got a name yeah micro aesthetics i would like is that that should
be 15 characters right or less but people wouldn't know what exactly what we're going to put in is
micro aesthetics question mark it's going to pique your interest they're going to say like if you say
guitar training like that no it's just like right at 16k like with the question all right take just
take out the question mark then it's not great i mean if we could let me see i was thinking guitar
shortcut because it's i mean it's the name of that fit yeah guitar shortcut i think fits
except there's a good gist to that you get
there we go um now if we could introduce your in your long headline sound like a pro guitar player
with this simple psychological trick and then put in inverted commas micro aesthetics so then we're
like that we have that we have your intellectually interesting component in your ad as well
and then the second description i would have discover how world-class musicians captivate their
audience um using micro aesthetics
question are in inverted commas as well or quotation marks oh no it's only 70 so you can take that out
that's fine so take out the yeah perfect let's scroll down
yeah that's fine hit save
uh okay watch now is good um if you're going to use watch now yeah it's all in capitals anyway so
that's fine
that's normal right not eligible for now yeah until you um put the campaign live and actually
it goes into review so should i put all six ads in there like because you know i have hook one b
too like should i put all of them yeah but you'll have to do them for both ad groups now
both ad groups so what you can do just to make it easier for yourself is put them into one of the
ad groups just and then just duplicate the ad group and go through the process of removing the
keywords and adding in those two new ones rather than having to put them in put the both videos in
there twice oh gotcha so but like it's again like i said at the beginning it's it's six of one half and
there's another it's not going to make a massive difference to the actual campaign this is going to
give you it depends on how quick you are letting them in what i typically do when i'm adding in
videos adding in extra videos to a campaign is i would have two tabs open the same i would log i'd be
logged into adwords in two tabs one of the tabs that have the the like if you click edit there
edit right here yeah and click edit and click edit so in one tab i'd have this open so all i have
to do is copy and paste over and just change the actual video and then the other tab i would have
the actual be i'll be in my adwords account creating a new ad and then i'll be just copying and pasting
the link copy and pasting the headline and everything else rather than have to type it in all all over
again but can't i just like duplicate this and then change the you can but what that does is every
time you duplicate and then change in there it's going to delete a version and create a new version
it's like when you click edit see what it says click edit when you it's going to remove a current
ad create a new one so when you duplicate it five times and then go into edit it you're actually
creating like 15 new ads oh and then you're removing well you're i mean you are removing 10 of
them but it's like it's it's still a little bit annoying you know gotcha and so so i just i just
create them from new and copy and paste across so it just keeps the the account a little bit cleaner
right because but again these these these things are not going to affect the performance of the
campaign it just it all it all comes down to your personal preference of what you want to do
okay that's pretty much it then we once once you get these ads in there let me know i'll go in
do a quick check on my side and then we can put the campaigns live so are we um are we doing
audience too because you said keywords audiences and placements or should we just start with keywords
you can do all if you have the budget to do all three i would do all three if you want to focus on
just one we can just do one well what i mean
what do you mean by the budget to do all three like because each campaign is going to have its
own budget so as long if you have enough budget to do keywords campaign an audience campaign
and a placement or topics campaign well then let's do all three but if you want to just focus
um the the lion's share the budget on one campaign let's just do one campaign again like the
it's whether we do one campaign or three campaigns is not really going to affect the performance
of the actual campaigns you're going to get traffic with this campaign you're going to get traffic with
it with the other campaign and you're going to get traffic with the third campaign it's just whether
or not the marketing side is going to translate into what we want so you'll get the traffic regardless
the traffic is there so it comes down to personal preference i've just defaulted in my way of doing it to
always do the three campaigns but it's not necessarily necessary okay well but i mean either
way like whether we do one campaign or three campaigns it's probably still going to cost me
the same to get 100 opt-ins exactly so like it's very like so then we can let's let's what we'll do
is start with one campaign and like it's the reality is it's going to take if to it once it goes live
it'll take two or three days to kick into gear especially because we're doing a keywords campaign
and if we find after like five days that we're just not getting enough impressions to get the clicks we
want we can just create the other two campaigns okay and then so should i bring the the campaign
budget higher than to get fast results yes so then i would do because we're going to do three
campaigns i would do sixty dollars right yeah if you're if your budget can handle that absolutely yeah
well i mean it doesn't matter right because it's just the speed right exactly yeah but like the
sooner we get to data the better obviously so like so should then for like sake of like the speed like
should i just put a hundred dollars and see like what no 60 is fine like 60 is more than enough again
when it comes to budgeting remember we want to do five times to ten times our ideal conversion costs
now we're going to be doing leads and we like if we could get conversions in your space
i mean i'd i'd have to double check but if we could get conversions in your space leads in your
space for for between five to seven dollars i think we could definitely achieve that so if our budget is
between five times to ten times that that kind of gives us that sixty dollar range so that's fine
okay cool so i'll put i'll put it then to two sixty dollars for the campaign
perfect do the keyword campaign then yep and then uh so after this i just need to go and just you know
create all my ads delete this one and then just duplicate this and then just redo the same thing
exactly and before you turn on your um your campaign go through your funnel um like from start to finish
like opt-in watch your vsl click the order button go to the order form purchase the actual thing you can
use a test you can have it on test purchase if you want but make sure you do a purchase make sure you hit
that um thank you page and um just go through the flow to make sure everything is working from a tech
point of view okay sounds good i'll do that also like before i can launch i i have to record my my
module zero which is basically like uh it's going to be a an overview of everything so okay i'll do that
on tuesday so i probably won't launch until like really like next wednesday or thursday okay well
well then if it's if you're not launched by thursday let's launch together next thursday
okay maybe maybe we'll do that so i'll just put on everything do a final review and just
turn them on sounds good all right okay cheers christian thank you so much have a good day
yep i'm really excited for this those those ads are great and i have a funny feeling i'll be using
them as uh as case studies because they're brilliant ads dude that'd be awesome cool cheers christian
all right thank you see you
all right
