---
title: "Media Buying 2022-10-13 16:01:01"
date: 2022-10-13
duration: 50m
duration_seconds: 3050
vimeo_id: 759990315
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Media Buying 2022-10-13 16:01:01

**Date:** 2022-10-13 | **Duration:** 50m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, hey Christian. Are you yeah, who are you good? What's been happening? You tell me. Oh, well, I'm just like shortening the the campaign.

Okay, I brought it down to like, you know the marketing message around like 13 minutes, but I'm trying to get it down even lower to like seven, you know, because that's what my competitors doing. So I'm still thank you and sit down. um, I was wondering like for ads whenever we run Ben this time, like should we do any kind of like retargeting, you know or anything like that like Kind of like run. Well, I don't I know cuz we're we're still doing the minimum viable funnel. So I like I guess it's not what these like retargeting you'd need at least a thousand people in the campaign to be able to retargeting them.

What what you could possibly do is one audience that we could add to your mix is anyone that's watched the previous ads. So inside of your instead of your Google ads you went to your audience's section and you can create an audience of people that have that have watched any of your ads previously how we could you know, we can test it to those people as well and just see how we get on. Should I do that or or like is that something we shouldn't do? I mean it does not how I'm adding a minute as an audience as long as they're in their own ad group and it's like it they're being targeted on their own. There's no harm to do because at this stage, you know, you've spent quite a bit and we've built a lot to you've built up at least I would say at least five 10 15,000 views, maybe more.

Why not when I Target them a second time around and see and see if there's any low hanging fruit in there. Right and you know because that I get also have a YouTube channel and you know with like people that view that I should I also just like, you know, Target people that view my YouTube channel and stuff like that or is there many views honest many subscribers and views on it. well, I have like 400 subscribers, but I had one video that went like it has like 50,000 views or something like yeah, I mean like yeah, absolutely because like take of it the When we're testing our mvf we like we use whatever tools we have available to test it. And if those like they're a cold audience now, they're a little bit warmer than it true cold audience. So because they they may have seen you some of your stuff before but you know, it may have been some time before when I've seen it.

So there's no harm testing those things just do anything to bear in mind. If we do test all those things specifically your subscribers and your video viewers the results from those and if they're like, crazy good That not expect those same kind of results from like normal cold audiences. We're like, there's not there's no harm in adding them to the mix if you like. If you have the asset, let's utilize it. right, but then like that would screw up the the metric but I mean, it's not it's it's I mean It wouldn't like if it gets sales it gets sales.

So that's it. At the end of the day. I'm okay. We're getting sales. Okay.

Well, that was my main question. I wanted to ask for today because I'm just still working on on making the and I mean, you know, like right now like it's shorter. I should get it like shorter right even shorter than that because like my my two main direct response competitors were like very short like they get to the offer like very quickly so I should make it shorter than 13 minutes, right? Well, I've been as long as it's not necessarily getting it to seven minutes or until like that. Like that's not the key is like if if the competitors are going straight to offer immediately.

It does make sense to for you to go straight to offer immediately. But that doesn't mean that your video has to be the same lent. It's just like the the offer type or the offer the lead type is if your competitors are using like a direct offer lead and it would make sense for you to use a direct offer lead at least initially, but it doesn't mean that your video has to be the same lent is there so Okay, so then should I like remove the explanation of the unique mechanism because so far what I would be I would be removing the explanation of genetic mechanism because that's like that's so what lent is the video now 13 minutes like the the marketing portion of it is 13. So give and take like the offer would pop up around like 15 minutes in or something. Like well 16 minutes in which is still pretty pretty long time.

um because Here's the way I have it structured now. It's like the lead right which is like around one minute and 30 seconds. And then I have the credibility with like the story that kind of like explains the unique mechan. Well, it doesn't really explain it introduces the unique mechanism how I came up with it or whatever how came to be and then there's the unique mechanism explanation right here. But like most people like already like by, you know minute, you know, like at least 10 minutes saying like the offer has been made like it the prices already there, right?

And another one is like four minutes in you know, like different people like the offer comes in pretty fast. So, um, I'm just wondering like if I had to cut something out like what would I cut out? Like would I make the story shorter? I guess like I wouldn't be I'm like when it comes to like cutting out you don't want to cut out stuff and then like your argument and there's no longer like a full solid like argument like the in terms of like cutting out parts of the campaign. I would get with either Michael and Paul on that because like they've helped you with that the most and if I say a clear portion one portion and then they were like well, why is that taking out?

It wouldn't make sense. So like in my mind, it's more of the the overall flow of the like the the video on the page and everything else. That's that's what's more important. I wouldn't go cutting out stuff just to get a little bit shorter and And if you were going to cut out elements, I would get what Michael and Paul to discuss what those elements could be because I don't want to say something that's gonna go against what they am what they'd recommended, you know? Yeah, actually that makes sense.

Yeah, so Yeah, I'll just try to shorten it but like they said like definitely keep the explanation of the mechanism and you know, it's like it's what's it's what's unique about your process your your method versus any guitar learning method out there. So you do want to have that differentiation in there. It's it's like it's one of the Pinnacles of the E5 method so okay, and so like adwise the destructure is going to be you know, like the the ad sets that worked before right, you know the main ad said that worked before and then Um, then what else are we still gonna do? What would you think is best to do at that point? Just like do you still keywords?

Like how how you see him use your like use your best performing videos again. So like the top two videos definitely do the keyword strategy. And and then if you wanted to test your a couple of other audiences you can add in a couple of extra ad groups and or if you're splitting him out into campaigns a couple of extra campaigns as well. I mean deed like the keywords that brought they've brought in sales in the past so we know that that strategy works but there are audiences as well that Either you're like you said your YouTube ad viewer audiences because definitely one and then if you wanted to test some of the guitar related audiences, you know, we can do that as well. Okay.

So this one seemed to be pretty good and then I guess I'll just do a some sort of like, you know people that watch my ads before. Yeah, and then people that watch my channel before. Okay, cool. Cool. All right cheers position every day.

Hey, I'm sorry you. I'm good. I I know I took a almost three week Hiatus. We just finally finalized the updated vsl. So today is my recording date and I wanted to jump on to see like once I'm ready to run traffic, which should be in the next 48 hours or so.

I'll read running like am I literally just turning it on or are we doing a different ad different strategy? Have you what have you changed? The whole thing that's not but I guess they it's like the idea and the hook the same or yeah. Yeah. So the idea the hook is the same we changed the order of the cpb chunks.

We made it a bit more concise. It's the same like it'll be the same headline so to say so if it's the same idea in the same kind of hook around our headline. Yeah. Have you changed a page links? No, no.

Well, then we can just at least initially just turn back on the previous campaign. Right. Okay. Also the other thing I wanted to ask you about was that so yesterday when Michael was Michael and I were talking he said to me that the best performance that we can expect or like an average performance for a landing page to convert is around two to three percent. If it's at two or three percent, then the landing page is doing its job.

We don't need to change anything and that means for every 100 people that every 100 unique viewers that see our campaign that opt-in and actually play the video of those two have to buy and that's 2% conversion. So I got this like a little bit worried because when we initially just just on that and Obviously Michael's not here so he can't speak on. What was said there? So the Typically, that's what we would see but the reality is it varies from from funnel to funnel we've had like I've run a promotion a couple of weeks ago and the the sales Converse the visitor to sales rate was 29% So 29% of the people that seen the offer bought 29% of people that got to the sales page board. So like that's that's unheard of that's crazy crazy high right, but then on the other side of things we sometimes we can make a point five percent sales conversion rate work.

So it's not necessarily don't get hung up hung up on the sales conversion rate. It's all comes down to how much is it costing us? How much are we generating? Like at the end of the day if we can make that work at point two five percent. I don't care as long as we're making it work.

Now if we need to make it work at a higher percentage, we either work towards getting to that percentage or we have to look at redoing or economics in terms of our pricing and and everything and our maybe or add strategy. And everything else because the economics might in stack up the way we deliver a thinking right? So I guess when I was looking at the numbers it took us when we ran the campaign as and as a conversion campaign It took 1700 dollars worth of AD spend to get to. 40 something unique viewers Whereas it took 440 worth of AD spend when we did it as a lead campaign as a lead generation campaign. Then we got 64 unique viewers for that 440.

So To six at that rate 600 like if our budget is $45 a day when we hit around six hundred dollars of AD spend that's about give or take a hundred viewers based on that one campaign that I saw. So just on that like I just like a worried because Michael was you know, the way the way the math worked out was that there wasn't going to be any way to make it profitable without engaging the follow-ups and without engaging like he made it sound like at best we can expect like a break even on the cold traffic and then we make the profit from email Marketing sales and follow-up sales and all that. So that's why I just got a little bit worried because I thought that we could yeah. Well the reality is is the how profitable the funnel is initially depends on. The front end offer because if that doesn't convert nothing else is going to convert in the backing because nobody's gonna ever see it.

So typically what we're looking at is okay. We're trying to get and as close as possible to to break even as quickly as possible sometimes like they the normal gauge that we would use and Christian will be familiar from this like from the like Corey five met it is we're looking for around if we can get to 50 to 60% return on ad spend before we add in any kind of bumps or upsells or things like that generally speaking. That's kind of a good enough gauge. But again, it varies from industry to Industry price point to price point because obviously the higher your price point. Typically the lower your conversion rate and the lower your price point typically to hire the conversion rate, but the other side of that coin then is like the the lower your price point and the much harder.

The rest of your funnel has to do to make up the rest of the the acquisition costs and to get into profit and everything else and likewise. If you have a higher price point and you're upsells don't have to work as hard to to get to that break even point. So like it really does the pain. So your price point again for the for the offer is is that 97 or 197? No, so the first offer that we were running was just for the do DIY course know like support meetings or anything and that was 497 for 97 497 us and we And I knew going in that this is a bit of a premium price for my Niche but because zero sales from now we got one sale, but that was like from a friend of a friend who saw a post and said Okay, I want to buy it, right so that's a completely different avenue.

So now let's just focus on that for a second. So your price point is 497. So then in you're dealing with a with a much higher front-end price point, right and our goal is to like if let's say we're we're I think we're we're getting leads for again. It was like five to six dollars on average less 485. Well, let's say rounded up to five dollars.

So then like in order for you to break even in the front end. You need to just get one percent conversion rate. And that's without any obviously changed but we changed the offer now. So the offer now includes a weekly support meeting. So now they get to meet you know, what's the price point price point now is we're pitching it as one one time.

So three payments of 111 dollars. So total value 333 instead of 497. And but it's broken up over three monthly payments and or they can pay to 279 up front one time if they want to commit for the full three months, so they're too up. Okay. So let's let's work after the 279 one time.

So then in that respect on a five dollar cost per lead average right again, you you would be looking at around that 2% conversion rate to break even like that's so you need like two out of every 100 to to purchase now. One thing to bear in mind is like is that doable? Yes, absolutely. It's doable. I mean, it's like it's it's not something that you you'd be like.

Oh my God. This doesn't just there's no way in Adam that we'll be able to make this work because it's you're not looking for a 10% conversion rate on a 279 offer. You only need really a a two percent and that's with not that's what no bump that's what no upsells and everything else in between what what I wouldn't necessarily with the with the tree payments of 111. That's going to be a little bit difficult a little bit more difficult to gauge in terms of conversion rate because we generally only count Day Zero Revenue. So we don't even count that first payment then the other two payments will be you know with it would be profit.

So let's say for on the split pay ideally we'd be looking for okay for every for every 120 dollars, we spend or 111 dollars or whatever the case is that we would be generating, you know, at least say a portion of that back like this the 60% portion and in if we were to add in and additional offers like a bumps or upsells, then we could make back to the rest of everything else, but I'd be more I'd be more inclined to work off the the like by it now for the two seven nine or whatever. The the price point is because that it just makes it a little bit easier to to calculate that doesn't mean you can't still have both prices. It's just that in terms of like looking at our numbers from a forecasting point of view just makes it a little bit easier to I stand okay for Break Even. We're at about a 2% conversion rate. And then if once we add in a bump or an upsell will then we can either go to a one and a half or 1% conversion rate and still Break Even or we can start to get into it.

If we maintain our 2% conversion rate that we can start to get into into some profit as well if we want to. Okay. So like How likely is like a 2X row as you think based on what numbers we've seen so far like we have ads numbers. They're solid in terms of a lead acquisition and all that and in terms of like clicks and everything, but the landing page and the vsl. We are now basically testing a new offer right a new offer with a more like previously our video is 41 minutes with everything now.

I'm aiming for it to be like under 30 minutes for for everything. So we you know Compacted some of the cpb chunks while keeping all the info we changed out the lead and now we have a different offer. Right? So the offer has somebody there's lots of variables to third like lots of variables change and like how when you said How likely is it to be profitable? I mean does there's no way to answer that question.

I mean like that's that's like it's it's such a Like if if we could answer that question, we could just you know, Press buttons all day long and answer like they there's a good there's obviously a number of factors that are going to come into play two biggest ones there. A or audience that we're targeting in the first place and as long as we're fairly clear on our audience and then be how well that offer how well that audience responds to the offer and if it like if they if they respond very positively and we get hired under 2% conversion rate. Maybe we get a 3% conversion rate. Maybe we get a 4% conversion. And in those respects.

Well, then yes, we have a very high chance of I've been profitable but if if they don't if things if those things don't match up we'll then, you know, we'll we'll struggle to be profitable. It's just it's a very it's just it's a question that simply can't be answered and I wish we could answer but you know, we can't no I get that part. So the way the offer is structured now one of the biggest competitors in my industry, which is her name is Annie Grace. We were trying to find her audience and Target just those people that like her she's got a book that made her very famous and now she's got a whole thing. Anyway, I've got people in my program that are in her program as well and Explain to me how she charges 190 US dollars for so we're charging 111.

She charges 190 same concept weekly meetings. There's a daily meeting that they can join they get content that they follow on their own. They get homework same concept as hours and but we're charging 111. So and she gets 350 people signed up per year. Like her thing is a whole year.

She's just introduced in 90 day thing. Now the 350 people signed up 250 are still ongoing kind of thing. So, I mean the proof is there that okay. There is a market for something like this and online market now any Grace she's got 40,000 followers where I have 500. Okay, like if we're measuring it up, she's been in this game for seven eight nine years now and this is me at year two, but there's no reason why we can't get at least a hundred people signed up over the course of the next three four five months, you know, or even or even sooner than that as just because Quincy so like the proof is there it's not like it's a completely like untested disruptive thing.

It's like people are already doing it. We just need to kind of Follow that method so would we be able to sort of Target her audience at all, or like I'm from a Facebook point of view. No. but for me, like if we wanted to look into a like an AdWords or a YouTube point of view if she has a YouTube channel, then yes, but if people are searching for her name frequently in Google well that we could Target around Google as well. Well from your Facebook point of view we're going to unless she has a unless her audiences listed as an interest in Facebook.

Well, then it's going to be Nayana possible. So like here's the person I just Googled there any Grace this is what comes up. How do we see? Like do we have to see like a Google? I'm sure to do just can I request for Access for a second?

Yeah. Any Grace net worth I want to know that. I hope your campaign so it doesn't really matter. Yeah. Okay, so let's see.

So this is her YouTube channel. So she's forty thousand subscribers on YouTube. So we could I'm sure there's lots of other ones like her as well so we could potentially if we wanted to we could we could either Target this YouTube channel with a YouTube campaign or if people are searching for her on Google and we could Target a Google campaign or if people like what we could also do is like if someone's saying I want to with alcohol or whatever. It may not be the exact term. so we could we could have an ad for so see these guys have a like these two things here as for people looking to quit alcohol so we could do one of if we like if we if if you're the decision comes to whether we will do this comes down to whether or not you're Confident in the audiences that we're targeting Facebook.

Now if you're confident in the audience is that we've been targeting on Facebook. Well, then we don't necessarily need to do this. But if you're not confident in the audience's well, then a decision does need to be made. Well, how do we how do we determine the confidence in the audience? I mean well when you set up to campaigns and you chose the audiences like where they Were they like highly targeted audiences or or what?

We're doing we can take a quick look if you want. Yeah. I mean you have control here's ads manager. And here is the campaign and we have hundred day hard reset. Okay you go.

I'll leave it. Yeah, let's take a look. Now you'll have to when we go in there and look at the I can obviously take a look but I want you to you tell like look as well. Obviously, they've gotten results to a varying degree. We'll just set it to maximum.

And we'll see. So without looking at the audiences. We will in a second. This second asset like it's very it's a very they're very broad interest. Right?

So with that it's like, um, it's where basically and I can understand why we chose these audiences. We're targeting. We're trying to let Facebook. Hone in on our to our right audiences Within These larger audiences, right? And like that's um, that's not as targeted as say this one clean and sober not alcoholic beverage maybe but let's have a look at it as well first.

So one point we change the age range from 34 to 65. Right, so that that did help. so me like, this is a This is a fairly targeted audience. It is like you can't say it's not a fairly target audience. It's people who are like clean and sober and not alcoholic beverage now if we wanted to get extremely critical which We don't have to but if we wanted to we could say that okay.

Well if someone's in interested in a non-alcoholic beverages, there may be certain people in that audiences that are that have already quit drinking. Yep and likewise with the clean and sober audience. So maybe certain people in the audience that have already quit drinking as well. So like the but again, there's definitely going to be people in our target audience in these two interests here without a shadow. the the one over here on drinking Let's just have a quick look at this one.

Human drinking human physiology. Yeah with like it's again. It's a fairly targeted audience. What I would recommend to do if you're open to it just to make sure like we cover all our bases and we've we've gotten leads with the with the current campaigns we run on Facebook and we got like when we run into purchase event, it was a little bit more difficult to to get the results because we're optimizing for purchase and it was you know, it's it was like essentially a a noon of pixel obviously a new offer. So that's why when we switch it to leads, but if you're open to it for this time around when you have the new campaign ready to go Take your budget.

That you were going to do for Facebook. And if you're ready to go in the next 48 hours half that budget and let's test Facebook and then we'll take the other half and next week. We can set up a campaign together for Google either. We'll start with Google ads because that will eliminate the need for you to shoot a YouTube video and see if if we can get some targeted traffic from from Google as well that can tap into. Targeted audiences as well.

Just kind of will spread our budget across boat and just compare we'll just come do a compare and contrast on on Google and Facebook. So on YouTube can we not run the same ad that we have been on Facebook the same testimony? No, it's and like it's it's well I want to see the ad again, but the the honest answer is no we'll need it. We would need a specific ad for YouTube that follows our specific framework because it's like there's two completely different things like Facebook is and it's very much. It's about like interrupting your scroll and on YouTube.

It's it's more about education / entertainment now if you don't have that I want to do that. Like if you can give me the framework, I'll make the video man. That's no problem. Like how like we're talking about a minute minute and a half two minutes max. Right?

Well like they I completed the YouTube workshop last week and I've just got just about got the members area done so I can just I can send over send over accession if you can you don't need to watch the whole Workshop. The workshop is like three hours long, but if you watch specifically the portion on the ads, And next week we can cover the actual setup together. and but like if you watch specifically the portion on the ads use the templates that are in there as well to create the ads and and then like if you're ready to go next week for YouTube great and but like I probably still start with Google. Anyways next week if we're going to do a second one because it's it's lower hanging fruit. I mean it it eliminates the need to go shooting a video and everything else.

Like if if you had the time and capacity like Christian had to go shooting the videos and I like the Christians Christian. I don't know if you're still on here. But yeah, you're probably your videos a couple of your your videos the your towards pleasure videos and you're away from paying videos. I actually use them as examples and the workshop because they were really good and the results from them were really strong. So like you had to you had the time in the capacity to to record them when you were building out your campaign initially, so I wouldn't Hands out.

I wouldn't rush them just just for the sake of getting it done. Whereas what we could do is like split it across between Facebook and Google first and just just do a compare and contrast I'm gonna eliminate it would eliminate the Kennedy the speed of trying to just rush your YouTube video. And the worst thing you can do with a YouTube video is Russia. Yeah, no, I I agree with you and also I'll give you access to the workshop anyway, so you can so you can see everything in there because I guess at this point what's more important is validating that there's people who are buying this offer and it's validated because I'm doing so well October now and people are already like participating in it and like, you know, the price point of 111 is it's great. So I I'm way more confident of like getting conversions.

It's just a matter of optimizing so I'm happy to follow your guidance. So so for now get the recording done step two run the same ad same lead like lead capture Elite lead campaign, right not a not a conversions campaign, but Elite campaign. But this time run the budget of half, right? Do you have the budget and choose your best ad set to perform the best don't do all trade them against whichever one perform the best. Okay, so let me just write this down and then next time next Thursday myself and yourself we can.

We can set up the Google campaign. What I'll do is I'll send you a video if you send me an email after this and I'll send you a video to watch on setting up your conversion events in Google and if you can have a goal with that yourself first, and if you get stuck on that and let me know and we can we can hop on Zoom for a couple of minutes before next week. So because if we have our we have our conversion event set up ahead of next week. I'll just make setting up to campaign next week. That was so much easier.

Okay. Sounds good. So I wrote all that down. Okay, great. Well, thank you so much for your help and Christian.

How long did it take you to shoot those videos? Um, and how long were there like it's just a minute and happy it was pretty short. Like, you know, I just took me, you know, I wrote this crit and then I took me like less than a day like maybe like an hour or two. Okay, it takes me a while like to just get on the phone like it's just me on the phone and just say When I used if I were you what I would do I would get this app. It's like I think it's 20 bucks or whatever but Kelly promptplus Street.

That's when I use anyway. Yeah, teleprompter. Yeah. Yeah, and I don't think I have it on my phone right now for some reason but yeah use teleprompter and just like put your text on there and then just read it through, you know, I cover all of that in the training as well. I'm so if you watch that, I'm let me know.

No for sure. I will see many email after I'll give you a link to the conversion conversion setting setup and I'll also give you a link to the members area. So you can watch it and Christian. I'll give you as well. I mean, you're fairly you're fairly well versed at YouTube but now but know how I'm going come back over if you want to if there's some stuff you want to go over plus you'll get to see you'll get to see your face inside there as well with your own.

So, oh my God, one thing I wanted to bring up guys is that in terms of like content that's resonating with my audience. So I do reals like this three or four times a week and I started doing this about a month ago or like month and a half ago. And normally you can see like 193 112 214 views 246, but there's some videos this one nine point eight k, This one 6.7 K. And now this one that just crossed 1.1 K. We could maybe consider looking at doing something like this.

That's just me talking about a topic that really resonates with my audience. And and you know, let's let's for example, they like the it's fantastic that that like those three videos that I've done really well, but they all have to fit in line with it can't just be like a random video that that's talking about a random topic. So like they Wonder has 9.8 K. What's that video about? It's about low vibration living and how like when we continue drinking heavily.

We just create low vibration emotions of fear and guilt and shame and regret and then just start attracting more of that stuff. So we just feel like we're miserable all the time. Okay, like let's make an owner that one that we could probably do something along those lines the other one with six point seven k, I don't even remember if you're wondering. Why yeah, why you can't stop drinking is never the answers in our nervous system about how like our brain by nature is designed to become addicted and that's what's gone in the BSL as well part of that. Can you have can you send me those two by the email as well?

Sure, I can say that we can just take a look at them. We won't be able to use these because these are native for reals and like they on YouTube it's different but like the the angles are certainly ones the way if they if they're those angles have done. Well, let's and this is all organic right? Like I literally just posted it to Facebook. And that's it.

I'm done. Anything else. The only thing is there are. These hashtags. Okay, I changing us we can do something else we can do now this is this is something that Christian brought up at the beginning before you come on.

So he said that he has a certain amount of YouTube subscribers and he's got a certain certain amount of videos that have a certain amount of views and should he use them in his campaign and the answer is if you have the asset yes, so you have Those are some assets that you got there so. If you go back into your ads manager. I close it. Yeah. And go to the tree that I think I said have control so I'll do here.

Okay, so we're gonna click these here. They all tools we're going to go to our audiences. and normally, we would create like individual ones what we can just do now is just create a Create a to do to do but those are that's from my my personal account. Not like the hard reset page those reels. Why are you doing them on your personal account?

Not under reach the page. I did I did both I do both but it's just my reach is because I keep adding people from these bigger and stop drinking groups to my Facebook profile. Right? So those those views that you're seeing the 9.8 K. That's um from my personal profile.

But the same video has been posted through the hard reset page as well. I just don't know how many views it has we can check that very quickly. Well, like basically what I want you to do is create create audience of people have watched those videos because that's low hanging fruit as well. Yeah. So I did try that but like for other content for other videos we can we can check this here if you want to just go on Facebook.

And here I'll do it. I'll do it quick. Ly and we'll switch profiles. Oh John real quickly. Like do you know like how to do like ads that?

I can't face on YouTube shorts and stuff like that because I've seen ads on YouTube shorts, like what you think about those? Yeah, I mean like they the ads on the YouTube shorts. I mean, it's basically you're using the same kind of. Of sizing you video sizing as a YouTube short, it's just as done as an ad. So instead of being like, you know, the YouTube shorts or like they're like native to your phone.

Yeah, and so you can do the same and just make sure you just just Target mobile not desktop and that's it's essentially like a normal YouTube ad except it's just you're using the same framework as a YouTube short. Oh, so you don't you don't select shorts you like? There's no selection of short you just like shooted that way and then just select mobile and that's how you yeah, just making sure and your ad set up in your mobile. Now. They I know they're changing the changing because they're they're gonna be pushing YouTube shorts a lot more in the coming weeks and months.

So they're probably gonna add it in there in the dashboard as a as an option going forward, but for now anytime I've seen them down. It's just been just been like manually chosen. Okay, and do they perform from what you know, or I'm I have no data on them. I haven't personally used them yet. I'm so I'm not sure but if there I do see a lot of people using them, so I'm sure they're performing well for some people but I I have no personal data on them.

Okay. So I'm trying to see where I can see the number of views, but it's not showing me. How do I see this? So go back into your ads manager. here I'm just going to take control.

Yeah, so custom audience. video so we can see here. This video has got 18,000 views. This is the way I normally do it. That was the ad.

Yes, so like let's let's target them again, right? Okay. That we have the assets. Let's you let's utilize them. So you go through here some of these later the ones that have less than like a thousand.

I generally wouldn't use. But no harm creating an audience of people who watch your videos. I mean like it's it's low hanging fruit. They've already watched some of your content. But the reels are not in here.

Well, that's because they're on your personal page. No, but I I posted reals on the hard reset page, too. Maybe you can't Target real yet. I'm not too sure to be honest. You might be able to put in the the video ID.

If you have the idea the video if you might be able to put it in here and see but I'm apart from that. It doesn't look like you could take it to Reels, but I'm not too sure. I'm not done a whole lot with reals to be honest. So I don't want to say it one way dear. Yeah, because I'm like the reality but like we're getting into the kind of weeds here.

The reality is you have assets you have people who watched your videos. So make sense to Target them in your ads. Know for sure. Okay, sounds good. So look, let's get back to the task at hand.

Let me record this video and then let's start with the Facebook budget and then next week set up the Google ad campaign as well. I already have a Google my business account so that you have a Google ads account. No, but I can create one create that and then we'll I'll send you over the video. I'm setting up to conversions. There's two ways we could do it.

There's either using Google tag manager if you use it, or if you don't use Google tag manager just hard coding them into your site. So it covers both of them. So. Okay. Yeah because see like over here and it just speaking about reals and their views, right?

So like I can see my professional dashboard posts insights for each of the posts. boost unavailable but like yeah, you can see what like the stuff that you've posted. You can't see it but like it doesn't give you any. There must have released a feature for like creating the audiences of reals yet. They probably will in the near future but I like to be honestly, like I said, I haven't done a whole lot with them having them anything at all with them to be honest.

So I I can't speak to it. Yeah, but like here you see like how I have this whole real section on my profile. I can't find this on the on the page. And this is where you it gives me all the numbers. Yeah, but they're elected.

The reality is because it's on your personal page like the from a retargeting point of view like that. This is it's no use to us. I know I I know that but I'm just saying that like I'm not able to see these views numbers for the hard reset page as I am for my personal page, right? So that's it might be buried in there somewhere again. I'm not Familiar with reels I haven't done a whole lot with them.

But like I'd say if you went if you go digging around in your page, it might be able to find them. This is and that's still your that's still your personal so you'd have to go into your actual page and see but No, that's the hard reset. Oh, here we are. live videos movies TV shows books go to your videos scroll down are they reels or day videos? This yeah, it looks like it looks like I don't know as from what I can see here.

It doesn't look like he can get any data on them, but I'm not sure because I haven't done anything with them to be honest. Oh, yeah, this is a sec because I boosted this one. That's why it's showing up here. Otherwise, these are all videos that I've posted not a single one of them is real. I'm not too sure where you'll find them then okay?

No worries. Okay. So thank you John for all of that. I am about my work cut out. So I'll see you next week.

And in the meantime right now, you want me to send you an email with these with somebody to reals and then I'll I'll reply back with the conversion. I'm set up our video watch that and And then have a good selling them up. And then but if you get stuck, let me know and then next week we'll set up a a interrogated Google ad campaign to to work alongside Facebook and just see. Like the let's see what we're looking at. Now.

We probably pay a higher CPC on Google that we would on Facebook. But the reality is the if we're if we're if we're pretty targeted with our keywords we could We could still make it work because it's we can get a lot more targeted. We can hit someone at the point of paint. So they're starting to maybe they've had a horrible weekend and they've committed to not drinking anymore under searching in Google. How do we quit drinking and then to see or at over to the vsl and purchase?

So like we we could have a better at not a better opportunity it different opportunity and then just Facebook this time. Okay, sounds good. Alrighty. Okay. Thank you.

Thank you. Take care. Bye thanks for sure. Hey, just a question real quick. So now you've had your chance not no more questions.

Just kidding. Well, I have like some you know. Like Teddy was saying like to do a Google campaign like because for example, there's some keywords I could keyword that perform fairly. Well these you see my screen, right? Yeah this one right here.

Well, I mean, I don't know if it performed that great but You see like for example, this one F minor chord guitar chord easy when I go on Google right here. Nobody is actually like targeting this. Would it be worth it wait, you mean with an ad with an ad? Yeah. you see like yeah, I mean like again, it's like like I said to Hamza it's gonna give you it's it gives you a second opportunity to to get people and it's like typically like it's really like It really depends when we're running initial traffic.

What traffic Source we use? It really depends on on our audience and our offer and everything else and like Guitar for you and are you being into guitar space like YouTube is a fantastic one, but it also like Teddy's right? I mean, there's no there's no reason why you you couldn't do Google as well. If you want to it just adds an extra layer of complexity that can be a little bit more difficult to manage but you could take what you could do and keep it super simple take your top tree performing keywords, and we have a campaign with them using the broad Rd exact match and phrase match strategy. So using the same strategy that we use in terms of exact match and phrase match but do with for Google Search now, the ads will be different because we won't be using videos.

Obviously, we'll have to use more copy-driven ads and we can have up to I think 12 headlines 30 characters each and four descriptions 90 characters each. So it's a little bit different. and then Google creates Best performing variations based on what you give it? The conversion events will be the same. They they conversion settings and the campaign settings will be the same.

It's just we're using search instead of video. Search engine. Okay, and so you I can watch your training on Google Google ads on in the portal, right? Yeah, there's ones in Google ads into Portia. So then basically what you do is you make a bunch of these and then it just picks the combination of headline and and description that works best.

Is that what it is? Yeah, like the essential thing is that whatever keywords we're using that we're using the keywords in the ad as well. So someone searches for the end FM chord lesson that we we use it. But then for you it's gonna be a little bit different which is why we went with YouTube first because you like in your search ad you have to transition quickly from the that that particular keyword to why they need to find out about your unique mechanism and you're and your method so it's not specifically about because in your when you're not sending to a page just talking about the FM chord lesson. Right.

I can't I can't just be like they look for this and then I go, you know the best way to learn guitar. Can I can do I mean you can't but typically we found we find that they don't work the best because they they're searching for something reward related to FM chord lesson. And if they add doesn't say something around FM chord lesson, and then they go to a page does mention fkm chord lesson. There's a big disconnect versus we can we can overcome that disconnect really quickly in a YouTube ad Right. Yeah.

Okay, let me okay now and I understand what you're saying. And so also everything that's not related. How what kind of how do you control the aperture of your video on your camera? You have you mean the the The Blurred background or blurred background. Yeah.

Oh it's a special lens that has autofocus and then it just blurs out the background. It's called a bokeh lens. It's like a sigma Sigma bokeh lens. And is there you recording from an actual camera when you yeah, it's it's an actual. It's an actual DSL or camera.

Yeah. Got you. Got you. Okay, because I'm trying to figure out how to do that in like there's like this aperture ad but it's not working. So, okay.

All right, cool. So I mean like I leave the Google ads alone, I guess for now if you know or I mean unless like say like they like what if you any data on the search terms that for like people who are searching learn guitar or play guitar and stuff like that. Have to well. I know we were using those those are crowded though, right if I say learning guitar like you have like all these ever ads like it's already like four ads, you know, I feel like that's probably gonna be very expensive to put my absolutely so like if if I did Google ads I would need to just find like keywords that nobody's retargeting. Well, not that nobody's targeting but keywords were there maybe?

like a better opportunity to Target, like look the reality is the F code the FM whatever it is FM course what I was called, I mean like you could certainly try redirecting them based on that spend and like it's it's it can be a little bit more difficult because they see an ad and it's not exactly related to what they searched. It's kind of related because you don't you're saying learn guitar, but I don't know. I found it difficult to make to make that work. But you know, if you wanted to give it a shot where they go one to do that. I would need to just create like some kind of article on F minor.

No. No, I mean, like what I said is like if you want to use that keyword and Target them to your vsl or Target gym to your sales page you could try it, but it's like it's I don't know if it'll get the results that you want because it's it's like you're sending they're searching for FM guitar chord easy and then We're not sending them to a page that has that honors, right and here on YouTube. We're just targeting people that have searched this before. Right. Well, they're searching yet.

They're searching it as well. So I mean look the reality is that there's you can do it if you want. I I don't know how well it performed because it's it's a it's not the ideal strategy. Got you. Well, we'll just keep things simple and just YouTube for now, I guess and test this next funnel and see if the shorter.

So we raise the price to 47 by the way, just to let you know. Good. Um Michael was saying like not not more than that because in my space like not that many people like 47 is about as high as they go for front end, you know. Yeah, unless you're doing like some crazy thing where it's a call funnel, you know and stuff like that. So, all right, cool.

Thank you so much. Okay. Bye.
