---
title: "Media Buying 2021-11-22 20:01:33"
date: 2021-11-22
duration: 42m
duration_seconds: 2545
vimeo_id: 648765653
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-11-22 20:01:33

**Date:** 2021-11-22 | **Duration:** 42m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. You are Sergio, right? Yes, yes. You're getting some amazing results with your ads, I see.

Yes, it appears so, but it's a little frightened because that's not normal. Yeah, I know your question is, if I spend $750 and I got $7560, if I spend $1,500, will I get $15,000? And the main answer is we don't know. I mean, it's not always like that, but a great start. Fantastic start.

But I think this is not the campaign that I'm working with Michael yet. Today, I was talking with him and they said to talk with you, no problem. So, because what happens is that I have my team, I make a quiz and after the quiz, people answer and then I try to sell the workshop that we do. But I can't track because they don't all pay in ClickFunnels. They call to our company, talk with our team and then we make the business.

But when I made this training at Don Brown, I talk with Steve. That's the process. But I don't know if all the sales is from the campaigns. That's what I think that it's making wrong tomorrow. We'll see better if the sales are new clients or old clients.

But I wanted to talk with someone that is experienced in that. Because what I'm thinking to do is that making the double, for me, it's not a problem to apply 1,500. How will you say in English? 1,500? 1,500.

1,500. And see what happens. In December, it's not the best month and we have a problem. We have a problem with Facebook because our account was hacked. Yes.

And Facebook already said that they will give me the money. It's someone that gets inside our campaigns and they delete our campaigns and make a loan campaign. And we just saw because my guy, Rafael, was making a new campaign and they see a strange pixel that it wasn't ours. And then he discovered that. And even then, when you switch the campaign off, they have an automatism to open again.

If that happens. It's crazy. Wow. I never heard of that. Yes.

And even Facebook, we were about three weeks without Facebook saying us to wait. And I was saying, okay, I can't wait more. I have a business to run. I have to make sales. And so, what they authorize us to do is use the pixel, but create a new account.

So, I'm having trouble to do new campaigns and all of that. And even so, I think, but you can say to me, I think it's not, things will not run the same way. It's the Facebook will be more lazy, like we say. Well, it's like, I mean, you've gotten, you've got roughly like a 10 to 1 ratio so far with your ads. So, like you, for every $1 you've spent, you've generated $10 back.

And that's, that's extremely, extremely good. And to get that continuously, who knows, maybe the offer is that good and maybe that's, it's working that well. But the, it's more likely that it will start to come down a bit. But it all depends on how much opportunity there is for the offer and how many people you want to reach as well. So, because, can you tell me a little bit about the offer?

Because it's in, obviously, it's, it's not in English, so I can't. Yes, it's in Portugal. Yes, it's, it's, we are, we make, we sell micro cement that is the cement finish that you see in hotels and backgrounds from people in YouTube. We do that product. And we, to catch the suppliers, we do training because it's a very trendy product.

Everyone wants to know how it is and people are earning some, some money with that. And it's more pay, they earn more than in other products. So, we, the first step of the ladder is selling them the training. And they, we have an offer with 150 euros. The videos are very good, by the way.

Yes. Thank you. So, and they, they are paying us for getting 150 euros and then these clients can, can, can, we can sell to them 5,000 to 100,000 euros in a year. Of course, there are a lot of them that don't buy more, it's, that's normal, but that's the process. So, we, we, we try to, to catch them.

What I'm doing with Michael Drummond, it's making a workshop online to catch people from other countries, like, because we are, like, we, we produce the product and in Portugal prices are lower. So, we have a very competitive price from markets in France and Ireland and, and all of these countries. And is this, so are you selling directly to businesses or are you selling, selling to individuals or, or who? I'm selling directly to business that make the product, that apply the product to, to, to contractors, not so great contractors, but little contractors, that painters, especially painters and people that do, and demands. I don't know with that, with the enterprise, of course.

So, do you want to, let's have a look at it, if you, if you want to, if you want to share your screen and we can have a look at your, your ad campaign and just see what kind of opportunity there is. And, and like, because the, I mean, great start. So, let's see if we can continue this and hopefully it wasn't, you know, hopefully we can continue those results or at least a percentage of those results. So, I mean, if, if, if you, if you were getting, if you're getting half as good as those results, it'd be, even that'd be a massive win. Yes.

Yes, of course. Let me see, because I have three. Okay. I can, if you can let me share. I think it's, it's, okay.

So, it's, this is the, the page. Oh, it's not open. So, if you open up your, the Facebook ads manager. Yes, this is a business Facebook. And if you, there should be, we can't see because it's in Portuguese, but there, if you go to business.facebook.com forward slash ads manager, or you, maybe you should see, people should see it there.

I don't know if it is here. How will you, I, how can I write? No, it's not here. Seated, seated. The, can I request control here for a sec?

I'll see if I, my Portuguese is any good. I don't think it is, but I might be able to look at the, the actual. So, and look in the, because this is my team that does this, this part of the work. So, I just requested remote control access there. Okay.

Can you, can you approve that on your side? Okay. Fantastic. I don't know that, didn't know that with Zoom we can do this. Okay.

It's approved. There we go. So, I should be able to. Go here. Okay.

Just set it away. Okay. So. Can you work? What we do is, I'll try it there again.

Oh, no, I can't. Yeah. Okay. So, let me see. No, it's not.

Let me have it for some reason. Because I have, can you, can you send me, because I have here a notification from,
can you do that same, again? Yeah, I'll do it again. One sec. Yeah.

I'm with a MacBook and, yes, the, it appears, notifications to go to accessibility. I don't know how it is. Let me see if I can. Yes. No, it's not let me control it.

No, I am, I am here. I think now you can do it. Okay, let me see. Oh, yes. Here we go.

Okay. Okay. I think this is the, the old account that I have. I will change the account, so that's fine. Because I don't know what, what the new account is.

It can be the middle account, maybe. I have to see. Because, no, that was not. Can you see that? Yes.

Yes. It's that. Is this one? This is, this is the new one that we have to, to, to do. If you want to see the old ones, but, um, it's in, in one.

But these, this is the ones where you've spent $7.50 and generated. No, no, no, this is in, you will have to see the other account. Do you know which one? The last, yeah. Nguyen Sweden.

Yes. This one? This one. Yes. Okay.

And these are the campaigns here, do you? Yes. You have here. Uh, let's see. This one?

Yes. I think it's not, uh, no, no, it's not, it's not that one. You can go to quiz to see if you've seen our workshops. You can go back. Uh, and, uh, here we are.

This one here, workshop? Yes. Yes. This is a, uh, I think. I don't think that's it either.

No, you have to go back. There are a lot. You can, I'm seeing here, workshop Instinto. Can you see? Because this one.

This one? Yes. We have the quiz. I think I have to have a quiz somewhere in Portugal. That's for Spain.

I have to have a quiz for Portugal. Okay. One second. You don't have the. I don't think this is the right ad account either, though.

Because this is the right account. Can I, I write here, quiz in here? Sorry. Yeah, you work your way there. See.

Quiz. Yes. I think this is the. The one. So how long ago, how long ago did you do that campaign?

So that was three months ago, was it? Yes. Three months. Yes. I, this, this, this numbers was for, for three months.

Then you can, you can see it. Okay. Is this one. Okay. So basically you had one campaign with one ad set.

And who are you targeting? I was, I was targeting people that work in construction. So let's have a look at your targeting here. Basically, I just want to see your targeting to see. Yes.

Yes. Yes. Okay. What kind of people we have. So located in Portugal.

Yes. And then five to 55. So these are all the. Painters, blasters, the people that works in, in, in your modeling, interesting paints. You can see.

No, I've gotten a fair idea. That's fine. This is the, the, the, the campaign that I have more. It's more, it's more, it's more, the leads that they have are more qualified. Yeah.

Okay. And you said that you got 266 leads. yes
and 51 of those bought
yes
that's very good
that's really really good
and then we have
the problem with Facebook
and it's done
yes and we'll begin
doing the other that you saw
and we don't have
an opt-in page
with a sales
page like
Todd Brown announces
and the copy that I make with Michael
when people get in
they don't have that
page to compel them
but what we have
it's a quiz
they answer some questions
and after that I can see
the kind of
the kind of persons that we have
and so all the sales were closed over the phone
is it? yes
yes
then we closed
the sales
from the phone
because
painters
in Portugal
are not
used to pay
in
credit card
we have some
clients
that do that
but
not all
we made
the next
yes
yes
do you know
how many
roughly
clients
or potential
customers you would have
in Portugal
say like
how many painters
how many contractors
how many
you know
how many people
in the population
would there be roughly
would there be
100,000
50,000
200,000
I don't know
but maybe it's like
because I never saw here
but I can
I think it can be
100,000
because
in every city in Portugal
they have 10
15
paint shops
so
if you look for that
so that's good
like see that's going to
dictate how
how
how well the campaigns
will go long term
is in how many people
are out there
and if we can
effectively reach them
so
yes
that's what's really
going to be key
but like you mentioned
at the beginning
another thing
that's going to be
really important
is
is getting
proper tracking
in place as well
so for when you're
speaking to these people
that you're properly
able to track
where they came from
and things like that
yes
so
like the
I don't know if you've been
on any of the tech calls
with Teddy
have you? no no
not yet
but he can definitely
help you with the
tracking side of things
in terms of being able
to track effectively
and things like that
so definitely
I think there's a
tech call on
maybe tomorrow
or Wednesday
and then there's one
on Friday
okay
to track
people
when are you going
turning these campaigns
on again?

you saw in the other
I don't know
if you
we are
we are putting
all
the new ones
are these
that you saw here
okay
we begin today
okay
this
this is
this one
is this one
how you can
where you can
open this
can you
yes
to have a look
yes
the sound is
great
and this brings
them to the quiz
page
yeah
let's have a look
this is asking
what is
is experience
with micro
micro assignment
and I don't know
the material
and
okay
and then
when you're
when someone puts
in your telephone
number
do you call
them back? yes
yes
of course
okay
you do
great
that is
that is
that is
I know
that
that is
is insane
but there are
a lot of
persons
that do
this work
and then
they don't
call back
them
yeah
exactly
that's
what I was
asking
but it's
good that
you do
I have
a team
to do
this
but there
are some
questions
that I have
to improve
to call
them
more
faster
because sometimes
we have a lot
and we have
after only
after 24
hours
and the other
day we call
back
but
we are
trying to
improve
that
if you
can set
up
notifications
to what
what we
have done
in the
past
is every
time
someone
like that
comes in
that we
need to
call
it sends
a notification
immediately
so that
everybody sees
it and
then the
person who's
in charge
of calling
has to
call
within
you know
five or
ten minutes
and then
it's like
yes
it's quick
and it's
instant
yes
because
I
what
other thing
I like
I don't
know how
to do
it
but maybe
it's
with your
colleague
tech
is
to have
a place
when people
can make
the
to schedule
their call
with us
like when
I do
that with
Teddy
will be able
to walk
you through
how all
that works
and how
all that
is set
up
so
we use
I think
there's a
particular
piece of
software
that we
use
to have
all of
that
and then
the call
is made
from that
and the
tracking
is made
from that
and it's
all in
one place
so
I can't
remember
the name
of it
but Teddy
has all
that info
yes
because that
can be
of course
it's better
to have
their number
and call
back
because
they can
arrange the
date and
don't appear
but it's
okay
other experience
that we
had
it's
with our
campaign
in Spain
we begin
to try
in Spain
and we
were trying
to fish
the bigger
players
of Spain
because in
Spain
there are
great
companies
that are
our
competition
and what
happens
was
interesting
is that
because
we have
only three
persons
from the
workshop
and the
three persons
one is
from Argentina
the other
from Cuba
and the other
from Venezuela
it's amazing
no one
was Spanish
did you
choose Spain
from the
countries
yeah
I don't
choose the
countries
I chose
painters
in Spain
and what
I could
sell
the tickets
to give
the trainees
this
but I think
that maybe
in the
campaigns
of Spain
this is
the kind
of niche
clients
that I
can have
more
because
they are
new in
the country
and they
want to
learn
new
products
to
do their
job
and
I think
that's
what Mark
was saying
to me
in the case
of Spain
is that
but
then I
have a
problem
with the
person
that was
working
with
Spain
because
he has
a disease
and I'm
waiting
to come
just to
finish
I have
one thing
that I
was saying
I was
saying
I wanted
to say
to you
something
but
I'm not
remembering
what
okay
but okay
and then
I
can
back
but okay
I will
I will
invest
more
I think
that's
what I
have to
see
invest
more
and see
what
happens
and I
hope
if this
could
happen
every
time
I know
what I
wanted to
say to
you
because
I have
these
numbers
in
three
months
but
I
have
some
workshops
that
they
aren't
full
I don't
sell
the
places
that's
one of
the
things
that
intrigues
me
because
I have
that
numbers
but I
have
workshops
that
I can
have
one
or
two
more
persons
in
the
training
so
I
don't
know
what
this
can
maybe
I
don't
know
if I
spent
more
or
see
so
you're
talking
about
so
you
have
other
workshops
that
aren't
full
and
you're
looking
to
fill
them
have
you
got
a
database
yes
yes
so
that
would
be
always
the
first
place
to
go
in
terms
of
if
you
need
to
fill
your
workshop
after
you've
spent
some
money
and
there's
some
spots
left
over
always
go to
your
database
first
because
obviously
you've
paid to
get
those
people
first
in
the
first
place
so
let's
see
if we
can
get
extra
value
from
those
people
and
then
you
can
always
look at
some
ad
campaigns
and
after
that
okay
if you
have
a
we
made
an
architecture
summit
three
months
ago
and
when
we
began
with
the
summit
in
the
first
weeks
it
was
for
free
and
then
they
will
become
paying
15
euros
and
then
30
euros
and
so
on
and
we
reach
a point
that
we
haven't
no one
was
paying
us
and
I
saw
what
I'm
going
to
do
it's
not
possible
and
then
I
begin
with
emails
for
these
database
people
that
I
have
and
things
begin
to
happen
and
then
I
remember
Russell
Bross
because
everybody
thinks
that
and
I
thought
that
is
in
the
campaigns
that
we
sell
but
it's
more
easier
to
sell
with
email
campaigns
than
with
campaigns
in
Facebook
so
I
think
now
that
Facebook
and
Instagram
are
good
to
have
leads
to
have
new
leads
but
then
we
have
to
work
with
them
with
the
emails
so
have
access
to
our
database
I
have
to
make
a
strategy
for
them
because
sometimes
have
you
got
access
to
our
training
campaign
cash
pops
I
think
yes
I
don't
know
it's
basically
it's
a
they're
done
for
you
email
templates
and
email
campaigns
if you
don't
if you
reach out
to
Michael
he'll
give
you
access
I
mean
as
a
coaching
member
you'll
get
access
there's
no
problem
there
so
what's
the
name
of
the
I'll
stick
it
into
the
chat
here
for
you
okay
let me
see
because
I'm
with
two
miniatures
okay
campaign
if you
just ask
Michael
for access
to that
if you
don't
have
already
and
inside
of
that
then
there's
training
but
there's
also
done
for
you
email
campaigns
okay
and
there's
one
in
there
there's
like
I think
there's
maybe
12
altogether
but
there's
one
that
could
work
really
well
for
you
it's
a
four
or
five
day
promotional
one
and
if
you
wanted
to
fill
your
workshop
you
could
use
one
of
those
and
it
could
work
quite
well
okay
very
well
thank
you
no
problem
okay
thank
you it
was
fantastic
I think
it was
I have
the courage
that I
needed
it's
not
and
make sure
you help
out with
Teddy as
well about
the tracking
and stuff
like that
he'll definitely
help you
with the
tracking
okay
thank you
when you
were speaking
about tracking
is it
tracking
about
the
people
that
get in
our
training
yeah
so he
can help
you with
tracking
in terms
of
when
say
you
get
someone
from
Facebook
or
you
get
someone
from
your
website
or
from
your
email
he'll
be
able
to
and
then
you
speak
to
him
on
the
phone
and
you
close
them
on
your
on
your
training
he
can
help
you
get
tracking
in
place
so
you'll
know
where
that
person
comes
from
when
you're
speaking
to
him
so
you
have
it
set
up
in
the
beginning
so
that
when
you
speak
to
that
person
you
know
exactly
where
they're
coming
from
so
you
know
whether
it
was
Facebook
or
your
email
or
website
or
referral
or
whichever
okay
okay
okay
thank
you
thank
you
bye
bye
bye
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
