---
title: "Media Buying 2021-11-04 15:57:05"
date: 2021-11-04
duration: 1h 37m
duration_seconds: 5864
vimeo_id: 642422101
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-11-04 15:57:05

**Date:** 2021-11-04 | **Duration:** 1h 37m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Just getting some clothes on, Josh McNeese presentable, yeah? Run Zoom call. I think you need to be on some other coaching call.

Oh, geez, great. We're supposed to see that. Right. Hey, I had a shirt on underneath. We're good.

Yeah. Tanked up. I'll volunteer to go first because I think it's going to be quick for me today. Okay, Steve. Cool.

I met with Teddy yesterday. Yeah. And he was just as dumbfounded as I was about why things weren't working, but nobody else
really was on the call, so we had time. So we went and got away from doing, so we went and got away from doing embedding the tags from
Google ads, and we actually went to Tag Manager. So we were able to go through the majority of the pages that matter, the landing pages, the thank you pages, the purchase page, and all that stuff.

And pull out the Google ad tags and put in the Tag Manager code. So we're now running the tracking and conversions are all coming from Google Tag Manager, which is great because at least they tested and seem to be working as well, but don't have a whole lot of data. Or new data there to actually look at. And yesterday's conversions haven't all come through yet. So I don't have a whole lot to talk about.

We did get a sale yesterday, but it was before I did that work. Okay. Well, that's good. I mean, Teddy's a beast when it comes to Antoinette, so it's good to have him in your pocket. I mean, Tag Manager can be daunting, but it's good to have Teddy there to bring you through it.

Yeah, he helped me with the major ones. I'm going to go back in and do some of the follow-up response things on my own. And then I told him I'd see him tomorrow if I had questions. But we were watching analytics and the Tag Manager as we did our own tests of going to stuff. And we saw the activity.

So it appears like it's working. Yeah, so things are firing. So that's good. Yeah. So now we just need another sale.

I wish the yesterday sale would have come afterwards so that we would see it. But it didn't. I'm still happy to have the sale. Yeah, of course. But it was weird because we actually got into it.

And he's like, OK, so it says last time this tag was seen was today. And he's like, I don't know. Was that a sale tag? Yes. Yesterday's sale tag.

He's like, OK, it looks. It says the tag was fired today. But if you go to all the counts, it wasn't there. And yeah, I don't know. But anyway, that, you know, our overall, yeah, I don't have a lot to talk about other than that.

So it's been consistent as far as, I think, viewing and conversions and stuff that we've been looking at. But yesterday, the 10 or 15 people that we had, when I looked at it right before I got on with Teddy, 100% of the people had watched 24 minutes of it yesterday. I'm like, look at this. And, you know, so I mean, it's great. I mean, like, yeah, in all of your videos, from the ads to the actual sales video and everything else, like the engagement is really good.

So it's testament to not only the scripting that she'd done, but also in, you know, in James delivering it as well. So that's really good. Yeah. So we just got to get them to cross that line. But OK.

Anyway, so Monday, I should have more info and actual data. And in essence, I'll talk to you then. Sounds good. Oh, and I do. I'm sorry.

I do have one other thing. I did do the retargeting. OK, brilliant. So that is, it is running. There hasn't been a lot of spend on it, but it is set up.

And what we could also do as well is, and because you'd set it up after the fact, so obviously you've had a number of leads. Now, the sales page visitors, there's not a whole lot we can do about those. But the number of leads that have not converted, we could definitely take, export those from Kartra and upload them into Google. And we have a custom list then as well. Because at this stage, would you have generated over, you would have generated over a thousand leads at this stage?

Oh, yeah. We're approaching two, I think. Yeah, so then we can upload them in because we need a minimum of a thousand. And so we can upload them into Google and work with those. So, and that would be the Gmail target, right?

We could do Gmail, but we should be able to do the other ones as well if we've over a thousand, I think. Yeah, so it basically just like we're uploading the lead list. It will exclude all customers, so just the leads. And we can run the retargeting ads to them as well. Okay, can we just queue up?

We'll plan to do that on Monday. Yeah, we can do that together on Monday, yeah. There's no problem. Okay, awesome. I'll get the list ready and have it ready.

Perfect. Now, uploading into Google, there may be a little bit of to-ing and fro-ing because sometimes it's normally just a CSV file, but they want it in a certain way. So if you just export the cartridge into CSV, then we may need to go back and forth and take out some fields when we're uploading, but that's fine. Okay, I'll do that and I'll do it with Monday mornings. Yeah, so we have like super fresh data, yeah.

Exactly. Okay, perfect. Awesome. Cheers, Steve. Okay.

Chief Fan, have you any questions? I don't think you've been on the call before. Hello. I'm just Joyce. I'm the newbie of awesome Peter Eric team.

Oh, brilliant. Okay. Yeah, so today we got the first day of virtual event and sorry, I cannot turn on my video because I'm kind of busy now. That's okay. I was actually, I was speaking at the event earlier on this morning.

Yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know. But I still want to jump into today's coaching because I don't want to miss any chance to learn. So, yeah. So if you have any questions as we're going through, I mean, we can certainly, if you think of Anton, we can certainly dive in. Yes, so I do have a question because, you know, we focus on Norway and Denmark market.

So we have a problem that we actually, this market is quite limited, you know. So I've been running in few audience segments. One is business, like for those who are the owner of small business. And second audience is people who are interested in marketing, digital marketing. Yeah.

But it seems like this segment is kind of get, I mean, we cannot get more expensive of this market. So what is your advice for us to? My advice, because your offer and Peter and her, you know, Peter's offer is essentially for people that want to learn how to, you know, to build some income online and to expand out what they're currently doing online. So it's not just business owners that you deal with, or is it just business owners? Okay.

Because if it's, because like you could have an opportunity because obviously when you, when you, you have your Norway and your Denmark market, and obviously the population of those is quite small, say comparison to say the US. So like the market, the market size is quite smaller, but when you layer on targeting like digital marketing or business owners, you're making that small market even smaller again. So like that can get very limited very quickly. So what it could be worth testing is, is having no, no targeting. So just have your Norway and your Denmark, choose your age range, choose your gender.

If you're, if you're gender specific and just have open targeting and like test open targeting versus the, the other, the, the, the layer targeting. And because it's, you will open it up now, not everybody's going to be qualified specifically, but then with the open and targeting, you, you should be able to reach more people and Facebook's algorithm, the pixel will, will get to work that little bit harder for you because you have that wide open targeting. Sure. Okay. Does that, does that make sense?

Yes, I do. I do understand. I, the problem is Peter, my boss. So the, the, the, the other week, just last week we, we received three lists and the sale, uh, uh, contact them and they are three refugees with, uh, no money living. So Peter kind of, uh, uh, unhappy with this, these lists.

So like, I do understand that in, within a, a segment,
a market that you. And are your, are your ads, are your ads in, um, in Norwegian or in English or, or Danish or Danish and Norwegian? In, uh, in English. They're in English. Okay.

So, and have you targeted, so say when you're targeting, are you targeting Norway and Denmark separately in different campaigns or are they in the same campaign? Uh, actually we have a separated campaign and actually we do separated. But, uh, we do have both English and Norway languages. So what you could do is that if you wanted to eliminate those bad leads, like, like you said that you had three, you said three refugees, is it? Yes.

So what you could do, so say you could, obviously those refugees, well, I don't want to say obvious, but I would hazard a guess that they don't speak Norwegian, nor do they speak Danish. They probably speak, so they, so you could layer in. So when you, if you're doing broad targeting and for your Norwegian, Norwegian language, or even if you're doing English, you could target the language, those who speak Norwegian. So obviously you would eliminate any kind of really base layer of, um, of those, anybody who doesn't speak Norwegian. So then they won't even see your ad.

So they won't even engage with it. And you might just increase the quality of your leads. Okay. Yeah. I might try it out.

I see. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your advice. Hey, Josh.

Keep the, keep the t-shirt on now while we're on the zoom call. Oh, okay. Thank goodness. Tried to come off again. So, yeah, I got your submission.

So you ran into a couple of issues with Facebook, um, finally got it, um, proved, but, um, 53 clicks, no, no book calls yet. That's the stats. Anything, um, anything since then? Um, let's just look at the stats here. Um, do you want to share your screen?

I'm sure you will look at the Facebook side of things and then we will, um,
a hundred percent, a hundred percent. All right. Okay. Refresh. Yeah.

I, I mean, the, the cost per click looks amazing, obviously. I mean, you know, we can make that work all day long. So, um, I've been setting the budget at a hundred. It didn't even go to a hundred yesterday. Um, I mean, like it is really the campaign that's just got going.

I mean, I'd like to give it usually from a Facebook point of view, usually like two or three days to kind of, to see any kind of signs of life, but, um, it is quite early. So, but I mean, like from a CPC point of view, yeah, it does, it does look great. So, so can I just request access or request control? Of course. Okay.

So I got the two days here as the, uh, um, filter. So, okay. You can see. Oh boy, man, this is a, this is a tricky one. I didn't think it was going to be as tricky.

I'll be honest. I thought this was going to be a little bit easier. Facebook's never easy. I mean, Facebook, just getting people to fill in their information, but maybe they're 65 years old. They're just so skeptical.

They're too skeptical. You know, I don't know. I changed you. I changed to a square video. Um, so, I mean, we should probably check out the landing page.

Cause I made just a slight adjustment last night. Honestly, the only thing I think, I think there's a couple of things I can think of, of reasons why, but, um. Okay. So no comments. I just wanted to double check.

Was there any kind of nasty comments or anything like that? Yeah, there was, I deleted it. It was like, oh, I got served this three times, you know, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, just someone whining about seeing it three times, but I just deleted that. But, uh, yeah.

Okay. So let's have a look at our actual stats. Cost per link, $1.3 or $1.30. Great. Click-through rate, 2.65%.

Fantastic. Click-through rate on the ad itself, 6%. So that, like, that's really good as well. But even if you compare this click-through rate to the 2.65, it's, it's essentially telling you that roughly,
when I load the ad here, first of all, let's go to the top. So when I load this ad here, roughly, um, roughly half of the people that start watching the video
are clicking and going over to the page, which is really good.

Yeah. Because if we say, like, look, 6%, it is nearly, like, a little bit less than half. It's nearly 3% here. So that's really, really good. Um, everything, what's our watch rate?

Like, just to manage, look at the watch rate. Okay, so then, so 47 people, so 47 people started watching the video up to 25%, but then 7% watched
it all the way through. Again, that's, I mean, we're still very early days, I mean, but, like, that's really strong. Like, that's, that's telling you that roughly, roughly 20% of the people, maybe, like, 15%
of the people are watching all of the video, which is fantastic. Yeah, okay, I mean, I mean, that's, it's good.

Now, the only, the only thing that we need to, you know, nail is the actual page itself. So let's click from the ad. Exactly. Now, that was a demo, so don't worry, you won't get charged at 1.30. Sure.

Um, so are you turning 65? You should have questions about Medicare. Let me share some post-it suppliers, everything. Let me just see which pound is right for you. So we're going to overpaying something you don't need.

Let me just pull that out. Yeah, I can tell you that middle section there, like, above that little line, you know,
I changed that, if you scroll up. Let me scroll up. Can you scroll up there? This right here.

This used to say, what did it used to say? It was, like, curious how to find the best plan that's right for you. Oh, sorry. Just looking at this now, and given the low opt-in rate, and the, even from a YouTube point
of view, when you were doing it, can you just make that bigger again there and won't let
me do it? Mm-hmm.

Yep. So let me do it all that. Yep. You got it. Even mobile or desktop.

I go, I think I'd, I think I'd remove the image and tweak this headline. Just looking at it now, it's like, they're a little bit out of, they're a little bit
dysfunctional in terms of the objective. Like, it's, like, this is the, I want to share a process that simplifies everything. A process for what? I mean, a process for making cookies.

Exactly. A process for, you know. We're talking about it in the video, right. This process helps see which plan is right for you, so you aren't overpaying for something
you don't need. Which, what plan?

I mean, what plan are we talking about here? So, I mean, obviously we're saying you have questions about Medicare, but again, like,
they, we have to, we can't underestimate the task at hand in terms of what we're trying
to do. So, but I would make it, I would go strong on the, like, heavily on the benefits of getting
the best Medicare plan for them, and maybe a case of, let's do a little bit of a brainstorm
on this, so let's see. Yeah, yeah. We'll just, we'll ignore this middle part in a minute, so are you trying to survive?

You should have questions about Medicare. Leave that for the time being. Yep. This image and this headline, this is where I'd want to work on. The rest of it is likely okay, but I think this bit here is, it's just very vague and
very general, and it, like, this could be used for anything, it could be used for selling
cookies, it could be used for a product, it could be used for a business, like, it's
like, it's just very, very vague.

So, let's see what we can do to, to make it a lot more specific for the people that
we want to help, and for what we want to help them with. So, obviously, it's going to be something along the lines of, oh, what did you do? Yep, I'm sorry. You're up. Go ahead.

Something along the lines of the, finding the best Medicare plan for you, but I think
the angle of, because on the thank you page, you do have the, the three biggest mistakes,
right? Or the three biggest pitfalls, or something like that, that people. You mean what they click through? You mean once they land on the page? Yeah, once they submit their information below, and the next page, yes, I do have that.

Yeah, so I would take that angle, so you turn 65, you should have questions about Medicare. And then, like, have a big benefit-driven headline of how to find the best Medicare plan for you,
and the three pitfalls that you absolutely must avoid. Avoid. Okay. Something along the lines of that.

Okay. Um, okay. Now, I have this on record, so I'll just, I'll come back and I'll do it. So, I'm just thinking, man, would it be worth to do a split test? I mean...

Well, no, set it up as a split test. Don't just change this, set it as a split test. Oh, okay. I was just thinking, a split, use that as the control, what you just said, and then a
split test off of that, you know, using a completely different... Well, I mean, like, we don't want to do that, because then we're assuming that what
I just said there is going to beat this.

It mightn't. I mean, I would, like, I would hazard a guess that it should, but I don't want to
hang my hat on it and say it will. So, initially, what we'll do, like, to do a true split test, we'll keep this as
the control for now, create a split test with what I said, test them off each
other for, you know, 100 to 200 clicks, and then, then if mine is beating it,
well, then now we know my new, my, the split test is now the new control version. And then we can set up the secondary split test. Okay.

Um, now, that's good. That's good. I mean, as we're brainstorming here, can I just share, I mean, from what all my
research and examination led to, like, yes, they're concerned about the pitfalls. I think that's really good. Um, now...

Well, like, what, so from your research, what do they really want? I mean, what's, what do they want? So, it's tough, because, um, some, so, like, the, most of the people that,
Renee has talked to, and, and some of my research that I've done from online, and actually talking
to some people, um, they want a plan that, so, they want a plan that they know, that they
feel confident is right for them. So, I think we're on the right track for that. Um, but, I guess...

Are they looking for, like, are they looking, because we're saying the best Medicare plan,
are they looking for the best Medicare plan, are they looking for the, the, the Medicare
plan, the lowest cost Medicare plan, are they looking for the, the best value Medicare plan,
like, what, so, when, so, something that they feel confidence in, like, what's, what does
that mean? How can we drill down and be a little bit more specific? So, is there any phrases that people have been using, any, any words that they've been
using, any specific outcomes related to that, that they've been saying, and things that
they, that they want, so that we can hone in on, and, um, and see exactly, versus just
saying best Medicare plan, because it's, like, even that in itself is quite vague. General, exactly. Um, I mean, let me tell you this really quick story.

So, like, um, there's this one guy I talked to in person, he just signed up for Medicare,
but I was talking to him regardless, and I asked him about his experience, and he's
like, um, I was like, so, you know, how'd you get signed up? And he's like, well, you know, I just kind of, I was busy with, you know, my business and
life and stuff, and I know that, you know, maybe that's different across the board, because
some 65-year-olds aren't doing anything, they're just retired, you know, um, but this
guy was busy, and so he's like, well, I was just kind of putting it off and putting
it off. Um, and so I knew he needed to get it handled, so I called up this insurance company, and
I talked to them, and, you know, and then I talked to a different insurance company,
I was just, you know, um, and I was getting different piecemeal information, and then,
um, you know, I was thinking, you know, I just kind of want to go with, like, the cheapest
plan, and I think that's common, and then, um, and so he's like, you know, but then I talked
to a friend of mine, and she's like, no, you want to, you know, you have, you have some
extra funds, you should really get this coverage, because this person had gaps in their coverage,
um, and so he ended up doing that, and of course, you know, he's like, well, I'm good
now, I feel, you know, they just want to put it behind them, honestly, the biggest benefit
is they want to get it done right, and they want to put it behind them, um, and, and feel
good about it, so they don't have to think about it anymore, and just move on with their
life, because it's like one of those things you don't really want to deal with, but you have
to, okay, um, I'm kind of getting a feel for things now, so it's more like, um, it's,
it's more like a hindrance to them having to get it sorted, they're, they keep putting
it off, and then they're not sure if what their, their plan is signing up for is even
the right plan for them in the first place, so, like, we can, like, we can speak to that
in our copy, in terms of, like, some phrasing might be to how you can take the headaches
and confusion out of Medicare, take away the headaches and confusion of Medicare and sign up
for the best plan for you, I mean, like, that's, like, if they have, that may be a better
angle, because it's, like, it's speaking to, it's like, oh, I know I've got this freaking
thing done, but I don't even know where to start, and I'm getting bombarded, and it's
just a, it's just a pain in my backside, and I'd rather not have to do with it, but I know
what to do, it's like headaches and confusion, headaches and frustration, maybe even headed,
maybe they're not confused about it, maybe they're frustrated with other headaches and
headaches and how to eliminate the headaches and frustration with Medicare and sign up for the
best plan for you, I mean, that could be the angle right there, I, that sounds, that sounds
excellent, actually, um, okay, so go with that one, split test that one against what we've
currently got, okay, and then once we, so do you want to, hold on, I'll just type it up
into the chat, so you have it, so you don't have to go back, oh, don't worry, I always like
going back, but now there's so many recordings, it's like, shoot, which one was that one? Oh, man, you know, it'd be a really great value, well, I'll let you type this, and I'll say it. I can only do one thing at a time.

Yeah, well, you do it. I can't, that's where, yeah. And it's my usual. So, what's, um, your brother-in-law's name again? Renee.

Renee. So she's, she does this call for free, right? Yep. So then, like, it could be free, how to eliminate the headaches and frustration with Medicare and
sign up for the best plan for you. Everybody loves free.

Yeah. So just put that into the chat there. Boom. Oh, that's sweet. Eliminate the image, eliminate the, um, the little copy underneath, and.

Nice. Okay, cool. That's that. I'm going to do that, um, and just make it all the same, um, style. Make it, like, this, the, share your screen again there.

Yep. Do you know what we'll do? Because we have quite a small group here today. Um, open up your click phones and we'll just, we'll just get this bad boy knocked out now. Well, cool.

Perfect. You know, I was just going to say as a value add, what would be really crazy is to take all these coaching calls,
have someone go through and take a bunch of notes and organize it and put it together. There is, um, I'm, I'm pretty sure Teddy has this in place, but there is a, the search function takes into account the recording. So you can search inside of the coaches portal and it'll show, um, now I may be off on that,
but there should be some sort of a search. It may be.

Yeah. I'll have to double check it. Maybe within the recording section, but I know he implemented something where you can search some recordings for things. And it was like the, the search engine pulls in from the, um, the actual zoom recordings as well. Let's see.

Coaching calls. Let's see if there's a search option. Uh, I don't see any. I'll message Teddy after this and I'll double check where it is,
but I know he talked about this. He was super excited.

He was like, there's a way that you can search the zoom record recordings. It's going to be really helpful for people. So I'll see where we are with getting that implemented because obviously that could be huge. That could be huge. I mean, Todd talked about that actually a long time ago.

I remember he's like, well, we got the search function thing. We can search all of our stuff. I think he's probably talking about the thing I just saw, but, um, but yeah,
searching the recordings would be insane. Okay. So let's just quick.

Um, Oh, I'm sorry. So we're going to. I'm going to create a variation. What did you do? I clicked into it.

Oh,
trigger happy. I am. So I just want to see what this, um, yeah. Okay. So that hasn't been changed yet for some reason.

Let's do this now. Okay. So in your ads, are you driving directly to this? So you're driving to the dash for yourself page. Dash VSO slash VSO page.

Yeah. So that's fine. So like I'm changing the, the URL of this to VSO dash page dash C. So you know that this is the control. Cause this, um, the other page was like W the goop opt in, blah, blah, blah.

And it's just really confusing. So then when I create a variation, we're going to create a variation from the opt in. Yep. Um, and we're just going to change this to, so that what it is here now, this opt in slash, blah, blah, blah. It's going to change this to dash V.

So now we have a control and we have a variation. Right. So then we'll have to go into this page. And if you have any form stuff to capture their details, you'll just have to embed it into this page. I'll let you do that yourself.

But I just want to do a bit of formatting of the headline. Okay. Everything should be ready to go with the form. So. No, but not when you do, when you duplicate the page, you'll have to do it again.

So it's done on the other one, but it's not done on this one. Um, okay. So, let's see. Um, can you just copy the, the copy from the chat? Yeah.

There you go. There you go. Yeah. I just, I just, we need to look at this. Sometimes click funnels doesn't, um, change things.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can. So.

So, you might have to go in afterwards and just change that to, um, something that's like, uh, the gray is a little bit bland. I like the black. Okay. I might just change. Yeah.

I can get that going. We should check out the mobile version too. But on mobile, it's going to be different because you have mobile versions and desktop versions, so I'm going to just get rid of these all together. Yeah. Right.

And then we can duplicate that one and then make a mobile copy or something, or just change it to all. There you go. Two. Yeah. What do you think the next frustration with Medicare and get the best?

So you have your phone, Derek? Yeah. So, yeah, because that's a custom thing. So, you know, because ClickFunnels, they don't let you do this forum thing unless you get an email address. Yeah.

So I had to figure that out. There you go. Boom. Okay. Yeah.

All right. I'll drive the traffic. I'll be interested to see. I think we're on the right track, though, for sure. So now, next question.

From an ad point of view, I mean, the ads are looking really solid. So, I mean, if we can get the results up on the actual landing page, that would be fantastic. Oh, my gosh. For $1.30 a click, I mean, the other one was averaging $2.20 or $2.40, something like that, on YouTube. So, cost per click is looking really good.

Now, I know we got Jeremy here, but just a couple other things about the psoriasis stuff, if you want to do that, if you can do that. Yeah. Just quickly, I want to see if Jeremy is any. Yeah. Jeremy, have you any questions written?

Nope. Pretty good. Just listening in. That's my Jeremy. I thought it was another Jeremy.

No, Jeremy. What's going on, guys? What's up, man? Jeremy, you're welcome. Jeremy, if Jeremy has any questions, I'll answer them with Jeremy afterwards.

Okay, so do you want to look at your psoriasis stuff, then? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I do. Peter usually joins pretty late as well, so he'll probably hop on a while, but we can look at your stuff now. I'll get rid of this. Let's just see how that turns out.

So, all right. So, you know how last time you said the domain name psoriasis no more was great? Well, I was wrong on that. That was taken. Um, so I know that, obviously, we're not...

That's because I bought it just afterwards. No, I didn't. You're my biggest competition. Um, so, so here's what we've got. Um, but, um...

I'll tell you which one I like the most. Um, you know, we can still go to psoriasisfreedom.org. Freeofpsoriasis.com is not terrible. Um, remove psoriasis, crush psoriasis. Done with psoriasis.

Can you share your screen so we can actually see them? Oh, wow. I'm sorry. Yep. Thank you.

Um, so confused here. All right. Um, so all of these are free. All of these are available. Available.

Yep. Um, so, um, I'll tell you which one I like the most. So just let me look through them first. Yeah, you go look through them first. Scroll down.

Um, that was the last one. Last one. Okay, so which ones are your favorite? I think it's either, it's either free of psoriasis. It's either done with psoriasis or beat my psoriasis.

I think beat my psoriasis is probably my favorite. My, uh, my mom's favorite. My wife's favorite is that one too, but. Let me see. I'm just going to open up, um, here as well.

I mean, like one thing to bear in mind for everybody,
not just you, Josh, is that when it comes to your domain name,
it doesn't have to be like a deal breaker. It's like, it's at the end of the day, it's just a URL where you're sending people. Obviously, if it's a URL that when people see it, that they say, oh,
they can kind of get what this is going to be about. That's a, that can be a good thing. But I get, at the end of the day, people aren't going to make a decision whether to click or not,
whether to buy or not based on what the domain is.

But it's, it is nice to have a good and strong domain that, that illustrates what you're going
to be talking about and illustrates what your, what your offer is about and everything else. But I just want to click, check one thing. So, uh. Because, yeah, I mean, obviously there, I can do more options if I want to go .org or .info. So, you know, I would try, like, I would, like .org, .info, I'd probably stick,
I would stick with .com if you can.

You could, okay, all right. Um, have you tried anything around, like, the more, the general, like, the, the more general
skin conditions more so than just the psoriasis, no? Um, I haven't tried any domain names outside of something with psoriasis. Okay, well, just let me see in a sec. Okay, so psoriasis solution is taken.

Okay. But their psoriasis solution isn't taken. The psoriasis solution? Hmm. That's a little bit wordy.

Not opposed to it. Um, crush psoriasis, I mean, it's like, it's a strong verb that you're going to crush it,
but is that what someone wants? Do they want their psoriasis crushed? I mean, they don't, but they want to beat it. They want to beat this disease.

I have. Well, then I can beat, then beat my psoriasis.com. There we go. You like it. What about, what about just beat psoriasis?

That was taken. Unfortunately. Okay. Yeah. What good thought.

Um, or if it's not taken, it's like a thousand bucks or something like that. I'm not going to pay. I mean, what you could do, like, like the, my top process around, around that was, is
that if I really like beats psoriasis.com, well, let me go with beat my psoriasis.com
until I make money to buy the other domain. Yeah, true. So you don't have to buy it immediately, but like, I mean, if you say yourself, you make
a thousand sales or whatever, over the course of whatever time period, well then, I mean,
like you're going to have a lot of extra capital to, so you can go and buy it as an investment
in the business.

Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Okay.

So we'll go with that one. Uh, yeah. I like beat my psoriasis. Like it's when someone looks at in your ad and it's either domain, beat my psoriasis,
that's, they're going to be saying that to themselves. Yes.

I want to beat my psoriasis. So yeah, it's, it's, um, it's really good. Cool. Okay. Thank you.

Um, let me just go and just bought it. I'll send it to you for a $2,000. Oh no. Oh no. Um, Oh, last time, um, you mentioned, um, generating profitable products was something
that Tom, Todd did.

Um, now I didn't, I couldn't find that one in either of the E5 portals. I did find the product creation module had five lessons and I found that in the E5 coaching
portal. Um, is that the one you're referencing? Well, did you go through that product creation module? I did.

I did. I went through all the lessons. Yeah. Okay. There was another one.

It wasn't generating profitable products. I think it was engineering profitable products. Oh, okay. Let me just search. And I don't think, I don't think it was in the portal.

It was in, it was, uh, it was done a little bit, um, before let me see. Engineering profitable products. I don't think it was, maybe, um, I'll search completely. I'll just check our library as well. So, so, so, so.

Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Okay. I'm sticking this in the chat for everybody. So this is a two-hour training on engineering profitable products. And yeah, this is incredible. Yes.

Yes. Thank you for that. So fun. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Can't wait. Can't wait. That's great. I will be checking into that.

Next one. You remember a while ago, we were talking about the booking sequence you guys use for... And we just haven't gotten time to go through... Referrals. Yeah.

You said it was like super quick or easy or something like that. Well, the process of me explaining it is super easy, but then the actual implementation of
it is a little bit different. Yeah. So essentially, and this actually came up in a meeting that we had with our... We had an ask us anything there yesterday.

But essentially with the referrals, it was like the question was asked was what's the best way to get them? And the easiest answer is to have a system for getting them. And so it's not random. It's not ad hoc. And when we talk about referrals, we're not talking about, you know, a referral for someone to go buy a book or a referral for someone to go get a digital product or something like that.

But it's more for a referral, like a professional services referral. So that's like, this is specific to, for those who are doing, so say like Renee, say that's like her getting a referral is completely different than you telling me, oh, John, you should really go and read this book. It's like, it's completely different. The dynamic is different and the approach to it should be completely different as well. So the referral system that I want to talk about is specific to like a professional services referral.

Is that what you're looking for? I mean, yeah, I mean, selling Medicare is a professional service. Yeah. So, so it's perfectly. So basically the easiest answer is that I have a, before I was with Todd and before I was with MFA and everything else, one of the digital courses that I created was on, well, it was actually a done with done for you type thing.

So I created a done for you referral system. So I'll just give you access to that. There's a bit of a training. Then there's like done for you referral, um, sheets that can be, there's a done for you referral direct mail campaign. There's a done for you referral, um, poster campaign and stuff like that.

And you can just tweak it. They're all in Photoshop. So you can tweak them, edit them and just use them as is perfect. Yeah. Told you it was an easy answer.

Yeah. That is easy. Um, yeah, of course. So grateful for that. The big, the big team referrals is, is when you ask for who you're asking and when you ask for it, obviously who you're asking is going to be your existing clients and customers.

But then when you ask for it will determine the, um, the success or failure of those referrals. So say for example, if you ask someone six years after they've done business with you, Hey, have you any referrals for me? It's kind of like, who are you again? Right. Versus if you ask at the point of happiness.

So the point of happiness is always the best time to ask for a referral. The point of happiness is always the best time to ask for anything, but specifically for a referral. It's like after, after someone has signed up for an amazing Medicare plan, they've got the best plan for them. They're absolutely thrilled. They're singing your praises.

They're like, Oh, thanks so much, Renee. That was incredible. I was, I was putting this off for so long because I was so confused with the whole process, but I'm just so grateful that you've helped me do it. It's out of the way. Now I can relax, blah, blah, blah.

They're at that point of happiness that, that they're absolutely, you know, they're, they're absolutely, um, thrilled. Yeah. Yeah. So we can, that's the best time to ask. Okay.

So for the reason my camera's knocked off. Yeah. Yeah. So John, if I can chime in with that, um, as part of the, the treat follow-up sequence that, uh, I put together based on, uh, Todd's, uh, whatever the,
Yep. I don't remember what, which, which course it came from, but it was the treat sequence.

Um, his very last, um, sorry, I'm off to the very last, uh, email after the last treat, um, or, or the third giveaway was, Oh, would you do me this favor? Um, you know, um, you know, fill out this form and then, Oh, by the way, you know, is there anybody, um, that you would recommend we work with? Right. So yeah, that's, that's a soft referral request. Um, would what you're talking about here be a good follow-up if people didn't do that or.

Um, the, the, the thing I'm talking about here is, um, it could be used there. Absolutely. Um, there's no reason why you couldn't, but it's more of a specific, um, okay. Like at point of happiness. So if I speak to someone and if you're like, it's, it's more, it works.

It could, it could certainly work to a point in your realm where you're not necessarily dealing with your customers, like on the phone or talking to them face to face. It's more of a, like a digital relationship, if you want to call it. Um, so it could work to some extent there. It, um, the treat sequence would obviously work better because it's for you. It's going to be more about generating a testimonial and social proof versus a referral.

Like a referral could come into play, but in professional services where you're dealing with the client on an ongoing basis, like we're either talking on zoom or we're talking face to face, we're talking over the phone. Then it works a lot better because it's more specific to them and where they're at. And it's like, it's something that I used to physically, it's something that was physically sent out as it could be physically sent out in direct mail, or it could be physically, you know, handed to someone if you were meeting them face to face. So while it could work in your scenario, um, it probably would be that the effort that it would take to put it in, even though I've made it as easy as possible, it probably wouldn't be best use of time. Okay.

But it might actually work for our BLT, the virtual launch customers, the, our, our customer clients. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.

If you, if there is like for those kinds of clients where it's, there's a little bit more of an intimate relationship, that's where it works really well. Yeah. But it's essentially like when you boil it down, when you boil it down, it's like, it's meeting them at their point of happiness and giving them the opportunity to refer. It's not like that they have to refer, but it's just making it easier, easy for them to refer. Cool.

So I get them, I'll dig out access to that. It's, um, the, the video may be a little bit dated because it was recorded a few years ago, but the content is as evergreen as possible. That's awesome. Yeah. So, um, you just email it to us or how, how did we get that?

Um, let me see if I can just actually get the Dropbox link right now. Perfect. Man. Let's see. It was called a strategic referral machine.

If I remember correctly. Oh, there we go. That's a good name too. Mm-hmm. So.

So. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll just share the whole folder. So there, it used to be all together, but I'll just share the folder and I actually, I may have to get the video separately, but I can share the folder with you anyways.

Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. And have attitude.

I mean, go, go out. If you like it, you like it and use it. But if you don't, I mean, don't let me know. Just say you did. I'm making it.

If you don't lie to me. If you don't lie to me. Yeah. I'll smoke. Here you go.

No. There we go. So like the video isn't in there, but the, the, I have the, the, the actual workbook and everything else covers everything in the video as well. Okay. So you'll get the video or something to us.

I'll try and, I'll try and dig out the video. I should have it in Vimeo or somewhere like that. Anyway. Okay. Cool.

If not, like you have more than enough in that Dropbox folder to get going. That's where all the templates and everything else are as well. Perfect. Thank you. Um, one more real quick thing.

Um, I was, while I was thinking, so I have all, let me just share my screen one more time. I know I'm hopping around here, but appreciate that. Um, going back to psoriasis. So remember we talked about like, you know, going through the Facebook stuff and seeing all the stuff that they want, you know, and putting that into your offer. You know what I mean?

Um, I mean, I've come up with tons of things that they want, you know, like, what can they, you know, how can you diminish the itch? Um, how to soothe the pain, you know, when it's drying correctly, how to, you know, get rid of stuff. If it's on your scalp, what type of bath salts work? Um, what type of natural moisturizers work? What type of supplements should we do?

What should we use on your, okay, that's the scalp. Um, how do you prepare? Um, you know, what should I do with the scales, pick them off? What sugar, what type of sugars are good? Um, uh, you know, what triggers your psoriasis?

Um, you know, and I'm thinking, you know, what are some good things to look for and stay away from to improve the skin? Okay. That's quick. I moisturize your stuff. Um, you know, I mean, I'm just coming up with tons of stuff, but like, how do I know when's enough enough?

I guess I kind of have this problem of just like going overboard and like, I mean, so it's like this mirror, this like this, what you have here to me is a perfect bonus to go along with the main program. So it's like the, the, the FAQ cheat sheet, FAQ psoriasis cheat sheet, which covers quick and simple things that you can do to help alleviate your, your itchiness, your, your scalp, you're ready to have good readiness. If you have what kind of products to use, any questions that you have, you have about alleviating the pain you have with your psoriasis is likely covered in this cheat sheet and you get it for free when you sign up for the beat my psoriasis program today. Okay. So this is a, this could be like a bonus to obviously not delivered like this.

You know, we put it into a nice document. We'll put, you know, get it nicely designed up or whatever. Um, but like that, this sounds like it could be a great cheat sheet. Cause like some people will get by the program, but then they want to, they want to know something they can do fast. And they might dive into this cheat sheet and say, okay, what can I do for my, uh, um, for my scalp?

Is there any certain shampoos I should be looking to do? And then boom, they can go to that question and say, Oh yeah, get this shampoo. You might have a link to it on Amazon. And then if you set up your Amazon affiliate and if they go to buy it on Amazon, you get the affiliate commissions. So that's, that's cool as well.

That's true. Right. I can do that. Yeah. Okay.

So put that all together, compile it. Um, yeah. And like, think of this as a bonus. This is a value add to your main program. And then like, it doesn't have to, you don't have to have 672 things in there.

If you have like what is roughly what 30 or 14 there, that's fine. Cover the most, the ones that keep cropping up. And then as you think of more, like one of the things you're going to be giving them is,
you know, um, lifetime updates or whatever you call it. So as you think of more and use, as you add to this, you can let people know. It's like, Oh, I've added six more, um, of those, um, things to the cheat sheet.

Go check them out now. And like, as you add, you can continually add to it. But think of, think of the first version of you releasing this as the first version. There's going to be iterations. You're going to be improving it as you learn more and do more with the thing.

So don't, don't try and have the perfect offer at the beginning, have an offer that people want,
but that, you know, that you're always going to be looking to improve it as well. Don't let perfection get in the way of launch. Got it. Got it. Okay.

All right. Sounds good. Um, okay. All right. I'm, um, and so would you call your product?

So the website is beat my psoriasis, but would you call like when they, um, you know,
when you finally introduce your product, that's going to be with that. That also would the product be beat, beat your psoriasis or beat my psoriasis? It could be like the, the beats, beats, beat my psoriasis kit or something like that. So if it's going to include lots of different things, so it's going to include like the,
a main manual, a recipe kit, a, like the, this cheat sheet, the, you know, the, um, the,
the two, the email coaching calls or whatever, or the email coaching things like that. This is a whole, it could be beat my psoriasis bundle.

I mean, I like the word bundle. It, it, it signifies more than just one thing. It signifies getting a deal. It signifies, um, um, value and all those things go, go well in the, in the naming of
something as well. So they can beat my psoriasis bundle could be the, could be the perfect name for it.

Mm-hmm. I like it. Okay. All right. Thanks, man.

It's great. All right. We'll talk Monday. I'm going to share results of Medicare and see what other juicy things I can dig up for
questions. You get working on that beat my psoriasis bundle.

Go on to it right now. Go on. Signing off. Thanks guys. Later.

Hey, Peter. Hey. How are you? Oh, I had my, uh, water pump fail over the weekend. So I spent about 20 hours fixing that.

Oh, lovely. Um, did, did you happen to get your VSL record? No. Um, she's game for it. I haven't, um, gotten her on track with that yet.

Um, but I did, uh, work on the fascia course and finally got that out. And we got a sale. That sounds like life. Yeah. Brilliant.

That was quick. That was a quick turnaround. Yeah. Um, I had this. So I want to ask you about this experience.

Um, I had done a court, my first info product of a friend of mine. That's a marriage therapist had a marriage communication course. And, um, we put it out for 27 bucks just to test at first. And I got three sales of first day and then nothing. And, um, so I don't know.

So I don't know. I mean, I've, I've, I've, and I've had this a couple of times too, and I've relaunched
it. I get a couple of quick bites and then it, and then it, um,
drops out. So were those sales, were the, were the sales from paid traffic or were the sales organically
from say like her, her, her target audience or her warm market or friends, family type
thing? Uh, you mean the fashion?

It was like the marriage one. So you said you made three quick sales and then nothing. Yeah, no, there was, there was completely to Facebook. It was, he, he has no presence online and, um, that was completely cold. And then it was at the same with this, um, this fashion course.

Uh, that's a good question. I, I wouldn't think so. This is a lady in Wisconsin, so it's at least not local to her. She's in Minneapolis. Um, so, okay.

So your, your, your thought process here is, did they have preexisting knowledge somehow? Well, no, no, I'm just, just, just wondering what, like, was sometimes like when, when we
launch something brand new and you're, you're working with someone, sometimes like they,
they, they may like put up a post on their Facebook and that we think that the sales are
coming in from somewhere else, but they're actually there, you know, they're coming in from,
you know, they're coming in from, from somewhere else. So, so like, if that's not the case, that's not the case. Well, then what we need to do is we just need to drill in and see if there's an issue. There may not be an issue.

Like if the campaign's only gone live, I mean, you know, expecting a lot of sales out of the
gate is not always the case. I mean, it's great when it happens, but it's not always the case, but getting, getting an
initial sale is always positive. So that, that's definitely a good thing. So, but I'm just wondering, is that a, is that a pattern that you see of, of quick? Not really.

I mean, sometimes we do, we, you might see a pop, like generally, if we see a pattern like
that, it's like, it's because of the question I asked you, it's because maybe there's a warm
market somewhere that I've got wind that this is out and they want it. And they want it. So say for example, when we launched Todd's book, there's, there was a lot of people crying
out for the E5 method book for a long time. So when we first launched it, Facebook found warm buyers very, very quickly. So we had a, like a ridiculous conversion rate for the first couple of weeks where like
we were getting a conversion rate of, I don't know, something like 16, 17% from, from click
to sale.

So like that was so high, but then, then that obviously tapered off and like it leveled off at
about six to 7%. So still quite good, but you know, it was nowhere near the original and we were, we knew that
there was going to be a time when it was going to drop off, but like a, I just, that's generally
where you might see a pop and then a little bit of a leveling off. But generally speaking, it's, it's, it's not the case. Okay. That's good to know.

So the other thing that's weird is yes. It's up to the point of the sale yesterday. I had 10 views at $2 a piece. And this, it, the purchase didn't register, but the add to cart is, is also the purchase. So it seems like, you know, since then it's tanked.

So it's any, but I mean, it's, it is like, it's only been running two days. So it's, it's a very, very early. Can you just change date range from November 1st to November 3rd, or just, just to yesterday. So yeah. Just do today.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Your landing page has gone up dramatically.

Yeah. The click-through rate has gone up dramatically as well compared to yesterday, but the, for
some reason today it's been, it's been horrible from a landing page view costs. So just do yesterday there. Curious about, so the CPM went up insane. Yeah.

So that's just to yesterday. Now again, Facebook is learning. So Facebook is like, maybe the reason why it's kind of fake is Facebook is just going
out to other pockets of markets, other pockets of interest. What's your targeting? Like what's the, the market size as in, in your ad set.

So just do edit. Something else I was going to say. Oh yeah. I uploaded the sale for, through the offline conversions deal, hoping it would,
could register in there, but it did not. So scroll down.

So have you got the expanded targeted click? They don't have that anymore. Really? No. I just noticed that.

I don't know if it, I haven't checked my old ones, but it basically says we're going
to do what we want to do. We're going to do it anyway. Yeah. Um, your input. Okay.

Well, that, that, that's brand new. That's strange. Okay. Yeah. You can exclude, you can exclude things, I guess, but, um, they know better than we do
apparently.

Well, these days, I mean, they, they do. I mean, if, if the reporting was as good as they thought they were targeting, I mean,
that'd be, um, maybe they should put more time into that, but like, if, uh, let's see. So let's see, so let's see, we have like a decent size or reach. Um, what size is that health and wellness audience? Roughly.

So just hover over to size not available. Okay. Uh, I showed it earlier. Um, I want to say 30 million. Okay.

So this is quite large. I mean, they, they, you shouldn't, I mean, the, okay, an audience size of 40, 41 to 45 million. Is quite large. Um, maybe we would like, I would like to drill down to audiences sizes a little bit smaller. Starting off, like say max, max 5 million and test, test those audiences.

But again, it is like, it is again, very early days. You've just one ad said, how many ads do you have? Just one ad as well. Just the one. So, I mean, like, I mean, you were just, you probably just got this going just to get
it going.

Yeah. Um, but like the, you know, it's, it's, let's have a look at the ad actually. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Bring up to page. and bring up the page. I do like the neck pain solution discovered in the more,
I must say. Scroll down. Keep going.

You can scroll as fast as you want. I feel like it is lacking pictures a bit, but. It's a little bit bland,
but I mean, it's a minimum viable photo. That's like, that's what we want to test. We want to test how we do.

Like we can always improve things
and getting a sale out of the gate is very positive. So. Tons of reviews. Yeah, I mean, like it's. It's.

I would be. The only thing I would do,
I keep an eye on my landing page view
over the next few days. And if it's still trending around that,
like today, it's like six, six dollars. I would. I'd say that dramatically come down
over the rest of the day.

I mean, it should do. It has to. Otherwise, we had like that. We're running into a major issue. Yeah.

But like one of the things to. That we can like. It's very early. So I would like to see this play out
over the next three, four days
over the, over the weekend
be a great test of it. So what kind of budget are you running?

50 a day. I'm just that one. 50 a day. Okay. Okay, so we had two.

Well, I guess that might not. That might be me. I was going to see if another person
went to card or not. Okay. Yeah.

I mean, let's get like,
we've had 60 people visit. Let's get. If we over the next between now
and one day if we can get to 150, 200,
then we'll know a little bit more. But yeah, kudos on getting it. Kudos on getting the initial sale.

Thanks. It is only, it's only 16 views. That 60 was all the like robots
that come when you first publish an ad. All right. Okay.

Okay. So then we're like,
so out of 16 visits,
you've got a sale. Yeah. That's. Well, that's,
that's just yesterday.

So that's include today as well. I mean,
brings us up to probably like 20 something. Is that? Oh,
2016 landing page. It was 21 link clicks.

Okay. Yeah. So,
I mean,
that's,
that's quite good. That's like,
uh,
that's about six,
7% conversion rate. So that's,
that's good.

Yeah. We'll see if it's noise or not. So then with,
uh,
Lela's I,
we had,
um,
done that survey based one. If ads are crap or whatever. And then I did a couple more.

With their own budgets. And none are doing too great. I mean,
they haven't had that much spend on them yet. 50 bucks each. Your survey one has pretty good.

Um,
well,
I call it the survey based one. That's the one where it's the question. Yeah. Um,
it started off even cheaper. It was a two bucks for a while,
but no,
um,
no,
no leads from that one.

Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
that's,
that'd be concerning. I mean,
good click through like,
let's,
can we have a look at that ad and then pull up the page and see if
there's any disconnect. I mean,
it may be there.

Let's click to see more. Well,
we have it there. Sorry. It may be the,
um,
the headline isn't congruent with the landing page. Cause we,
like we are seeing in the,
in the opening of the primary text,
why are all dating sites crap?

And then it may be that the headline that they see is focused around
why are all dating sites crap. So maybe we should have the headline focused around what we're,
we have on the landing page. And that could help me improve our results. Maybe like they,
even dead,
the tired of cycles of unsuccessful dating question mark click here. That could be a better headline.

But then is this,
does this primary text match with that then? No,
that like the primary text doesn't necessarily have to match with that. Cause they,
they call to action at the bottom,
um,
kind of bridges that gap. So you can keep the primary text,
just change the headline. Uh,
and say that again,
I'm sick of,
you know,
they go back to the landing page and just copy the first sentence.

I mean,
just after the question mark,
just put space and click here. what's your policy on the length of the headline. And
I like to,
if I can,
I'd like to have it fit all in one. How do you capitalize? Um,
what I would do is like tired of one success.

Oh,
I did two cycles of unsuccessful dates. Um,
tired of
back to,
go back to the page. Scroll down. It could be just like,
I like that called action. Find your Mr.

Right. So maybe change that. Like that's a good headline to use as well. So take out the tired of unsuccessful dating. Cause just find your,
find your Mr.

Right. So explain to me why we don't want the,
what's the concurrency relationship between the headline and the primary
text. What are we trying to go for there? So the,
the typically your headline is what's going to drive. We want our headline to be congruent to our landing page copy,
because that's what,
that's essentially what they're going to be clicking on either to learn more,
or they're going to click on the headline.

That's going to bring them over. Now the headline we were using was,
um,
why are all dating sites crap? And if someone clicks that headline,
why are all dating sites crap? When they go to the page,
there's nothing talking about why dating sites are all crap,
but we do have that in a primary text. So like that's,
um,
so we can still,
we can still keep it as the focus of our primary text and let the,
why are all dating sites crap transition into the,
if you're ready to find Mr.

Right. But in the headline,
someone's like,
they're like,
yeah,
why are all dating sites crap? And they click over and there's nothing to say that all dating sites are crap. Well,
then does that disconnect? If that makes sense.

Yeah. Now the headline,
I wouldn't just keep it,
find your Mr. Right. I would keep it. Um,
so I like find your Mr.

Right here. And then that little dash arrow dash arrow. Like when you make an arrow out of this. Yeah. I see.

Um,
I want to not. And then,
yeah,
there we go. Something like that,
which is more. So you want them to actually click it. Shoot.

How do I,
I don't want to change the old one and make a new one. Okay. But I'll do that. Is that also. So it's the way you haven't,
you haven't selected a demand that prioritizes your event for iOS 14.

Scroll down. Oh,
weird. Scroll down. Further. Yeah.

You have to choose that domain there. So select the domain. Is that the domain you're sending people to? Yeah. Yeah.

So choose that domain. Now you have selected the domain. That's okay. All right. That was dumb.

Yeah. Okay. So final story here. Everything else is the same. I'm going to discover everything.

All right. Um,
so I kind of thought the method was that we were looking at the surveys and
seeing when you said,
you know,
there's a bunch of good ideas here. How would I,
how would I turn them into headlines? I guess,
or you're not looking for headlines. The survey results can be turned into ads.

So actual ads. So not just headlines. I mean,
like,
cause headline headline on its own without,
without congruency on your page or whatever,
congruency on what happens afterwards. It's just a random headline. So like each of those survey results could be turned into ads.

So say like one of the ones was why we're all dating sites crap. That's one ad that you've created. There's other ones that could be. What do you mean the ads as well? But it's primarily informing the primary text,
right?

Yeah. Essentially it's like in your face from a Facebook point of view is coming
into your primary text. And obviously the image is congruent with that because it's like,
she's answering your question. Why are all dating sites crap? And then your call to action,
your call to action and your headline,
which is the find your misser right here.

That's that has to be congruent to your actual,
the page,
because when they go to the page,
if they,
if they click that,
like I said,
if they,
if they,
if it said,
why are all dating sites crap? And then they click on it. And it is nothing about why dating sites are crap. There's a massive disconnect,
which is likely why there's been zero leads. Yeah.

So where do you guys have more in depth ad creation training anywhere? I mean,
like in terms of like you,
you have all the information you need to create an ad. I mean,
just,
just think about it. Like the,
you have a number of different,
so say that the five frameworks that I like to use are the,
the toward pleasure,
the away from pain,
the logical one that introduces stats,
the testimonial based one,
which is,
you know,
this is Mary. Mary was sick and tired of,
of using dating sites and sick and tired of dealing with guys that,
that wouldn't accept her for who she was,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah.

She used to attract the vetting process and now she's married or whatever the
case is. And then you have the final one,
which is more of a direct call out. But I mean,
in terms of like the,
for,
if you wanted more frameworks for creating ads,
if you look at Todd's eight leads,
lead types,
a lead type,
you could write a lead. Just think of a lead as the ad. Cause the lead is the opening part of your marketing message.

So you could use those eight lead types to create,
to create variations of ads. But I think you're thinking too much about the ad creation process. The ad creation process is simply like,
what do your prospects want? And then how many different ways can you,
can you say or deliver a message that's going to get them excited about your
ability to give them that and get them excited about visiting a page. So you have lots of different ways you can do it from video to image.

You can like that one ad there with the,
with Lila talking with the wire all dating sites crap,
we can create five variations of that by having five different images or
changing five different headlines. So now we have 25 different variations. So it's not necessarily about coming up with the best framework. It's just about testing aggressively and,
and finding the ones that are going to give you the best results. Okay.

As an experiment,
I might turn all,
I might duplicate all these ads and put them to a traffic campaign and see
if the,
if the results are proportional to the conversion campaigns. Just personal test of it,
if that's a useful proxy for. Has he ever tested video ads? Nope. Nope.

Is Lila,
she's not adverse to doing videos. I mean,
she's open to doing videos,
right? Yeah. She's more comfortable. I'm talking to people than talking to a camera.

Well,
if I mean,
she's talking to a camera,
just imagine she was talking to one person or talking to a group of
people. I mean,
like that's the,
and it comes like it,
it does. For some people,
it comes a little bit more natural to others. It just feels like from seeing her,
from seeing her stuff and seeing her,
the,
the,
like,
like she could do quite well on camera. Where,
where would you go first for a video?

Like the first thing I would do is like not do a video ad. The first thing we'd do is we'd get that VSL record. Sure. Yep. And then like,
after that,
if I wanted to create some video ads,
I take your best performing ads and just turn them into videos.

Just start talking to text through. Yeah. Okay. Cause,
cause at the minute you're,
you're,
you're kind of limiting your results to one creative type,
the image ad. Whereas like the,
the,
like there are like,
even your image ad,
you're using the one image for all different placements.

Whereas the better strategy is to use placement specific creative. So like for your story ad uses,
like get an image,
create a specific for the story platform. So,
which is nine to 16 in a ratio. Yeah. There's some of them work cropped,
but I think,
yeah,
this one is a little bit wider.

So,
but even the ones that work cropped,
it's still not created natively for that. It's just being adapted to be a story. Whereas like a story,
if you think about it,
when someone's looking at a story on their phone,
it's like,
they have the ability to swipe up to visit your page,
but there's no call to action on your image right now for story for them to
swipe up. So then they don't know to swipe up. So like,
if you create it specifically for the actual,
but like,
that doesn't need to be done until you find like you're,
you're winning creatives in the first place.

Cause there's no point in creating creatives that,
that are not working on newsfeed that may work on story. So like bottom line,
in terms of priority of action steps,
it's VSL created. And then just like,
once you get to VSL created using your best creatives and then creating
variations of those to,
to get more people into the,
into the funnel. Yeah. That makes sense.

Before we go,
could you maybe tell me why you think these ones are not working well? These are the two I have. They're like $7. Click costs. How's your dating strategy working for you?

Can you come back and we'll have a,
we'll have a look at where they're being delivered. So come out and like,
cause it's not necessarily down to the actual ad. It could be down to maybe one placement is eating up all the budget and that
placement is horrible. So go to breakdown. and
go to by delivery and go to
just just to do placement.

Facebook data is so messed up at the minute. We can see here. See,
so it's gotta be this one,
right? Yeah. It looks like the mobile,
your mobile cost per link click is like three 64.

Yeah. Whereas the others,
I mean,
it's not even shown,
but for some reason,
but the others are bringing it up to four zero six,
which the majority of the traffic has come from the feed. We,
okay,
here we go. Impressions. And
right.

Let me see. Okay. Let me see. Okay. Let me see.

Let me see. Okay. Okay. Let me see. Okay.

Okay. Let me see. Okay. Let me see. Okay.

Now,
Okay. Okay. Let me see. So, let me see. Scroll back over.

Blink clicks. It's like, given the, given the, just to tell you a little bit about my rationale in terms of decision making, just turn off my video for some reason, it's not showing. When you look at your outbound click-through rate, and like, apart from one, they're quite good. I mean, they're not, they're not like bad. But when you look at the landing, the cost per landing page view, and your cost per thousand impressions, like the, some of them are a little bit high.

So, like the first one is quite high, 60-something, then we have like 54, and everything else. So, your landing page view cost is a function of your targeting, but also your page load speed. So, have you checked the page speed and everything else? Yeah, drop finals is supposed to be top, top of the line. That's one of the reasons why I chose it.

Every time I've tested, it's been like sub three. Okay, so, so, so we know page speed isn't the, isn't the, the, the problem. So, we may, let's, let's have a look at our targeting. So, go back to your, choose them, choose one of them there that's spent the most. Yeah, let's look at the one with the 63.52.

And are you using the same targeting for each, each ad set? I believe, yeah. I, I tightened it up a little bit. I, that could be, that could be part of the problem as well. So, you have all the ads using the one targeting option.

So, you may be cannibalizing your, your ability to get results because all your ads are competing with each other. And that doesn't happen if you have them all in the same ad set, right? Yeah, because Facebook will optimize for the best ad. I mean, but it's relatively small spend. There's millions of people.

Is that really? Well, it's like, I mean, there's millions of people, but you obviously can't reach millions of people when your, when your budget is that small. So, you're working off a budget of whatever it is a day. So, you can only reach a certain amount of people anyways. But when you have all your different ad sets competing with each other, Facebook is going to, you know, there will be some diminishing returns there.

So, it's like, I would say that if you take those ads and were to put them into the one ad set, which obviously, we don't take the ads that haven't performing, but take, say, the top three performing ones, put them into an ad set. I'd say you'd dramatically see your landing page view come down. Okay. And I can remember, remember the goal, the goal of putting them on in their own ad set was to see which ones will perform better. We can see, I mean, if you just, it's, it's early days in terms of results, but we can see that the first one, the third one.

And I mean, what did you do? I was going in, the reason why I split them off is because it kept, you know, only spending on one. So, I wasn't really getting, you know, I understand what you wanted to do, but I mean, you're doing it to make a decision. You're not doing it to leave it like this forever. Right.

Okay. So, let's make the decision if we have enough data to make the decision, which, I mean, like the landing page view, the landing page view on the top, the first two are quite bad. But if we look at the outbound click-through race, 1.56, the third one, 1.66, and I mean, but no leads. So, that's obviously a concern, which we've now fixed with the updated headline. And then the leads on the last one, I mean, you have 10 and you have seven.

I would, if I was looking at keeping Annie, it would probably be the, the, the bottom two and the, the first one. I'd like to see how the other one plays out with the new headline. And have them, have them in their standalone ad set. So, those three ads in one ad set. Is it in its own?

No. These are, these are, there's multiple ads in these. So, with this defective one, we have, you know. Okay. So, then, so, yeah.

So, now we need to do this data. So, go back to your ad set level there. So, when you told me you were going putting one ad into one, each ad set to test the ads. Sorry, that was just the, yeah, that was just the new three, these top three. These other two, these are the, this is a group of the previous winners.

And this one was a group of. Can you go back to your ad set level there for a sec? Yeah, that's what I'm at. So, within the, the first, the first ad set at the very top. Yep.

How many ads are in that? There's one ad, one ad, one ad. And then, I think there's five here and three here. Okay. So, click into the five one there.

Click into the ads. And scroll over. So, now you can see, like, now we're looking at, like, see, now it's a, it's a completely
different dynamic. So, you look at your, one of your ads has a lead cost of $163. Yeah.

You know, pending that being accurate, but. Well, it's spent the money. I mean, there might be more leads to this. So, okay. You need to verify how many leads you have then, obviously.

So, but your landing page view here is, you know, it's a little bit different. So, it's a little bit clearer. But, I mean, if it is a case that that client, you missed the right effectively, has spent. So, scroll across. How much is that actually spent?

The amount spent is here, $164. So, it has spent $164. Now, if it's spent $164 and only delivered one lead, like, that's an ad that we need to kill. Yeah. But just verify that it has actually first.

See, when we were looking at the ad sets, I thought each ad set had only one ad. Yeah. Sorry about that. Yeah. There's the two previous ones.

And then, because it was giving such an uneven spend, then I did individual ones for the ones after that. Yeah. So, I was comparing each ad set up each other when I should have kind of skipped the last. So, it's gotten five leads. So, $163 divided by five, roughly $35, which is still a lot worse than the other two.

I mean, you have one that's... Can you check that other one? The second last one? Just see how many that's gotten? So, this is what Hyros does for you automatically, right?

When I'm doing manually? Yeah. Nice. Yep. This one.

Just the one. Yep. Just one on that one. And check the third one there. Six.

Six. And Facebook is showing five? Yep. So, then your lead cost in that one is actually probably closer to something like $22 or $20 or something like that. Mm-hmm.

So, but even looking at that, I mean, the one that's $35 a lead, I mean, it's still probably one that you'd likely kill, right? Mm-hmm. So, let's look at the second last ad set, or sorry, the last ad set that has three ads in it. And these are the ones that, from the, you know, the first generation that were the best performing. Oh, 3%.

Wow, 3%. It's always the... Well, let's actually see, has it generated any leads? Because it's saying zero leads, but it may have generated leads. 22.

Okay, so that bottom one, this is actually 22 leads. So, that's going to bring it down to $12 a lead or so. Yeah, dramatically. So, like, it just shows you how crap Facebook is at reporting at the minute. Because we may have looked at that $28.

No, we're not keeping that. We kill it. And the reality is it could be quite good. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, none on that one.

None on that one. So, both those are... Most of the top two are none. And after spending how much? Well, only a little bit, yeah.

So, they've only got a few impressions. Because Facebook knows that the third one is working the best. So, that's where all the impressions are going right now. Mm-hmm. Still, but I still like this one.

And what I tried to do with the other one, I tried to get a little bit, to tweak this just a little bit and put the strategy in here. But keep it, for the most part, no, I forget. So, I mean, is that how you'd do it? If there's, you know, potentially, if there's one that's working well, you'd do something. If there's one that's potentially working well, this one is...

The one that's working well is a prime opportunity to create all the different variations of it. If you look at the stories and reels versions of this ad down there, it looks absolutely horrible. Mm-hmm. Go back to your preview. Go back to your ads manager where we were looking there a minute ago.

Yeah, it's lagging a bit. Yeah, see where it says stories and reels there? Like, look at that. It's just basically the image and a little bit of text underneath. It's like it's not optimized for stories at all.

Whereas we can create a version of this ad that is optimized for stories. And that's what I'd be looking at doing. Because, like, each placement has a different, not just a different kind of ratio in terms of the image or the video,
but also a different nuance to the actual text and to the headline and to what you can use. So, say, for example, with Instagram, you can use hashtags. So, you can tap into hashtags and you can tap into the various different things in an ad that you can't do if you just migrate the same one over.

So, we know that this one is working extremely well. So, let's recreate versions of this for all of the different placements. See, I think this one. So, this is the one. That's interesting.

So, the one we just turned off, that was the one where I just wanted to add effectively. I wanted to add a little bit of, like, a strategy edge to it. And I think adding that word is the only change that I made. No, what was it? Where is your Mr.

Right? Where is your Mr. Right? Then I have Find Your Mr. Right effectively.

Everything else is the same. Like, Where is Your Mr. Right is kind of like a, well, I don't know, let me find out. Versus Find Your Mr. Right effectively that specific for people who feel they're ready to find a Mr.

Right right now. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, the other big thing was to do the email follow-up. We talked about that.

We talked about the bio and stuff. But, anyway, yeah, that's an email, VSL video. Yeah, so, this is what you requested and then go into the kind of, like, the, that, who am I and why you should kind of listen type welcome email, right? Yep. Like the example that you shared last week.

Okay. Cool. I think that's good for now. Cheers, Peter. Thanks.

Good weekend. All right. All right. You too. You too.
