---
title: "Media Buying 2022-09-22 15:57:02"
date: 2022-09-22
duration: 1h 12m
duration_seconds: 4350
vimeo_id: 752638066
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Media Buying 2022-09-22 15:57:02

**Date:** 2022-09-22 | **Duration:** 1h 12m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey Christian, how's it going, man? Oh, hey, how's it going? Good going good. Hey, Jackie. How are you?

Hey Jackie. Hey Christian. Hey Hamza. How are we? Very very good.

How are you? Alright. Well, thank you. Nice who wants to go first Jackie you and you would message me beforehand. So we can you can search with you.

I know you want your Keen to and well, we'll all be gentlemen as well. Ladies first, right? Thank you so much. Thank you. And so I am and that's manager.

So I should in theory now what I'm doing, right but as always we don't know everything. So hence. The reason that I'm on the call just to absolutely check that I am not missing anything glaringly obvious whether you know, you're like just like go go Jackie or whether you're like try this so a bit of background. I'm doing my minimum viable funnel. It's a vsl funnel.

And just trying to validate the hooks. And everything else so in a nutshell John, I started opportunity traditional conversion ads. They really weren't doing so good. They were coming through really quite high and then I thought I'm gonna try the same audiences in the same creative with lead form ads and that seems to have kind of worked so far. So just just to collect us on lead format as in putting out the Forum on Facebook.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so I'll show you my spreadsheet. I appreciate that. This is nothing worse isn't it than someone's showing you a spreadsheet where you're like, that's not my spreadsheet and now you're asking me to understand that spreadsheet.

So I I hope you understand. I'm gonna hold I have a spreadsheet as well. It's obvious. This is my spreadsheet like yes, because you made it it's obvious. But when you look at someone else's spreadsheets, like holy language as long as we can see whatever data we need to see that that's all about well in theory I should hope you can so here we go.

So I've just been it's not been long. So I appreciate that. I might be super eager and you're like, just hold your horses Jackie. Okay. So walk me through this here.

So if we concentrate over here first of all. These are daily stats. These are the traditional conversion ads which I started with and if you can see the click-through rates were just rubbish and the cost per sign up was just really high and I got in total 23 actual sign-ups as manager said 14 but actually got 23, but even so, you know, the actual cost per sign up was still averaging kind of a you know around about so then the the actual cast per sign up based on the 23. Which number is that and like it's okay. It's that one.

Yes, 20 pounds 20 pounds per sign up. So that's just too much. It's just too much. and so then I kind of scoot and the landing page conversion was all over the shop as you can see there again the average 13% so I was like Let's just try lead forms. So then I moved over to lead form ads had them running concurrently for a while.

Now. I've just gone all in on lead formats. And as you can see here, I've had a total 56 with an average of like eight pounds per sign ups. It's practically half it. I know that there's a question about the quality would lead format.

So I'm fully aware of that and but also, you know the click through rates have been a lot more. Well, that should be an average. The click-through rate should have been a lot more healthy at times. They've been kind of over 1% So I suppose my concern is as far as looking at this with kind of like non-- if this someone presented me with this kind of data, my concern is that the click-through rates are low it on both. I really want that over 1% quite a bit over 1% consistently, so I'm thinking the creative probably needs to be switched up.

Try different hooks try different angles and Because the consumption doesn't take being seem to be too bad like for example here 56 from the lead formats. And then this is the number of people the number of hits not the number of people the number of hits. I've had through to the actual vsl page and I've split out the vsl pages so I can tell the difference. Okay, so 56 sign up and 41 hits to the actual video of the vsl. See maybe so out like before I'd like to dig into this data and the lead form data and the other data, but before we do.

The like this this is a great time just to kind of remind everybody that like when we're looking at diagnosing a problem. It's really important. It's completely and it's really crucial that we look at both sides of the coin as well. So right now we're just looking at the media side of the coin. So we also want to look at the the market excited coin as well as in.

How well the video is actually doing how like how well are often rate is converting gas like how well or what's the play rate on our video out of everybody who visits the page how many different money of those people get the order form? So then we could really diagnose the problem because yes while Lord local link literature rates on the conversion ads and low link picture rates on the media ads are definitely areas for improving from a media point of view. Sorry on the lead ads are definitely rooms for improving from the media point of view, but there may be a glaringly And on actually point on the marketing side that that were there were maybe a little bit blind to because we're we're so focused on the on the traffic side. So so if we could if you have that data on the marketing side or in regard to what happens Beyond this point, that's really so how do you get the data on the the opt-in rate the play rate of the vsl? And the the percentage of people who get to the order form from the yes, so a little bit of that so I'm embedding the video via at the moment.

So I actually do have it actually here. so if I so should be an endure analytics from you. Yeah, so if I go to I kind of started. And I start the ads. I can't remember.

I think I started them about a week ago. So if we just do that. then it looks like so it's getting roughly roughly a 30-ish percent clear it. Yeah, let's see. What's what's the thumbnail under DSL?

Can you pull up the page as well? Yeah. Yeah, just yeah. Sorry, let me just move my face out the way so constant problem. Isn't it?

Like with zoom you're like my face. Is it the way? Absolutely. So if you could take this sign up page John with the copy, then you need to go to the big man Todd because he wrote it. So this is not a problem critique in touch.

So that's right. So this is the landing page introducing hybrid traffic generation destructive New Way, watch this 60 Minute and I just did like a sped through version of it there just to get a bit of motion a bit of intrigue and it's literally got that I haven't got anything else on it. And so do we know what the option rate is in this? So that was when I was sending conversion traffic there that was the one that was coming in. Here at kind of like well to be honest.

I probably would take these numbers. So it's all over the place 13% and average but it's and for an 18 and 20 the 9 is Fickle. Yeah, and the what targeting are using in your in your assets, so it's the classic kind of like mostly female entrepreneur. It's like, you know a coach or course creator earlier on in their Journey. So maybe the first two to three years.

What are you using any specific targeting strategy in your ad say like are you just doing interest you do layering up interest with some local likes or what is it that you're doing? No, so I I haven't been using look alikes. I've not found them to be that reliable across other accounts and my own recently just so just interest you just interest. Yeah, and is it a stacked interest or just one interest in each adsitter or what is it stack? So I've grouped them.

So I've bulked them so that they're similar interests somewhat so like the gurus all together and then I've done one which is like a broad kind of FEMA entrepreneurship kind of audience. I've done one US and Canada one, which is UK and Ireland. So I've and how many ad sets are you doing? So I've done three four ad sets with I've also been doing it by a dynamic creative. Okay.

So you're not entirely sure. Okay, which creative is working the best thing? Well, I mean you can't do the breakdown and yeah, it's not it's it's very hidden Miss like yeah, Facebook's Facebook's reporting it. I don't when Facebook was really good at its reporting. It was it was very hit Miss and remind what I said at its point that I said, no, but okay.

So when you were running your conversion ads, the the option rate was pretty poor. So you switch to lead ads you seem to be getting obviously your lead class has gone dramatically down how so how are those leads actually so you said roughly Roughly what 807 sent to them are getting to the page. So if I look at yeah, so exactly so if I look at like the last three days that's a total of You know 40 people from leaders over the last three days of which 24 so over 50% of the 50. They've been 50% hits that's not individual people. So that's the only way I can do it because it's Squarespace.

So that could be done after we don't after unique. No, okay, and then out of those 24. What's been the engagement like on the video and how many people have hit the order form? And so that's the video is kind. I mean, you know and when I was showing you this earlier I was like God is this capturing both videos?

I think it is because if I've embedded the same if I've duplicated the replay page, it's exactly the same video exactly the same link so it should amalgamate the data into here shouldn't it? You should do. Yeah, I would guess so so this is kind of the consumption which doesn't seems a bit low. Yeah the that would Can you pull up the actual after I opt in what page I see? Yeah, sure.

So it's literally that that press play on the video that with some social proof and some more bits Bobs underneath and has there has been any hits today to the order form any sales. Yeah. Yeah. So over here on Thrive car. I can see clicks the check out total of 34.

And how many purchases none? Okay, so we've had Overall how many clicks that we how many opt-ins have we had? And 79 and 34 of those have gotten gone to check out so you win when I opt in the button as immediately there is it? So when you opt in you then go to this page and then that button is immediately there. Yeah, it's not a time leader.

It's just there. scroll down Okay. it looks like and this this is not necessarily related to the traffic because well, let's discuss the traffic for a second. So the traffic it looks like that. Me personally and this is just my personal opinion more so than that melts.

I am not a fan of the lead at the lead ads and because they just because of the variable of their opting in through Facebook and then they may or may not visit the page and then if they're not opening the emails, but then we just you know, we maybe what may look like a good cost per lead could actually end up being a really bad custody. So but that's not to say that this isn't the case here. But and if it's not let's let's just assume for for the minute that it's not the case that these these leads are actually engaging with your vsl and they are actually and get well dirt. We're not engaging with the vsl is another thing but they're getting to the vsl page. So if that's the case, well, then we may be okay with our lead cost because obviously with the price point of your offer.

You have a lot of flexibility in your praying what what you're willing to accept as a as an ideal cost per lead. You could potentially be able to make work the much higher cost per lead that you've been seeing which conversion ads but let's just assume for for the moment that our lead ads. Are they're doing okay? The cliche rate could be better what they're doing. Okay?

So then the bigger issues for me is what's happening when people get to the vsl page, it looks like they're maybe a lot of unqualified clicks going to the order form. So if we've had like 50% of the people clicking the order form they may be just clicking there because the buttons there and they're not even engaging with the video. Well, yes that we've about 26 28% play rate on the on the video, which is a little bit concerning where it usually be a lot higher for a lead that like if we were driving cold traffic to that page. We may be happy with it, you know 20 to 30% clear rate because a lot of people will leave but when we have to opt in first generally we kind of like to have our video players. To open the 60s maybe a little bit more.

It depends. Yeah, and it just looks like a lot of people they're not engaging with the video or they're just scrolling down. They may be making a decision based on seeing the price immediately same 777. That's that's too much for me. I'm out or maybe other people who just click the button because the cedar button and they don't even look at the content on the page.

Yeah. So what I probably doing it's early in terms of the amount of deity of God. Yeah, but I don't know what if you speak spoke to Todd about this or anything else, but yeah, I probably am With the V. I would probably keep everything else the same and the vsl page itself. I probably change change the thumbnail and have everything else blind.

So not appear until you wanted to appear because then you're going to get true data on your vsl. And you'll get a true picture of How It's performing because right now yeah the play rate being so low, maybe a function of that some people just want to scroll down and read what yeah. Yeah, and yeah good points and I think I'd probably go with a a more enticing thumbnail. So I keep that like the picture of you is fine. But what are probably do is do something like this sort of just show you an example here.

This is a terminal that we've used or a type of 10 terminal we've used it to With really strong results and it's like it's it's basically what a tods so that's complaints. Let me see here get it. here I'll pull it up and I'll share my screen with those. So if you imagine something like this. So your image in the background Jackie and then something like this is just that much more enticing that like, you know exactly what you want them to do.

So then when they when they opt in if they only see the video and they hit like the headline and a video and everything else is like it's hidden until a certain point in time. There's only one action that we want them to take and it's very very clear for them to take and I told me like this would probably see your your play rate just increase significantly to get more data on the vsl. Because remember what are mvf or goal is to just to get the just to see how our Hook is performing how our vsl is performing and everything else and fantastic if we hit a home run but we we more often than that, we'll find it. There's some breakages along the way and like for you at this early stage. We just want to get as much later as possible.

And I think the way of yourself page is set up right now. It's preventing you from getting that data and you're likely getting a lot of unqualified clicks, but from from an ad's point of view if you want to go back to that. And parsley, I'm not a fan of the lead ads, but they seem to be working okay for you, so I'd see how it plays out and and then like see if you can get the data with your lead ads and keep an eye on your open rates of your emails. If you I don't know if you even have any emails because because it's mvf but The delete ads themselves. Okay to creatives looks like the Click through rate could be improved.

But I think the bigger issue is on the actual vsl page itself. your music very telling us secretary. Sorry in regards to changing up the creative. Can we take a look at your creative? Sure, and I've I've sort of stayed stable with it right now.

And again, I think that probably that I might ditch Dynamic creative as well. Yeah, I'm personally not a fan of that the main reasons. I'm not a fan. Is that early on when? I'm just before I stepped into the director of marketing rule for Todd and there was a guy running ads and I think was about two weeks before I had started and he basically set up about 60 campaigns.

What about 350 creative done in Diana Dynamic creative and every single one of them was rejected all at once and the ad accounts were just blacklisted. So like I was starting off and I was like, oh, where's the ad account was like, oh actually we don't have to start a new one. He's like, okay lovely. So since then we've kind of just stayed away from it because we're you know, it's We've been burned with that and I find being able to see the data in in the yard itself that we're running. I just find out a little bit easier.

Yeah, I agree with you do it kind of the traditional like copy one image one copy one image 2. Do you split them out kind of that way when you pretty much yeah, I mean pretty much sometimes a little bit of variation, but pretty much we do that we're here. Yeah. Okay, so I've got one which is like it's all the same copy. I believe copy five and six.

Yes. It's copy five and six and then I got some with images and some with videos. So one of them some of them are just like this one of them's a video of me these ones are like Again, a sped up version of the vsl. You like so it's like this. And then another one with it kind of like off.

Off camera, very similar again it sort of sped up with again. I've been quite consistent with just keeping the same hooks keeping the same headline to yeah running page just using different kind of actual creative style. Okay, and and the two versions of that copy that I've got is, you know, your business needs to study Supply new customer you could hire and ask manager, but the good ones cost loves money DIY, but of course it takes time and effort ain't no one got time for that. You just want to add that you see a little bit like borrow one and that's what highway traffic generation is. All is about yelling at a yellow works.

If you've got all of these imagine a copy where I show you back and call whip out the best copying six years you've opted right on those which is what someone said and then it's like click below to learn more and then the next one's kind of more of a funny. Story based on Susie becomes an entrepreneur realized without new eyeballs on her office. Her business is slow going jumps into paid traffic finds it as confusing as chickens wearing trousers looks into hiring ass manager LM LMAO at their prices. Now what? Now Suzy discovers hybrid traffic generation, so I've got a couple of more.

copy coming and all the creators like in terms of It I love that. Company, I love bought the doors haven't seen the other ones but I love both of those but it is in terms of the actual creative or the old videos. No, so I've got ones here which are images. So just to show you some of the images. I've got like just picture of me doing that.

Like don't you like you went all out in terms of the the Creator side of things. These aren't mvf creators by any stretch it imaginations. Well, I've got the resources to do it John so why I've got a desire and I've got a copy right? So I wouldn't I you know, so which one of these are performing the best video versus image first of all, and then which one of whichever one is performing the best is Well, if we look at these all the lead forms, so if we're basing it on lead form. then for basing it on results.

More cost per result was 11 pounds. So that's not the best one. So potentially that one with the Emojis. On the videos. This is where it's annoying now because it does all the different crop variations.

Doesn't it? Yeah, that's that's one of the anointings about me when we do all of this but like we're good with the like we could talk about improve and to creative and you know, testing and like different headlines and stuff like that and slight variations of the things but I think I don't know if necessarily the the creative click to read isn't is really the main issue. Okay, I agree with you. It should be more it should be like one percent minimum and typically but it's like it is it's early days in this campaign and we can we can get it there. There's no issue there.

We can get your creatives to one percent and above. The bigger issue is I think is is what's happening when they're actually landing on yourself playing on video and the majority of people look like it looks like this obviously we can't tell we're certainly but it looks like the majority of people are clicking to the order form when they maybe have no business clicking there yet. They're not really too sure what they're clicking over on and that that would suggest that Any issues we have we can we can make those changes without necessarily touching our our actual ads at all. Yeah. Okay.

So here's what I'm going to do. I think I'll do is that you say change the replay page so that I haven't have to get code to do that, but I can do that. So it pops up at the money point. At the pitch point and maybe change thumbnail like the one later come now. Yeah, I'm giving I'll send you this link as an example.

So you have it. Well, thank you and then I think what I'll do is can persist with the lead formats. Let them go a bit longer than see what those numbers produce and then if that doesn't produce anything then I think that's slight validation for me that those lead formats are not good quality to go back to conversion and try and crack convert and we'll actually I'm cut well, I'm kind of inclined now talking to you that I'm like do I just want to crack conversion as because that is what I want. I want like around the reality is I mean for you for for this type of an offer. I mean, you're not need to like you can make 10 15 even $20 leads work because because of the way it's set up so I wouldn't necessarily like I'll be I'd be happy paying $50 a lead.

If I knew that one out of 10 one out of 20 and was closing into I say so like very true, you know, very true. We have to we have to look at we're not looking for the cheapest leads. We're looking for the best converting leads. So that's one to keep an eye out as well. Okay.

So I think in with that respect in that respect, then I'll do all the changes to the vsl page. I think I'll go back to conversion and split them out not Dynamic creative and then keep the kind of creative the same and just let them run now that we can see more and yeah, and then like you're giving each you'll be able to analyze each step and kind of yeah. No, is it this is it not this and yeah, so yeah. Perfect. Thank you John.

Thank you so much. Thank you for being patient. Thank you. And thank you Christian for that and chat. Yeah, just think gives you you wanna because I did it already.

So I was like might as well. Cheers Chris. I haven't. So handset so Christian who'd like to I'd like to go next who wants to be there. Good gentleman.

Hey, I mean John you and I met last week. I just have a quick update for you. Which Christian is that? Okay. Can I can I go yeah.

Okay. Awesome. So here I'll share my screen. Okay. So here's my spreadsheet.

Yours is much nicer Jackie, but listen colors all the fancy colors. Yeah. So so some good news and bad news. The good news is that we so we started our lead campaign exactly one week ago, right? So the numbers are phenomenal or were phenomenal up till a couple of days ago.

So the click-through rates are amazing and this is just a broken it down day by day. So bottom line is that we had and this is including Monday Tuesday and Wednesday, right? So Monday is when we turned off the third the the worst performing at set. So in total, we had 577 clicks you can see that's a big jump up. So you were right that it should gather more interest and views we go out for 405 landing page views in total and we got 57 opt-ins now this number coincides with the number of leads if I just if I just go back to where is this?

It says 53 minutes here since website leads, but it's showing 57 in total. Okay, however the opt-in percentage is still It's still yeah, it's still them. It'll be low what like a kind of a baseline threshold that we would like. I mean ideally I've been you know a 20% minimum. But again, this is this is the this is something to look at as well.

Like we said to Jackie that yeah, we're not looking for the the cheapest cost per lead. We're looking for the best converting if we can make 14% work fantastic if we can't it's an area for improvement so it but it does look a little bit under low side. So I know you've been working with Michael and increase in that but it looks like from a from an ad's point of view the ads are doing their their job quite. Well, that's and as long as you're getting the right people. What's the kicker 42 unique viewers in one week?

That's dub. That's more than what we had across the previous five weeks when we were running the purchase campaign. So we now have like 92 unique viewers, which is close to the hundred figure that we wanted to get to good. My only concern is that if you look at the last couple of days, we've had a very low number of clicks. Now what's changed in that time is on Monday.

I turned on Tuesday morning. I turned off the one ad set. So the one that was performing the poorest. Yeah. Yeah, so you can see like the lead cost per lead was 11 dollars and 16 cents whereas the other ones is half that and this is now after factoring in the two the two previous days where the performance was not really that good.

Now one thing I will say like in seven days the the frequency on the campaign is quite high for us like for a seven day period right like which means like how big are how big are the outside audience sizes? You can check. I would suggest that maybe they're well, I mean that they look. So you're show me the actual audience. Okay.

That's that one. Okay, maybe I'm for whatever reason Facebook seems to be just congregating the the ads to a certain and a certain potion portion of that bigger audience for some reason which is strange, but I'm the when we see dips over a couple of day days. I generally don't worry. Generally what we look at is we look at like a a tree day seven day 14 day and like a 30-day Trend to see where the kind of the trend lines that we've set like one or two days. I'm okay with dips over one or two days if that Trend continues over the next couple of days.

I'd be a little bit more concerned but I think that from a from an ad's point of view as long as the ads are congruent to what's on the landing page. The ads are doing their job the ads are doing like you're getting extremely strong and picture rates extremely even with the dip. They're still extremely strong. Your cost per lead is still very very good. It's very it's definitely in line with what we'd like to see and I definitely think the area movement is under landing page and I wouldn't be so concerned with the with a slight increase over a couple of days.

Okay, there was there was that like day yesterday one of them there was a spiking cost per lead and but the other one the other AD said that day was okay. I mean the day before it was a spike in that ads hit but the day before deodorants it was fantastic. So I wouldn't be so concerned with the slight dip in performance of the ads I think would better be more and Working on increasing is the the Optum rate and then as you get closer to those 100 views, you'll see you'll start to see. Okay, where's where's my drop-off points of my vsl? And it looks like they where you have 43.

If you go back to your tracking sheet like 43 and unique plays and only four finishes that's only 10% of the people getting to the end of the vsl. Which maybe okay, but it looks like it's The vsl man may need a little bit of massaging. And even before we get to 100 views. Yeah, so we so Michael and I talked about that yesterday and we're gonna work on that. So this is of the 48 views and the 42 unique viewers in the last Since we changed the ads this is what the curve looks like.

So, I mean it's a fairly gradual drop off the first time. The first I'd say what is a hover over today over your mouse over near the beginning? Say and just slowly move across. Keep going. So looks like the first three minutes or so if you like take your take your mouse off there.

And see where that like there's a it looks like in the first three minutes. It's like there's a steep decline. Like it's a rapid decline that people are dropping off nearly, you know, every every couple of seconds people are dropping off and then there's a levels off and then there's like a little bit of drop off and then it kind of levels off and then it's kind of steady but at the very very beginning which suggests that you know, your lead and the drop there's a major drop off and the lean Christian. I remember correctly you ran into similar issues with with your lead and initially that there was a major major drop offs and you would really work your lead a couple of times it looks like that maybe the area to work on but after that it looks okay, but from a media point of view. I if these were my numbers I'd be I'd be happy with Tom and like it's up to yourself.

You spend a little bit more get the hundred viewers. It looks like you could get them in the next couple of days and then like doing an analysis with Michael and Paul and and see what your next steps are there. But it's likely going to be some tweaks here vsl. That's what what's going to be needed because you know for like less than 10% roughly eight percent of people when you're finishing to be yourself. It's it's there's definitely a some breakage there that needs to be fixed and And like that, they've been remain action points, but from a media point of view, I think things are things are quite strong.

Yeah. I know that I I agree with that analysis. I mean we did change the headline on Monday with with Michael so I know he had sent over the forehead lines to you and then compliance wise they were good. So we went with this one. And when we did that on Monday that was that was the day our opt-in rate jumped to 17 and a half percent and that's the highest option rate we've had so I'm not sure if Facebook is doing its thing like being weird or whatever but like, you know, this this is the this was essentially the the day the same day like around 12 o'clock around the same time.

We changed the heading we changed the headline and then all of these options essentially came in afterwards some of them were there from before but then afterwards like seven and then five fourteen percent eleven percent, that's what you know, that's what got me worried and then we did talk about this. So now I'm working on fixing up the like basically we're changing the offer and the vsl a little bit and making the offer more more valuable. So, you know, hopefully in the next like week or so, I have that work done and the new BSL recorded and then we'll go from there. Okay? Yeah.

Okay. All right, so nothing to change in regards to the ads just Were running no, I think that I think they did the ads are still under quite strong. They're doing what they should be doing in terms of getting getting their people to the mvf. I think to change so we recommended was definitely the right change. It's going to get you the data a lot quicker, which is again what we want.

Yeah, and and like yeah work with Michael and tweaking the continue working on this page and continue working on the BSL and So last question quickly is that once we get the hundred a hundred views and then when we're working on changing the vsl. Do I just turn off the ads or do I just make yeah, you can there's no need to well any change has been made like again, we're looking for the data and while we're looking for that once we've got our data and we're analyzing that data and taking our next steps. There's no need to be to be spending money on ads unless you unless you really want to and I don't so you just like hey pause on a campaign level or you can pause and it can because once we make some iterations we will probably be setting up some fresh campaigns again based on what the best of what has worked previously not necessarily turning on campaigns right may turn on campaigns depending on what kind of changes we've met. But yeah, you can you can just hit pause. You don't need to delete that.

I just pause. Yeah right across the blue like this one here on the campaign and you're done. Okay. All right guys. Thank you very much.

Have a great day, and I'll see you guys next week. Thanks. Oh. Hey Christian. Hey, so.

Good, how are you? I'm good. So I I read your email and you know, I started talking about it with Paul and Michael. So right now we've thought where we did just just that's not really related. Yeah, I mean it is related.

But um, we're just basically trying to like finish off the offer to like the people that opted in, you know, because I have 200 leads or something. And so I think I'm yeah Paul I'd recommended doing some sort of. Some sort of a like a fire sale type thing to them. Yeah fire yourself. So this is what we're doing and it's expiring on Saturday and whatever and you know, like you said, we're probably gonna shorten the the marketing side of things.

And so we can get to the offer earlier like competitors and raise the price. So a question about that is like should we do both at the same time? Like the price and shortening the message or should we just do one at a time? And if we were like it how high we're gonna raise it. So like the the reality is Regardless of when you do it, it does look like at some stage you're going to need to change the price like based on the current economics that you're getting from from your YouTube like in terms of the how much is costing you for click.

How much is costing you the like you're Pretty much since the beginning of your campaigns. You've never really had a media issue. Like it's it's like they you're you've been you've been quite good in your videos and you've been like in obviously that the type of campaigns have been setting update. You've been quite strong at getting people to the funnel that the real issue has been in the what happens after that as in terms of the like the campaign and everything else, but right now, Based on the current economics to really to make this work. We are going to have to be looking at a at an increased.

Front-end price, obviously, they once you start to build out the like your bumps and your upsells and everything else in the backend that will change things because your aov will become you know much bigger thing than maybe we'll we'll be able to make up the bulk of whatever we're paying to acquire a customer in in our bump in our first upsell maybe in our second upsell of the cases. But right now we don't really have that luxury and I think that the $27 price point. I think it's I think it is a little bit low based on how our how the current economics of traffic overall right now. I mean the regardless of what anybody selling and what Niche like that $27 price point. It's a difficult one to make work unless you've got really strong bumps upsells and everything else which you may have but we don't have right now so as in terms of like whether to do that alongside making sure me personally I would because it's something we're gonna have to do anyways, so why why delays why why test out the new offer the lower price point and everything else I'd say in terms of where we go with the price and you'll probably talk to Michael and Paul and this Knowing that you're probably going to have bumps and upsells at some stage and that we're we're not looking to for the front-end price to to absorb all of our traffic costs.

So knowing that you are going to want to have all those other offers at some stage. I probably coming in and around the the forty seven dollar Mark in around there because that additional twenty dollars and knowing that you could potentially get an additional 50 60 dollars with with really strong bumps and upsells and stuff like that. That would give you like strong or economics. It won't it won't bring you to where you are right now in terms of what you're paying for a customer because it's obviously it's very inflated right now. I think it's in there what the 220 mark or something like that?

And over $100. Yeah. Yes. I'd like that. It's always going to be inflated when we're in this testing phases.

Like we're just testing phase is the most annoying phase because we're There's lots of back and forth. There's lots of testing there's lots of changing. There's lots of tweaking and everything else. It is the most annoying face of the process but it is the in the long run it's day. It's the it's the most crucial phase.

So but I would say it turns the price point I'd probably be jumping in and around the forty seven dollar Mark. I think any like possibly a little bit higher that maybe to the $67 Mark but it all depends on like obviously your Market. There's going to be a certain threshold that they're used to paying for things as well. So if all the other courses are in and around a certain price point, I mean not to say that you have to come in at that price point or lower but there's going to be a level of awareness of prices that your Market is going to be used to and well. Yeah, it's sometimes it can be good to to shock them with a higher price point but we don't want to go so high to alienate the people that that want to eat the the material that the most as well.

So I probably say me personally like minimum Brown 47 not to say I would be testing higher and then what I do it alongside theater change. Yes, I would. Okay, thank you. And so because here like I did like some calculations with the CPC margin of safety or whatever. So it looks like really like if my cost per click is one dollar.

sixty seven dollars Falls in within one dollars is the high range of like 67 dollars. So but then like again all my competitors like one of my competitors doing $27 offered at the beginning and when I know like he had like backhand which was like a membership at some point, but then he changed it to a big bundle of like 400 dollar 497 dollars kind of thing. So have you have you both? Everything in that have you gone through that person's funnel lately? Not lately, but like whenever you bought the front end and see more additional offers there and seeing like I you want his email list for his backend offers and everything else Yeah.

Well, yeah, I've been I've seen some of what he does. Yeah, so he's okay. Well, so like that's seeing some of what he's doing and being like I know exactly what this person is doing like they're two different things. So just that's not there really relevant to like the front end correct problem here, but it will be relevant to when you start devising your your funnel offers and your back end offers everything else like no exactly what to competitors are doing because otherwise, you're kind of just oh, maybe I'll put this as an oxal or maybe I'll put that as an option. You just kind of guessing so like do when you start building out those things make sure you're crystal clear on what what the other guys are doing.

Now, that's that's not gonna solve the issue with the front end, but it will it is going to be needed when you're tackling your back end. So what I'm guessing is the way we're making it work is I mean very totally not making any money at the front like for the first product right like because if he's selling it at 27 You know like his what we doing all this so we don't know how like again. That's why I said did you go to his funnel? We don't know how well his funnel is converting maybe his maybe he has a 497 upsell that's converting a 20% and that's adding an additional, you know additional. A hundred dollars with aov so that's his aobs to 127 versus 27 maybe as a bump at $30 is converting a 50% which adds another 15 dollars.

So like we don't we don't know that so we can't assume just that he's at a $27 front end that he's losing money. Now. He may be he may be intentionally breaking even he may be working official rates that are higher than yours. You're you're click through rates have been You know historically very strong in the 1% one and a half some even two percent range, which is extremely strong. He may be working on cpcs that are lowered in a dollar.

I mean like we think a dollar is is okay, but maybe we need to work on bringing that down and so like that's that's what we'll have to third a challenges that will be facing under the challenges that we'll have to be navigating but in terms of like price point I would say around that forty seven dollar Mark is probably going to be The Sweet Spot knowing that there's going to be additional offers and like your goal like you want to have things in your backend as well. Like you're not just looking to to spend money on this for on a front-end funnel. And yes, if they obviously if all the stars were aligned you'd be able to just put money into this funnel and get money and get is as much money out as possible, but I'm assuming they The actual long-term strategy is going to be to acquire customers at break even or slightly better and or maybe being a position to acquire customers on a slight negative so that you can make it up into in the backend. But obviously we're we're ways away from that yet. Yeah.

Well then that'd be fine if we could get that. I know you work with like this guy Jared Messer, right? Like he was doing the the guitar for like Worship guitar and he worked it out as just like now, he's offers like 37 and then with like a 16 dollar bump and I don't think he's he's selling anything else beside like his back and piano course or whatever and your training course. He that's like his front end was basically I think it was. Yeah, I think it was 37 dollars with a 16 dollar bump.

And then I think he had a membership or something in the that he promoted in the back end and that was pretty much it and like his metrics and his metrics. He was very strong and on YouTube. I think he did some Facebook as well. But very strong on YouTube with his his metrics wouldn't have been unlike years in terms of the the picture rates and the cpcs as well. So it like obviously he was a little bit more Niche than you.

He was like worshiping Katara is gonna be a little bit more Niche and then like General playing guitar. So that maybe something we need to look at in terms of the or targeting so but like, yeah, it can't it's not it it can be done without a shadow without it can be done. Got you. Okay, cool. So I mean probably 47 then we'll test.

And yeah, like speak to Michael and Paul and they may have you know, they may have their hearts in another price point but just based on based on. What we've seen I'd be more inclined to go a little bit higher just and like maybe we need to make the offered a little bit. Maybe make the guarantee that A Little Bit Stronger. I don't know but 165 days though. That's just a link to the guarantee.

But how could we make the actual guarantee more compelling? So more risk-free? So just because I can return it in 365 days. That doesn't necessarily make it risk free. That just means I can return in 365 days making it risk free is that you know, can I I guarantee you that you learned play these four songs and in 30 days or adlw your money back.

That's a hell of a lot better guaranteed in or I'll give you a year to return. Yeah, that makes sense. So maybe we can play with the guarantee. Okay? and so questions for Google ads like I tried to do you know because what what you send me on the email was what I did at first, but it still doesn't show up and I don't understand why you see like I went to segments did and then conversion conversion actions.

Did I do it wrong? Is that no, that's that s*** how it shows so I was remember I I still have you have view access to your account. So after I sent that to you I went in and check things and I think this may be the reason why this isn't showing so if you got your tools and conversions, Maybe because of how you'd set them up. And the go to under measurement. It's right in the middle there and then There we go.

Yeah. no, yeah, so blind you're looking at I so when you set them up, you haven't set them up as like the way Google would like them to be set up and the way I'd outlined them you'd set them up as page views. So if you click conversions. you'll see that your your purchase conversion is in under a page view and so is your lead conversion whereas it should be in under and Like actually set up within within the purchase. conversion event Now, I don't know if that's the reason why it's not showing but that's the only thing I can think of.

So as I need to change that, right, so this is purchase and it should be a purchase, right? And you want them. So basically what we were optimizing for his leads and purchases. So we want them. To be primary action so you can hit save but like it's not going to fix the the historical data.

It's not going to change. Yeah. Yeah, it just might help things going forward. That's all. Okay, and and so because before where you see happen is we would we would optimize for both.

purchases and leads in the when you were driving. Yeah when you were driving to the to the opt-in page first. Yeah, and when and this time do I only optimize for leads? Right and so for next time should we do both purchase and just use account, you know conversion settings or as long as the account level conversions. Are only the like we obviously they're I don't know what their calls from that smart campaign is but as long as they they account level conversions are the only ones that we want so we don't have any extra ones.

So we only have the leads and the purchases that that's fine. So we want to do leads and purchases together, right or do we want to separate it as a general rule or you know? Do them together, but make sure if you were doing them together that we want to make sure to both of them are set to primary. But I said to primary okay and Here sign up you just follow me a sign up explain. So this is it set to a secondary one there.

So I'll set it to me, right? and then for conversions to make sure everything is all right, I go to conversions and then Where do I set up my primary? My account level goals? Do you know it's a they're already chosen as an account default. So it's like it's as you can see there.

It's Scroll to the top, like it's the purchases it at the county for gold. So if you click the account default goal and Siri it's right beside the purchases. Remember go no, see what says account I can't go. Yeah. Yeah.

Click that. It's not clickable. No, well, then you should be able to do it in your conversion settings. You just be able to choose it. But as long as purchases the set is a deep uncle yeah a county for goal.

And you should be you should be fine. Otherwise, if it's not when you go into in your campaign settings when you're setting it up just make sure you choose what leads and purchases and be fine. Yeah, and okay because when I was duplicating like those campaigns it always goes back to account goals. Anyway goes back to yeah, it goes back to whatever the default is and I don't know why we do that. And also I received an email from Google a while back those saying something like oh, well, not not if I can't can find it, but it was saying something like you you're like a candidate for for like a certain kind of like I have to find it but like he was like in I have a look for and send it out to me and I'll take a look at it at a certain date you like we're gonna switch you to a certain kind of new thing that we were doing or something.

So like they would switch the settings into my in into my ads or something. That's very saying like automatically if I don't if I don't do anything, I don't know what that is or anything. I'll just look it look for it. And yes, they're always making changes and they're always reaching out to different accounts based on things. So it may just been Because you're an active account or getting you beta access to one of the new features or something like that.

But if you have a look for the email and send it on to me, we can take a look. Okay, and then so right here, these were all my stats lately and and like I said like so I spent $400 it was getting four sales. You know, I got four sales for $400, but then I kept on spending until like 750 and like no more sales. Like the opt-in rate was the same. Everything was like the same.

Like, you know, nothing changed, but the sales. and so and I'm wondering like is it because I was just optimizing just for leads so then potentially could have been just released but like the the reality is when like one thing we can't control is what people do I mean like when we get a hundred leads just because we get an average at 20% Upton rate. That doesn't mean that the first 20 people that we get are going to be. 20 leads and in the other 80 are not going to believe so it's like what like wanting that is completely out of our control is when we're dealing with this this small amount of data is the what what the actual lead does but we can obviously we want to guide them as best as possible. But if those next few next-hand leads didn't want to buy there's not a whole lot we can do about that but like in terms of campaign structure, is there anything we could have differently?

possibly the fact that we were just optimizing for lead could a potentially played a played its role in that and But it doesn't mean that the if we optimizing for lead and purchase we would have got the purchases just because we got four so the four purchases you do you did get up on the to 400 dollar spend was that unoptimizing for leads as well? Yeah. It was awesome amazing for leads but then it just it just I'm wondering if you feel like Google got better at optimizing for leads and people that usually like but very emails and then don't buy like I mean because man, like if I think about all the times I put my email into something and I end up not buying it's like so much, you know, so maybe it's like it was just optimizing for you know, people that do what I do which is you know, Yeah, it was potentially dead. I mean that that is it's the only it's the only basically looking at the campaign. It's probably the only thing that we could pinpoint as being the reason why but it may not have been the reason why the reason like like we said that we can't control what people do do not do as much as we would love to be able to we just can't got you, and so Now I'm thinking like if I raise the price to 97 97.

if I yeah, if I raise the price in 97, it would be completely out of like the you know, like most people is forty seven dollars, right like the max that they go but if I raise the price in 97 or like, you know What is it? Well, like is it worth 97? Why I think it's worth 97 and how can you make it make it so our leads? think to themselves I'd be an idiot not to pay $97 for this. I can't lose.

So if you can figure that out, well then yeah racism 97. would you be comfortable giving them a Double their money back guarantee if they don't learn how to play guitar and 30 days or whatever the time is. Yeah, I'm probably and but still like obviously just manipulating. The guarantee is one factor that we have in terms of reducing the risk is obviously a lot of other things as well. Would you be would you do?

Would you do with soft offer right now? It's a hard offer. Would you do a soft offer where they pay a dollar for for 14 days then ninety seven dollars. Yeah, would you do a dollar for three days then 97 so like we like basically what we're doing. It's it's not whether it's not necessarily.

What are we think the the course the program or the offers work 97 is whether or not we is whether or not our prospects will take it and if we can if we can have them thinking. Well, why wouldn't I do this? I'd be silly not to. Well, then the price. in some respects is it doesn't really matter and obviously it'll be a ceiling and but if you can if you can make your prospects.

think to themselves I'd be extremely stupid not to do this for $97. I can't lose. Well, then. Yes, it's worth $97. So if we good the soft offer route then what about like just making it a membership?

right because that the people that do soft offers like they're more Channel like we're changing the offer completely then it's not like It's not a one-time offer at least like a front end offer. It's like you're joining a membership and and then like what he is it going to be what $37 a month or whatever. So then it's a completely different variable and setting in membership is it's a lot easier as part of a funnel and in the back end of a funnel tend to sell a membership on the front end selling a membership on the front end is very very difficult without free trials without being willing to go heavily negative on the front end in order to get fully think about something like click funnels what they are willing to give away just to give get you to take a trial. Yeah, they yeah, they sell it. They give you the book they give you everything.

absolutely everything like right now they're running a promo where they're sending you a big old box of stuff that is probably worth about five or $600 just to get a trial and I don't know what their attrition Twitter with their drop-off rate is like put like they're going heavily negative just to get a trial. So they're gonna even more negative to get a customer and like that obviously it's a different each different industry, but the like setting in membership on the front end unless it's Something the offer is crazy crazy high and the price is crazy crazy low. It's it's not easy. Right, and then raise this thing like, you know, like when you when something is higher prize than everything else you think it's different. Like how much does that absolutely like it?

There's a there's a famous. I can't remember the name of it. But there's a famous test that was done with tree wines that was put in front of people and they each tasted the wine and what they were told that this wine is a cheap wine. This wine is a medium wine, and this wine is a really expensive wine. Have a tasted Amendment which choose which one you like the best and something like 90% to people chose the and I'm probably got that statistic run but like a very high percentage people chose the oh the most expensive one is the nicest the reality is the one was the exact same.

I did that there was no difference. There was exact same brand one was like a I think it was a $10 a $20 and a two hundred dollar bottle of wine. The wine was the exact same at all costs the same. It was the same brand the same bottle it actually everything else but just because it was the the higher price people decided to the highest price one was the best one. So if you have a higher price people would naturally think that if it's big if it costs more it must be better and yeah that that's that's fine.

But the we also have to convince them to buy it which is why like your offer and your risk reversal and how you position the offer and how you structure the guarantee and everything else is going to be so key especially if you're so used to paying like 2747 and things like that. Hmm. Well I'm thinking if like the the marketing message really just works right like if you know people resonate with that. Good because if like I could go like lower price and then just make the offer like way sooner or I could just like, you know, those people that do watch the thing. you know all the way through that are commit like they might be more inclined.

Yeah, I mean like I'm always in favor of the higher price. Like I really am especially when you're when you know what you have is good and you know, what's going to help people get in the results, but then I'd like to back up that higher price with with a with a crazy good guarantee like a guaranteed. That's it's very hard to say no to Right. Yeah, that makes sense. So the volume W money.

Well, look W money is just it's just one example, like I know in the past for a book we use triple your money back and and things like that and I had a promote that ran recently for the agency and it was basically if hop on pay the money hop on if you're not if you're not ecstatic or what what we cover and how it helps you. I'll give you double your money back and like it converts it that type of thing converts, but you know you have to you have to be comfortable in being able to back it up and You liked it. You don't just do because all I do because it I was told to do it. You have to be reasoning behind it. And there has to be value in your language.

I know you're there's value in your course, but the bottom line is you definitely do need a higher price point. Maybe $97 is the price point, but if we're going to go with something like 97 dollars, we're gonna have to you know, we're gonna have to attach a better. Risk reversal to it a better guarantee potentially better terms or um, it better proposition in terms of the offer itself, but we'll probably have to make some changes. Yeah, because if I did something like, you know higher price and triple your money back then I would probably want to like know the person face to face if that makes any sense and then actually coach the person, you know, because yeah, something like that like you don't need to I wouldn't necessarily be doing it for a course, but I probably do something like You know something you could do a conditional guarantee for a w money back guarantee like a conditional W money back empty 30. Fairly easily for them.

I'd speak to speak with Michael and Paul about it and see what their thoughts on it. But like I've minimum I would probably want to 47 and just purely from an economics point of view because you know, you can roughly make up you should be able to make up in an additional 60% ish in in your upsells and everything else if with some optimization not immediately, but with some optimization and then like dialing in your traffic and potentially getting your cpcs potentially down your click your rates are good and your cpcs are good. But I think we we could probably improve them and then you're in a much better position. So the better ad like in this case was like there was one ad that was just better than all the others. like here one of those better than all the others that performed like it was a this one the the chords.

So I was going for like F sharp minor and G-sharp minor chord or stuff like that that only like more advanced players would would do the only psychic part is that I don't know if these are where the ads that, you know produce the cells so It's like lead wise this is granting I'd probably do for the next time to make sure we do notice is before your eyes go live to hop on my teddy. It just make sure you make sure utms and stuff like that are set up correctly. Yeah, we'll be able to we'll be able to track that effectively. So yeah, I'll definitely I'm definitely setting of utms this week. Michael also showed me a his tool for doing it was pretty cool.

Um, so so right here this ad is like the best one at some point was like 2% you know, it's click through rate and the cost per lead was all of these were higher for a long time when it dropped down later on, you know, but these were like 150 150. This one was always like under a dollar which is good. But so yeah, well then like next time around I probably just promote that ad this run with this one. Yeah. Okay so run.

Okay. And so the goal right now is to shorten the the vsl to like five to you know, five to seven minutes before I say the offer because right now they have to wait 22 minutes before the offer comes out. And so if we get more people to the offer. And the offer is is more expensive. We can I mean, I guess in my in my work, you know, we might be able to get 60% back at least you think.

yeah, I mean as long as we at the like again like we said as long did the price increase we can we may have to make some slight adjustments to your to your offer to your guarantee. So make sure you speak with Michael about that and it's like, how can we how can we make the offer more enticing like can we make it more risk-free to to the people that are getting it so with the increased price that the ink the increase of prices offset by the like and even better decrease in Risk. Gotcha. So like make it less risky. Um, so just go back 383 offer training probably and just think about like, okay like what are all these?

Yeah, and I'm like pick Michael's brain on offers. I mean the reality is like the someone's going to be thinking. They're on YouTube watching a guitar videos or whatever. They're seeing your ad or clicked over to watch a vsl to institution what you have to see they're thinking about buying. But in the back of the reminder, they're gonna be thinking well, what if this doesn't work for me?

What if this is like the other programs of both that hasn't worked in the past or what if I just don't use this what if this is just me something else that I buy that I never log into and never use that's how it goes on in my brain whenever I try to think about it. So then you have to so like you have to overcome that and You don't have to overcome the fact that you want them to implement it whether they're not the implement it that's down to them like you that's not what we're trying to overcome. We're trying to overcome the tall Under head that whether or not they'll actually Whether this time will be different. So we have to so how we can do that is by removing as much risk as possible and making the offers enticable as possible where they're actually saying was like no, it doesn't matter if I never use this I'd be silly if I didn't get it. So if I never looked at this, I'd be so silly if I didn't get this because it's such a steal.

Yeah, yeah, so to make the offer better, okay, and you know you to offset the price, you know, okay, that makes sense. One more thing is do you know that guy Kyle salud? Oh, he Kyle's salary like he's like a YouTube bad guy. He was saying something like about like that brackets and like exact match and keywords and stuff like that. It only works for Google ads and not YouTube ads.

Now we found it like we'd like it it works is we found it worked there for both. I mean like obviously with The way we give your keywords set up on YouTube. Like typically we would do a broad keyword in YouTube. But when we when we do abroad or are a phrase matching exact match. Normally we would do it in Google, but we found like the like it works equally well in YouTube.

Good. Okay. Well, it's not that it works or not work like immense like YouTube like like it doesn't on YouTube. It's always broad like it doesn't matter what you do. It's always gonna be seen as broad so I thought I was weird.

Okay. Well, I must look into that because we've we found it like we've when we found when we've done just broad keywords that like the results Were Never As Good As when we narrowed it down to to raise matter exact match, but maybe it's a case that Google doesn't pick them up and there was another reason why the results were better, but that's what we found. Okay? Okay, so I'll keep this I'll look into that that's definitely worth looking into. Yeah, because that I just I was like, oh well that that's weird.

But um, okay. So right here, I'll just keep this ad and then just make make everything shorter. No day the chords one. Yeah, the chords one. That was a better one and probably run like 60 dollars on it.

per day since I'm gonna only do like this one. Yeah, I mean allow you to get the data quicker. Yeah. Or should I even um, should I should I test other other things or should I keep this one not this tastes like him. We know that that one works.

I mean, obviously we're not sure if it was the one that led to the sales because we don't have that data, but at least for me from a CTR and a CPC point of view, we know we know what it quite well. Okay. All right, cool, so that and I think that's that's pretty much it cool. Cheers question. All right.

Thank you. Have a good day YouTube, right?
