---
title: "Media Buying 2021-10-14 16:00:19"
date: 2021-10-14
duration: 1h 35m
duration_seconds: 5736
vimeo_id: 632228137
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-10-14 16:00:19

**Date:** 2021-10-14 | **Duration:** 1h 35m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Hey, Josh. Hey, how's it going, man? How are you? Good.

How are you doing? I'm good. Good. What are you killing now? Flies?

Yeah. So the flies are bad over here. And I talked to a bunch of friends and like they've said the same thing. They're really bad right now. So I probably killed.

I'm watching my parents, my in-laws dog right now. So we we've been staying at their house, which is kind of outer out in the kind of in the
country a little bit. Um, I've killed probably 20 to 25 flies a day since I've been here. And it's like, it's so bad because like, you'll be sitting there working. All of a sudden there'll be a fly landing on you and your face.

And it's like, oh my gosh. You got this thing there, um, a couple of, uh, probably about a month ago. It's called the exterminator. It's like a tennis racket, except it has a button on the side. And when you press the button and you hit a fly, it just like makes the fly explode.

Oh, really? Yeah. You should get, you get them on Amazon. They're like 20 pounds and it's like, it's, you feel, you feel like a superhuman when you
have it. I'm definitely looking that up exterminator.

Hey, Sergio. Hello. Can you listen to me? Yeah, I can hear you. How are you?

Okay. Fine. Thank you. Uh, I am, uh, calling for the first time I was, I, I, I talked with the Michael, Michael
because I'm from Portugal. Um, but, um, I, um, I know the, the, why the reason why I'm talking to you, it's not
about media buying, um, but because I'm a little overwhelmed with the assignments, all
the assignments that I have to do, uh, and I am sending the, um, the, um, the documents
that you, why that, uh, Michael asked me, but I'm not having feedback.

So, um, I don't know if I'm doing something bad because I don't, uh, know very well to
work with Google drive. I, I work, I always have worked with Dropbox. I'm not a user to Google drive. So I want, I don't know if you can help me if I have, it's better to, to, to do a different
way. I just don't want to disturb the session for today.

Oh, that's okay. So like, um, we'll, we'll get, we'll get you sorted out. So the, so you have, you've gone through the, you're having issues with accessing Google
drive instead of using Google drive. Yes. I, I, I don't know.

I, I send the, um, I send the documents, the, the, did you send them directly to Michael
or who, how did you send them? I, I, once I sent to Michael and then I, I begin to, to, to go to the platform of, uh,
this platform and download the year. What I'll do now is I'll, I'll send Michael a message right now and, um, to get him to
reach out to you and, uh, we'll, we'll, we'll get you sorted. Okay. I'm just, just barely one sec now and I'll send Michael a message.

And Michael, he's actually online as well. So you should see the message very quickly. Yes. I think we have other offer creation funnel that's is working now at the same time. Not, oh, no, no, it's for five, five.

Yeah. It's, it's not at the same time. So it's at a different time. Okay. So I'm going to ask him to reach out to you.

Okay. Okay. Thank you. And about these sessions is about, uh, how to buy the, um,
yeah, these ones are all about, um, um, your media buying. So things like Facebook ads, your Google ads, um, running ads on YouTube,
anything got to do with getting traffic to your, to your, to your website,
to your offers, to your funnels and everything else.

Okay. Um, because I, I have, I have a question. I'm not there yet because we, we, uh, we began with, um, the digital world one year
ago, but, um, I have some trouble with Facebook ads that, um, is, um, because of the, the budget. I have a credit card and, uh, my credit card, uh, is, uh, 4,000 euros. Now they, they will upgrade to 15,000 euros.

And, uh, my doubt is it's easy to, to need a $25,000 or, or euros or 50,000. And how we do that without credit cards, because no one will give me a credit card for this
amount of money. So, so typically you shouldn't necessarily need that amount that quickly. Um, the way we set up our campaigns is that obviously we, we set them up within what budgets
that is comfortable for, for, for you. Obviously we, we'd never say someone to spend more than, than what's comfortable for them.

But then generally speaking, when you're, with your e-fight campaign, um, you should
be seeing a, so if you're spending, say, say for argument's sake, you were spending a hundred
dollars a day over 30 days, that'd be a $3,000 budget from an ad spend point of view. But over that 30 days, you should be seeing some sort of a return. Now, hopefully it'd be a positive return, but at the very least, like there's no reason why
you should be spending, um, upwards of 15 K on a credit card and not be seeing a return
on that, like we would like, that's, that's, um, in terms of your ad spend. So like the, when you get to the stage of your media buying, we always start our budgeting
process at the beginning. We set up our campaigns at the beginning at a budget that we're comfortable with, because
what we're doing at the very beginning is we're testing our new campaign or we're testing
our new messaging.

So we don't want to test a lot of money very quickly. We want to start off with something that we can get some initial data back. And typically we can get that data back within say $500, maybe a thousand dollars, depending
on what niche or industry you're in. Um, and so it really depends on like, because obviously some niches are. I'm sorry.

I'm talking with the experience that I have with some campaigns that I have the idea, my, my,
my niche, I am, it's a little different. And I'm an, an, an e-commerce product. We are a factory of that, that you produce a micro segment that is the, the concrete finish
that you see, sorry, in walls and floors. And we do that, that, that product, but we began to sell workshops online to train the,
the players, the people that do the work. And, um, the idea is to sell the workshops and then we'll, we will sell the product.

Like, like if you, like Russell Brunson is they, he, he don't sells workshops because
he has workshops and then he has the, the software that he sells. So we can have other things that where, where we go and earn much more money. I can, I have to see the price of, of our workshop. I think I, I, we have to adjust, but even if I, if I sell the workshop for 300 euros,
um, I can have a, an applier that, um, in a, in a year it can, can, uh, can, um, uh, spend
1,000 euros in, um, in, in our product in a, in a year time. So, um, this is like the, the, the, the value ladder, uh, the workshop, it's the, the main
entrance, uh, but, um, it's, uh, it's a year that I, I want to scale and I'm, I'm trying
to some things, but I, I, I get your program of, uh, Todd Brown and, uh,
Yeah, so like, um, like come back to your original question about the, like spending on, there's
no reason why you should be spending that much money in media and not getting a response once
you have your campaign set up.

So I know you're, you're not there yet, but, um, I know you said that you're working on
getting your limit increased, but I don't, to be honest, I don't see it being an issue
and there should be no, like, there should be no need for you to be spending that amount
of money on media without getting a response whatsoever. So no, no, that's a, that's a curiosity that I have, uh, not, unfortunately I, I'm not
in that, uh, stage yet, unfortunately, but, um, I hope someday maybe. Oh, hopefully, yeah. Hopefully we'll get you there, but, but you shouldn't be spending that much without getting
returned. That's anything.

So now, yes, but, um, okay. If that's one of things that, uh, we, we have, I see here, Michael, um, in the, in the
chat, uh, saying hello. Um, but, uh, this is one of the things that I have. And I think this, um, this kind of, um, sessions, uh, can help me to, to, um, to find a way
because, um, I don't have the structure. I don't, I need to, to improve my structure, but, uh, I think I don't need to do from zero.

Um, that's, I can, so I can, um, then, uh, see, I think Michael does more of the, the
copy, the copy campaign. Uh, I don't know if it's that. And, uh. Yeah. This call is just for the, the media buying and for traffic.

So I, I've reached out to Michael. I know he's on the call here, so he'll probably connect with you privately and, uh, we'll make
sure we get that those issues fixed fee. Okay. Okay. He's saying that he will, he will send a link to chat with me.

Okay. Uh, thank you, Sergio. What's your name? Sorry. I didn't.

Uh, John. John. Okay. John. Thank you.

I, I hope we can, of course we'll, we'll talk more about, uh, about this. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Cheers, Sergio.

Cheers. Um, Steve, do you want to look at yourself or Josh, do you want to look at yourself first? Is it, I'm happy to go. Yep. Um, share that other computer.

So I have, um, I've gone through and actually created some additional conversions trying because
we have the follow-up sequence, uh, re-engagements, um, not re-engagements, but they're offer response,
I guess. Um, I created a couple more conversions trying to see who was getting this practice with me
is, um, a page where they can download, um, we give them a free download, uh, as part of,
you know, a thank you for watching the video, right? Yeah. The first offer response letter says, okay, we gave you that free download, which has material
and information around setting up appointments and getting together and, you know, the vocabulary
and the training that you need to do that. And then the, this is the first offer response.

That's the, the easy button. Here's a sheet that you can print off, get to somebody and it says practice with me, right? It's dual, dual language. It's your name, phone number, contact information, whatever. Um, so I've now, uh, built a conversion to look at, well, in the offer response, who's doing
this, um, and then, uh, also distinguish between the checkout page, uh, the three, three price
point checkout page and the original.

Um, so that's just saying that we have some. Just looking at your, um, your purchase conversion there. If you go back to your conversion service XT. So it's saying no recent conversions. And it's saying no conversions in like the date range at all between.

October 1st and the 14th. So, but you've had sales in that period is, haven't you? And I have, and I actually went in and, uh, uh, started the, uh, tag tag assistant. Yep. Um, and it says it's working.

Right. So I don't know. I don't know why it didn't pick up. Right. Um, uh, you didn't change, um, the, um, the page to land on after they purchased or you
have, nothing has been changed with that page at all.

No. Okay. Um, and that, that was actually why I went with the tag assistant because I was trying
to figure out, you know, is it, did some, I don't know, did, you know, did something
get corrupt, uh, uh, I, I validated it with the tag assistant. It said it was there. Um, I waited the 48 hours seeing if that sale would show up.

It never did, I went back in, uh, got the, the, the script, repasted it in, um, put it
back into the page. I deleted what was there. I put the, the code back in the snippet back in saved republished thinking, you know, if
it did get corrupt for some reason, you know, um, and checked it again, it says it's firing,
but, you know,
And can you just go to your, can you hit the, beside your extensions, just hit that X there
and yeah. And just go into your, um, click into the actual, um, purchase event there. So the, yes, yeah, I'm just going to go edit settings.

Okay. If you want control, I'm happy to give it to you. No, it should be okay. Um, I mean, it looks fine. It looks like it's set up.

Okay. One thing that I would probably do as well, just to, just the. To maybe add another layer of, um, assurance from a, cause if Google is not showing conversions
and it's, it's saying no recent conversions, it may be having struggling, finding people
to convert for those. So what we could do is, um, you could set up a, another purchase conversion, but do it
as a website page view. And when they hit the confirmation page, so do it as when they, um, so maybe if we want
to set it up now, so if you go back to your tools and settings and conversion, yeah, you
can just hit down there and go back and create a new, go back into your tools and conversions.

So go to tool settings. All right. That's okay. And go to conversions. And just create a new conversion.

And we'll do category, just do page view. Okay. I, I, I, I don't need you. I mean, if you want to. Yeah.

I mean, like just, just set it up as a page view and then, um, get that installed. And then you, when you use tag, you're using tag manager for installing them, were you? Uh, no, I, I was doing it myself. Yeah. Okay.

So if you're doing, if you're doing it yourself then, so just since, and do it based on when
they just hit this, hit the, um, the confirmation page. Okay. Um, yeah. I mean, basically it's the same as what I was doing for those other pages. Right.

Um, yeah, yeah, just, yeah, it's exactly the same as the other ones. Yeah. Oh, just. I didn't just see if that one is when you get the new sales. If this one is showing conversions, because for some reason, I mean, if you're getting,
if you have been generating conversions, even if it's just been a couple of conversions
every couple of days or whatever the case is, it should be showing there.

So let's make sure that we. Unfortunately, there haven't been any since weekend last, right? So not, not this last weekend, but the one before. Right. Okay.

That is unfortunate. Yeah. Um, and I have been, been watching, uh, that was part of what I was doing. I had these other conversions was to, to look at people stepping through the offer response
sequence and, um, we went in and, and looked at those emails where people opening them. Um, you know, it just kind of dump at it.

Um, I am going to meet, I talked to Jeremy earlier. I'm going to meet with him tomorrow, uh, and kind of step through everything with him
in more detail. Okay. Um, and, uh, you know, and I know he said that he was, was talking and working with
you a little bit, so we're going to have the time to one-on-one to kind of step through
everything. Um, and then we'll see if anything jumps out at, at him or he said that you guys were,
were chatting.

Um, but, um, you know, we did, uh, uh, last time we talked. Um, um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, um, uh, um, uh. So haven't made major changes, but have tweaked the checkout pages, the three price option checkout page is the same. Yeah, I don't know. I guess I did have a, you know, at one point we were looking at the audiences and where the ads, the Google ads themselves were going over the last, I think since like Friday.

Like so for almost the last week, our, the number of engagements, the statistics look pretty consistent, right? So if you look at the view rate, click-through rate and things like that. And yeah, all of that stuff is consistent. Just the number, the numbers are level, right? Instead of getting 15 or 20 emails and op-ins a day, it's half of that.

And it's been that way for a week. Right, okay. Which was kind of weird. And I actually added $5 to one of the ads that looked like it was doing better. So I was, I was thinking it's Friday, people get active over the weekend.

I'm going to add $5 to this one. And neither one of them has really, really done well. I don't know. Do you want to just pull up your sherry screen there again quickly? And we'll just drill into your audiences a little bit.

Let's choose. I do have the audience editor up here. Go back to your campaigns there for a sec. And just click into the top campaign there. And scroll down to, on the left-hand side, you can click into the ad group here.

So we'll see where it just says Spanish learning funnel. You can just click that. Oh, this. Yeah. So.

And now we can go to, we'll scroll down to, to your active ad. And go into your audience. So on the left-hand side, just click audience. I didn't select it. So.

That's okay. Wait, because there's only the one ad anyway. So the one active ad. So that's okay. It's going to go.

Scroll down. Okay. So. See where it says audience segments and where it says show table. See, just beside your cursor there, there's a little drop down arrow and it says show table.

It's right in the, kind of roughly the middle there. Go to the right. Go to the right. Oh, this one. Yeah.

Sorry. I was looking at the wrong. And scroll down a little bit. Okay. So.

Can you see where it says audience segment? Can you just drag that wider so we can see the full audience name? This one. Yep. Yep.

That's it. And. Yeah. Okay. So just scroll up to scroll up a little bit so I can see the name of the first one.

So URL affinity. Okay. And that's okay. Scroll down. Okay.

Yes. Right. And scroll down again further. And further again. Okay.

Let's go back up to the top again. And just a little bit further down. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

That's all right. Okay. So we're sailing from. Let's go down a little bit more. And go down a little bit more again.

Now just comparing the amount of people that are going through the steps for each audience
that you have. Now obviously that the majority of your audience leads have been coming from the URL affinity audience. But there seems to be a higher proportion of people in the other audiences that are actually going to the next stages. So I'm just wondering, would it be worth testing for a week or so turning off the URL or pausing the URL affinity audience and just giving the other audiences a chance to get more of your spend? Right.

Does that make sense? Sure. Because the URL affinity audience is getting the bulk of the spend. But only like roughly only seven out of 54 visited the checkout. Whereas in the other two audiences, the proportion, while the amount of leads is less because they've got less of the spend.

But the proportion of people that are visiting the checkout going through your funnel is higher. Right. So just wondering to see that, are we, are the leads in the URL affinity audience possibly not as high as quality as the other audiences? And we can't really tell that unless we test them on their own. And the easiest way to test them on their own is to just pause that URL affinity audience for a certain period of time and see if we can get to spend.

Sorry, excuse me. Correct. To spend up on the other audiences. So obviously you're still, still recovering. Just still have a lingering cough.

Yeah. Okay. So I'm, I'm absolutely up for that. Do we do that through the audience? Do you can just do, I mean, you can be literally just on here where you just pause the audience.

And if you do for one, then it's probably best to do for both. Now, like the, they, if we see that the volume drops dramatically, we can always just turn this audience back on again. And it shouldn't have a major effect. It may just take a little while to kick back into gear, but at least it'll give us an idea of, is the quality of the leads in the other two audiences better? And it does look like, although the metrics are slightly skewed, that the amount of people that are visiting the checkout pages and the other audiences is higher in proportion to the volume of people than the URL affinity audience.

So if you just go over to the left-hand side, the audience there again, you don't need to tick it because there's only one ad active in it again. Yeah. And just hit the, where it says audience segments, just hit show table. And we'll just. Well, at least it's consistent that.

Yeah. So scroll down there again. So that's eight out of 40 on that one. It's like one out of five. I mean, it's, it's similar for the second one and scroll down again, for the other one, app affinity.

App affinity seems quite high. And app affinity was high in the other one as well. Let's have a look at foreign language. Again, there's very little leads there. So I probably would turn off the, turn it off on this one as well and just give, give the other audiences a chance to see if we can get some extra spender.

Done. Okay. Okay. We'll talk to you on Monday and we'll let you know how. Perfect.

Awesome. Thank you. Appreciate it. No problem. Hey, Josh.

Hey. So I started running the new campaign on Tuesday. So we don't have a ton of sample data, but we got what we got. And so far, three conversions and sitting at about 63 bucks conversion is what it's averaging. Okay.

And that's, that's within your range, isn't it? It is. It is. Did you manage to reach out to those people and speak to them? To the, oh, to the, you know what?

I, um, one of them was going to be tried this morning. One of them was going to be tried yesterday. I mean, we're actually having, um, someone else do that. Um, so, um, I got to fall, I got to follow up and see if they did connect with them. Um, but, um, let me share my screen here.

I mean, it's probably going to be more of the same in terms of like, I don't know. Oh, that's, that's the wrong way to say it. Probably need to let the campaign run a little bit longer to obviously see like the tried and
true results. Um, so the plan is that let it run through Friday, um, because open enrollment starts
for Medicare, um, for everybody, um, which means anyone of any age above 65 can change
their plan and starting that's starting tomorrow and running through, um, December. So, um, not sure how much we're going to try to run it as much as possible, but that being
said, um, so I just did the one duplicate of the template, um, audiences template here.

So you can see, um, that was the best performing one off the last one. Actually, let's go these three days. So, okay. So, yeah, I mean, last time I checked, it was about 60. So I'm probably expecting another conversion here, hopefully soon, but, um, yeah, here are
the stats.

So view rate is still strong. Now I did change up the YouTube video and I took out the part where it says, you know,
you know, watch the video and you'll get this whole, you know, um, you'll see this process
in full. So I took that part out of the YouTube ad. Um, but the rest is pretty much the same. It's like, Hey, if you want this, you know, you want help with the figuring out how this
process works, just enter your details on the next page.

So not much has changed in the video. Um, I just did, I'm just doing the two most successful videos of the YouTube ads, um, which
is number two and number four, I think. Um, so view rate still strong. Um, what, what is a strong click-through rate, like anything above one, is that correct? Um, it, it depends, but I mean, like the view rate above 20% is great.

And then click-through rate, as long as we're approaching 2%, that's good as well, um, which
you, which you are, I mean, if you click into, click into your campaign there, so just click
and click into the ad group. Um, I would say one of the videos is probably doing a hell of a lot better. Yeah. So we can see here. Um, yeah.

So if you just, just go to your, um, columns there. Yep. And just go to modify columns and just go to conversions. Yep. Yeah.

Yeah. That's okay. And go to performance. Top, and just do CTR. Oh, sorry.

Uh, you can do clicks as well. Just the first one, and then do average CPC. And you can just hit apply. Okay. Yeah.

So you can see that video hook five is, is 2.43%, which is brilliant. And that's got the, that's actually got the better, uh, conversion rate as well. Now, again, early, very early. Um, but the, it looks like if this trend was to continue, I'd probably turn off the
other video completely and just focus on this one video. Cause this is the, like, if this is bringing you conversions for our book, you
know, um, appointment requests for less than $50 consistently.

I mean, this is definitely a winner. So, yeah, no doubt. Um, so what's the other question I was going to ask? Um, so man, it just feels like, okay, so we got our page, the ad goes right to the
page. I mean, I don't know the, the realities are what they are, but I just feel like with
all the people who watch the ad and then come to the page to click, I feel like it's
congruent.

And it's like, I mean, maybe I'm expecting too much, but I feel like we should have
way more conversions and maybe I'm being, um,
How many are like, um, there may be some delayed, um, delayed conversions that are not showing. So have you checked the actual amount of leads coming in through ClickFunnels? Um, well, I get an email every time someone submits a form. So in terms of conversions, I'll see first who's actually converting. So I get the firsthand thing, but I have not checked the stats on, um, ClickFunnels yet.

But I mean, I would just imagine that the clicks are going to be fairly consistent. Um, but, um, you know, clicks are obviously not conversions, you know, because they aren't
filling out the form. So I guess, I don't know. I mean, maybe I'm too unrealistic, but I just feel like this should be for the people who
it's a simple message on the ad. People are interested in the ad.

They click over. Why are they not filling out the form more? I mean, like I said, maybe I'm being too greedy. Maybe I'm being unrealistic, but I just, I don't know. It feel like every that, if everything is congruent and they've watched 30 seconds of ad and they
want to click over.

Um, I don't know. What's your take on human behavior in that way? Like why the behavior, like it's, it's a tricky one to call, but the things that may be turning
people off on the pages, they, when people have to opt in for, um, you know, putting in
their phone number and stuff like that, that they may feel like they, especially given that
as Medicare, you said that people do get bombarded, that they probably don't want to be bombarded. So unless they're really, really ready to go, that they're not willing to fill out the form. So that could be one thing.

Um, but the, I mean, like the reality is that if you can make this work at 60, $70 a lead
and you're getting them for that, um, let's worry, let's worry about increasing the, the,
the amount of people opting in further down the line. Okay. So would that mean, um, what would that entail? Like, how would we, what would be the next steps to, I mean, I, I, that's pruning the
audience, right? That's, that's kind of what you're, that's the, is that the only thing you're getting
at, or is that changing up the, um, landing?

Well, we would probably have to test, test different variations that are landing page
to say, cause like the, the ads themselves that they, the metrics look solid. So obviously if there's a bottleneck that's slowing things down, it could be the landing
page. Okay. So should we take a look at that and just give me another suggestion that I can pop
in there? Um, I mean, at the minute, it's still very early with this new campaign.

I mean, like the, the, the best thing to do would be to like have maybe a, pull up the
landing page there quickly. Yep. And most are going to be from mobile. So we'll do this. Oh, yeah.

Let's call them. Um, so see the dropdown. This thing? Yeah. I mean, there's, that's a little bit confusing cause it's like, what does that even mean?

I mean, there should be probably a little heading above that says, what's the best time for us
to contact you. Um, okay. Okay. I like that. I'll put that in.

And then like, I would have to submit, probably I would change the button from submit to probably
something else. Like, um, yes, I want, um, find my, find the best Medicare plan for me or something like
that. Something that's outcome based for them or so than just submit. Okay. Okay.

I'm into that. Um, do you like this like thing where it's like my help is a hundred percent free? Yeah, I do like that. Yeah. Okay.

Um, do you think that we need a picture of Renee up here first? I'd like, yeah, probably that was another thing I was going to suggest is that either like
a screen from the video or like a picture of Renee that's similar to what she looks like
in the video above here as well. Okay. And where would you put that exactly? Probably like the, um, yeah, probably above the enter your details below.

Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's good. That's good.

Yeah. Um, that's the only image you would add on, right? Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Okay. Um, do you, would you say that it's a huge deal that this form is touching the sides of
the thing? There's no white space and in ClickFunnels, it's like, I think I'm gonna have to do some
like custom CSS to get it to, to work properly. But do you think that's that big of a deal or not?

No, you don't, you don't have to do any kind of custom CSS. You just have to change, change the formatting of the, of the format. That's, that's very easy thing to do. I don't know, man. I tried that.

Let's, let's log in here quickly and we'll take a look at it. All right. Cause I've done, um, quite a bit of ClickFunnels. So, I mean, I'm not that new to it. I feel like I, uh, I, I, I mean, I built websites, some scratch using HTML and CSS.

So like, I'm not a newbie, I guess, but we'll just take a look. Cause the problem is with the way that the columns are set up. Um, I believe so like, so if we go to, and there's no option for it to change, cause this
would be the column option, right? The blue thing. Right.

Yeah. So even when you, the weird thing is when you set this to less, um, and you go back, it
resets itself to a hundred. So I don't know why it's doing that. Well, that is where you're putting it. Can I just request access?

Um, now, when you change the width on this in the desktop way, um, it, it stays the, it
actually stays like it stays what it is. So that's weird. I mean, if we can't do anything with the, with the width, I mean, I wouldn't worry about
it. What I would do is I would just make sure that, um, like the, the rounding on, on the, uh,
mobile, there's no need for it. Um, so I'd probably just, just keep it square.

Yep. Cause it just look on mobile. It kind of looks a little bit weird when it's rounded and it's like, there's no need
for it. And then like even the border, I mean, we might even need the border, but, um, like, like
this border, whether it's round or whether it's square, this isn't the reason why so
many people are not opting in. Like that's, that's, that's not the reason why people aren't opting in without a shadow
of a doubt.

I agree. Um, these links work obviously due to, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

So I liked it. Like the small changes that we, that we recommended. Yeah. I'd make those changes. Maybe add in a picture of, um, Renee, um, either this is on the desktop.

So it's like a mobile. So probably. I don't know about probably above the, above this enter your details below, just like a picture
of the, either a still image from the video where she's smiling and she's welcoming and stuff
like that. Um, that'd be something to test. Okay.

You would do that over, you do the still image of the video over like, say just a random,
because I have another image of her and I have her headshot. Like a, I know that you have the headshot there, but think about they've, they've come
from a YouTube video where they've seen Renee. So if they didn't land on a page where they're seeing Renee in the same clothes again, there's
that consistency. So is that, that, that congruency is there and they know that they're in the right place
versus, oh my God, what's this thing I clicked on? Is this even the right thing?

You're right. A hundred percent. Right. Okay. And then if you were later to test, to split test something big, like, obviously you want
to test something big, like, and you only want to do one variable.

Um, what would that, what would your next day be to even do? So testing big things, it's going to be around the, around your headline and around the idea
that the angle that you're doing. Okay. So they'd, they'd be the, the main things I'd be looking to hone in on. So like, you know, the entry details below and find out how the benefit matching process
gets you matched up with the right Medicare plan for you.

So I'd probably test something around that. Like a different, like a different, uh, completely different, um, yeah, completely different
angle, completely different. Well, same kind of angle, but like worded in a completely different way. But at the beginning for now, I mean, I'd make those small changes for now and, um, let
the ads run for a little bit longer and see that we need to focus on that one video that
has the, the higher click-through rate and that the higher amount of conversions. Cause if that becomes the winner, but then we can hone in on and see like hone in on exactly
on what the messaging is in that video.

And then we would pull our tests from a portion of that video. Cause there's obviously something that Renee is saying in that particular video that's
resonating and getting people to click. So that if we can draw out whatever that is and put that on the page, that's going to help
people want to, to opt in as well. Right. Right.

I wonder that my first thinking, and I watched the video and I was thinking something similar
to that. And I was just wondering if it's like, um, a simple process because in the video, it's
like, I talk about the pain of it being confusing and like all these things to worry about and
wonder about. Um, but you know, this simple process breaks everything down. So yeah, that's just my gut feeling, perhaps something to tell you. Okay.

We'll do, we'll do that. Um, we'll make those changes. When would you, how long would you run before thinking like, Oh, um, turn off the other
video. You'd go three times your conversion, right? I mean, then we're getting there.

Yeah. I mean, I mean, typically you could see, you'll see that because you're just two videos, you
can see it. You'll see a trend happen over the next couple of days that if that video continues to get
more conversions and the cost per conversion on that video is a lot lower than the others. And it continues that way. Say what, say like the, in the, into the Thursday, Friday, Saturday, um, well then I'd be comfortable
turning it off then turning off the other one and just focusing on that one winning video.

Okay. Okay. So you would, you would spend quite a bit more, you'd spend more than three times. Um, okay. Yeah.

I mean like three times is kind of like a good window, but I mean, it's already starting
to, to be pretty clear that the, that second video is definitely winning. Right. And it had in the previous campaign as well. So, um, well then if, if it has in the previous then as well, I mean, your decision is kind
of made for you then. All right.

That sounds good. I'll do that. Um, and then, um, how long would you, um, all right, that's good. So I guess we'll see where the results are at. And then I guess if we talk Monday, we can prune even further.

Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Thanks man. Appreciate it.

Cheers. All right. Cheers. Hey, Claudia. How's, um, how's the baby and the teating?

I can't hear you. You're muted. You're definitely unmuted, but I can't hear you. Is there some, is some drama audio? Can you hear us?

Okay. Can you hear me? Okay. Okay. Do you want me to run through your questions anyways, or have you any clarifying questions?

Or do you want to maybe log off and log back on and see if, does that fix your audio? If you click the up arrow by the mute button, you might change your microphone just to make
sure. Thanks, Steve. I'm ready to do that a lot. I'm ready to do that a lot.

I'm ready to do that a lot. Definitely having some audio issues. Definitely having some audio issues. Yeah, so maybe, Claudia, if you want to maybe, uh, try log out and log back in again, and we
can see if we can see if we can get you fixed. Hi, Annette, how are you?

Hi. I'm so happy to see you. How are you feeling? Are you feeling well and strong? Feeling strong and much better.

Yeah. Still have a bit of a lingering cough, but feeling much, much better. Yeah. Oh, well, we've been praying for you. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Okay, so, um, just really, really quickly, I wanted to find out, um, because Damien was
substituting for you, that you would help me with the minimum viable funnel, or was that
Teddy? Um, help you in setting up the minimum viable funnel? Yes, because I'm just right on the cusp of it now. Okay, so yeah, so Teddy can help you with the tech side of things like that, so that'd be
better for Teddy.

When it comes to getting the traffic to your minimum viable funnel, that's when I can jump
in and help you with that. Okay, so just really quickly, what are your, um, first recommendations that I should do so
that I could kind of look ahead? Because I'm sort of on the cusp of that, but not quite yet, because I'm still doing my,
um, up to, up to traffic, uh, traffic, captivation, um, lead. Okay, so have you got your, um, have you got your, the messaging done for your,
for your, yes, yes, I did that. I'm changing it to easy VSL slides now.

Okay, so you have that all underway. And then the next step then is to get the pages created. So, and Teddy can certainly help guide you through that process. And then after that, then once you got those pages created, then we can, um, we can, on
the media buying call, we can help you with setting up the traffic to send people to those
pages. Okay, excellent.

What are pages? You mean the VSL pages? Yeah, so the actual, the website pages. So you'll have your traffic activation page. You'll have the, the VSL page and, and any other pages that you're including.

Oh, got it. Now who sets that up for me? So what are you using to create the pages? Have you got ClickFunnels or have you got some? Uh, I have ClickFunnels.

I have a tech person who met with Teddy and me. Yeah, that tech person along with Teddy's guidance can actually get the pages created
for you. And then, um, once you get the links and everything else like that, we can, we can send it, we
can guide you through the process of getting your, your initial campaign set up. Excellent. So, um, this is not a website, a regular website, right?

This is a special three pages, something. Yeah, exactly. This is going to be three pages, maybe four pages, depending on the type of funnel, but
these are just going to be three kind of standalone pages that are linked up together. And when someone opts into your traffic activation page, they'll be brought to your VSL page. And then when someone watches your VSL and they want to purchase your course or, or they
want to schedule a call, whatever way you're doing your offer, then they'll go to the next
page.

Got it. Okay. So could you send me an example of those four pages, a sampler? Yeah, I can, um, actually Michael should have, um, Michael should have examples of those
pages. So if you reach out to Michael, he should be able to get you those examples.

Okay. And it's called the, uh, three pages or something. Or just, just ask Michael for, um, examples of pages from a minimal viable funnel. Okay. Excellent.

M V F. Okay. That's all I want to talk to you about. And we actually wanted to see you to make sure that. I'm alive.

M V F. Yes. Okay. We'll take care. Thanks.

Bye. Okay. Goodbye. Thank you. Hi, Claudia.

You working now? No. No. You can hear me. Okay.

Can you? Perfect. Yeah. Do you want to rejoin from a different browser? That's cool.

Okay. You better. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No. So are we any better now?

Perfect. Great. I clicked join in browser, like meeting in progress,
and it didn't work. I don't know why. How are you doing?

I'm good. How are you? I'm good, too. I'm not the teasing one, so. Yeah.

What age is your baby? He's five and a half months old. Okay. So yeah, he's probably going through hell right now with TV. I think it's okay because it's like one of the front teeth.

I think the, you know, like the back teeth,
it's what really is going to hurt. Oh, you have a cutie as well. This is Sam. Let's come up and say hello. Hey.

What a beautiful dog. Nice. He's the boss. He's the right boss. Animals are always, aren't they?

Yeah. Cool. So let's go through your, you have two or three questions here. Yeah. Okay.

So where I got stuck is that I did the,
I did new ads and I did new keyword research. And then I'm really lost on account structure. I mean, there are a million and one ways probably to set it up. So I wanted to hear your take on that. What I did when I first did it,
I structured ad sets in keywords.

And then when I had like a keyword, let's say last longer,
I put it as a negative keyword for all the other ad sets to not self
cannibalize. So that's,
that's probably a little bit too complex and that might actually hurt the
amount of impressions that you can get. So I probably wouldn't do it when it comes to negative keywords. The only really negative keywords I'd be using are those,
the negative keywords that you definitely want to avoid,
like things like women. Yeah, well, yeah, exactly.

So those types of things. And, but there's no need to add your,
do you say if you have last longer, last longer in one,
excuse me, ad group,
there's no need to exclude that keyword from other ad groups. Great. So I do the only negative ones only on campaign level, right? Yeah, exactly.

Great. Good. So should I,
should I keep the structure with ad sets per keyword or should I drop that
all together and just have one ad set for all keywords for this campaign? I think that the structure you have is,
is quite strong and I think it's working. I think the,
the way you have it laid out,
it's obviously been bringing,
bringing in some good results so far.

So, so I think it's okay to continue with that. It's just the,
just be like,
like we said,
just with the,
the negative stuff,
just to make sure that we don't,
we don't. Got it. Yeah. So what I also did like over time,
I put a lot of keywords on the negative keyword list,
like about 500 and paused keywords,
which have a below average quality score.

So,
which made me end up with 13 keywords only. And I think it's not enough keywords to. Exactly. Yeah. I think the definitely need to expand the keyword list.

And so the,
the 500 keywords that you have on the negative list,
is that like,
does that include keywords that perform bad,
badly previously? No,
which there were some or many,
which performed or performed okay. Like they generated some conversions,
but they just hadn't below average quality score. I went ahead. Were they,
were they still generating conversions within your.

Yeah. Then I probably,
I probably be testing those again,
because could they have a below average quality score,
but if you're still getting your conversions,
that's okay. As long as it's not affecting your,
like a below average quality score is not necessarily going to affect your
campaign. It just may,
it may affect. The only thing to be wary of those keywords is that you may not get as much
results out of those versus other keywords.

But as long as those keywords are like,
they're not causing your account harm. Well,
then there's definitely,
if they were getting conversions,
I'd probably get those keywords in again and see if we can get some more
conversions. Right. Yeah. So what I did,
I removed them from the negative list,
but I did not put them into the ad sets yet.

Should I do that? Yeah,
I'd probably get them going again,
especially if they,
especially the ones that were generating some conversions,
we can always look to see if we can improve the quality score of those
keywords,
but if they were getting conversions,
let's,
let's see if we can get them going again. Good. Okay. And then the last question is I did the keyword research with the keyword
tool that I owe.

So I have many keywords. There was a lot of traffic on these keywords. There's a lot of competition. So the market is strong. Now I don't know how should I start testing?

Should I go with many? Should I go with five to 10? Is there like a sweet spot to test? And then should I create a new ad set for testing? How would you approach this?

So I'd start with the ones with the highest volume. So the highest volume of searches and depending on what kind of volume you're
looking at,
whether it's like a,
like a massive volume all the way down to very,
very small volume. I'd split them into,
yeah. So I'd start with the highest volume and then I grouped them together into
like,
say,
take the keywords that are kind of similar and add them into similar ad
groups,
kind of like what you've done already. And then just start testing.

Like you can start testing the,
the in doing it at an ad group level. And because you're dealing with keywords,
the,
the,
the amount that you use isn't necessarily a,
it doesn't necessarily matter which ones you,
the amount that you use,
because it's going to be done on the volume of search anyway. And as,
as people are searching for those,
because if there's ones that doesn't have a lot of searches compared to
others in your ad group,
at least the,
the amount of impressions will be shown to the,
to the ad group that has the most volume. Yeah. Okay.

Keyword tool does spit out how the keyword has been trending throughout the
last year. Should I go only with highest search volume or should I avoid keywords that
have been trending down? I mean,
it's,
it's kind of a personal preference really. I mean,
generally I don't pay a lot of attention to the trend going up and down. Obviously if it's,
if there's a massive drop,
but like there's,
there may be a trading drop because the reality is that the results that you
will get from including a keyword that is trending down is always going to
be higher than the results you get from not using it at all.

Cause even if it is trending down,
if there's still searches,
we can still capitalize on those searches,
even if the amount of searches is going down. Okay,
great. Yeah. Then I have cost per click. I can see in the tool,
the campaign now is set to optimize for conversion and I have like conversion
bid,
right?

Should I go back to clicks and bid on clicks or should I stay with
maximize? If your campaign has been working well with maximizing for conversions,
I would just keep it as maximizing for conversions. I think that it has been working better with maximizing for clicks. Well,
then I would just,
I would just include the new keywords,
but don't change your,
your campaign structure or your setup. I can test that,
right?

I can put it back to maximize for clicks and see how it does. Good. You can always do that. Yeah. But if it's been working well with maximize conversions,
let's keep it,
let's keep it that way.

Okay. My last question would be the Bing campaign is running and it's not
generating any conversions. It's also not spending a lot of money,
but it doesn't generate conversions. I've done,
I've run the keyword research also for Bing in the keyword tool. And it basically doesn't give me any results.

Right. Okay. So the search volume seems to be very low on Bing. Okay. Um,
the,
so they,
from a tech point of view,
the conversions are set up and firing correctly from a tracking point
of view.

Yes. I had a,
I had a tech person go over it and he says that everything is set up
correctly. He specialized in conversion stuff. I mean,
if it's,
when you say it's not spending a lot,
how much is it worth spending? It has spent like 75 euros in,
let's say a week.

Right. Okay. That's,
that is quite low. And if it hasn't generated any conversions,
I mean,
I'd probably maybe let it run for another week or so and see what it's,
does it pick up? And then if,
if it's still not generating conversions,
maybe we can just turn it off.

Yeah. Great. Good. Yeah. I'm all set for today then.

Thank you very much. It was quick and easy as always. No problem. Thanks,
Claudia. Have a good evening.

Bye. You too. Bye. Thank you. Hey,
Peter.

Hey,
how's it going? How are you? Oh,
kind of,
uh,
running out of ideas and need,
need some new eyes. Um,
I talked with Paul two days ago,
so we haven't connected for quite a while now. Um,
last,
I,
I think the last thing I tried for me was something you had said as kind of the
next thing to try,
which is a,
a price drop.

And so I had dropped down to 200,
um,
with two payments of 97. Um,
didn't get any bites with that. The issue is that nobody's clicking over to the,
to the cart page. So what's that? Um,
so,
um,
I think I talked with Damien last Monday and,
um,
he suggested maybe trying to take advantage of the,
of the list a little bit.

Um,
and so he proposed some different things for that,
a mini course. I'm a little bit hesitant to do that because they're not converting in the
first place. So what's,
what's a mini course going to do beyond that? Um,
Paul suggested,
uh,
sending a survey out. So I,
I sent,
um,
three questions out to the list.

Um,
we've got seven responses out of 650 people. Um,
so the three questions were,
um,
what's the single biggest problem you're facing when it comes,
comes to finding your Mr. Right. What have you tried in the past? And was there any specific reason you decided to pass on the offer for
learning attractive letting approach with my track of any Academy?

Okay. Um,
so,
um,
uh,
is it worth going through these? Well,
let's take a look at them. I mean,
there's one there she mentions price. Uh,
yeah,
this one,
she's a pretty strict Catholic.

And so that kind of limits her,
her looking a bit. Um,
um,
she's kind of conservative. She can't find that many people in her church,
um,
dated someone after college for on and off. Um,
before that,
a few guys pursued me,
took me on dates. Otherwise I was on a dating site,
but didn't enjoy the effort it took without the physical attraction that makes
it easy.

When you know,
some of the person,
the price,
um,
I think I would have seen the value if I was going out on dates a lot,
because I was in a big city and using hinge or something like that. But around here,
it's a small pool of guys. Um,
so that was her. I've got two women that kind of have kind of significant problems. I would say this lady lives with her mother and takes care of her ailing
mother.

Um,
she,
I don't know if you,
if I told you about there was some potential concern that people kind of had
this expectation that once they clicked on the ad,
they were going to get some sort of app. Um,
some of the comments in the Facebook ads,
uh,
said something about apps don't work or some indication that they expected an
app behind it. I'm not sure if they had actually clicked or if they just kind of had a gut
reaction about anything related to dating must be about an
app and I had a bad experience with an app. Therefore they all suck. Um,
but this lady kind of confirmed that a bit.

I've tried several dating sites in the past. I'm just not sure about this online thing. I can't,
I can really can't get any real vibes is what the guys really like inside of
the past,
because I'm just not sure if I'm ready to go through the headache of
finding someone or if I'm even ready to start dating again. So that was probably an outlier of our audience. Uh,
this one,
I haven't been able to find a man that wants more than one night,
fling.

And even if they do,
they always want to rush everything on a level I'm not comfortable with. Um,
what have you tried in the past? Being honest about what I'm looking for and just going for it. Not quite sure what that means. And then why did you pass on the offer?

I just don't feel like anything can help me with the fact that all men I'm
around only want one thing. I'm a bit concerned. Cause like,
this is exactly what we at least try to address. Um,
so potentially,
you know,
didn't read carefully or something there. My biggest problem.

So this lady's on disability. Um,
I'm not gonna consider that one too much. Cause that's kind of a rare case. Um,
this lady is a single mother with multiple men. So that's,
that's also kind of a pretty extreme case.

Um,
but she did say she's trying to raising her self-confidence and raising her
standards. That's something we directly adjust quite a bit as well. Um,
and there are the last ones are a little bit more on point. I'm always wondering if you'll accept me for the way I am. I've struggled with the mentality of whether or not it would be good enough.

And it's right. I've tried online dating to find Mr. Right,
but it's backfired on me. Um,
because I want a respectful gentlemen,
but I always get the one night stand type of guys. That's like the entire.

There's,
there's lots of things cropping up there. And like the same things cropping up over and over again,
that they've tried the online stuff and they always end up with the wrong
guys who are just looking for them for the one thing. And that's the problem that I'd be addressing directly in my message. Cause if that's,
I know it's only a small pool of a sample size,
but that's popped up again and again that you've tried online stuff and you
end up with the guys that just want the one thing you don't find Mr. Right.

That's the problem that needs to be solved. That's the problem that I would address. And that's exactly what I would speak to in my sales message. Um,
so that's not,
that's not too big of a reframe,
right? That would,
that would kind of just be in the lead.

Um,
well,
it's like the,
to be,
to be honest,
what I didn't,
what,
what you don't want to end up happening is,
is kind of like,
uh,
your sales message ended up becoming a muddled mix of,
uh,
reposition stuff and reframe stuff and stuff like that. The end of the day,
the,
it's the,
the major drop-off,
the major bottleneck has been regarded. And I know you've done your,
the multi-page test where the drop-off was and everything else,
but the major drop-off regardless across the board has been getting people from the ads to the opt-in page has been no problem. Getting people from the opt-in page to the sales page has been no problem. You know,
I mean,
obviously we had some issues with the opt-in rate,
but it's gone up.

But then the major problem has been getting people from the sales page to the order form page and getting them to buy. And I think it's because the,
the,
the promise and what you're speaking to,
the problem that you're talking about solving is it's not,
it's not clear enough and it's not strong enough,
not strong enough,
strongly enough presented in a way that gets people to,
to speak to a specific problem that your market,
that,
that this specific market has. Whereas in those survey answers,
the,
the problem is as clear as day,
but the problem is that they're sick of using the online dating sites because,
and they're sick of just meeting guys who just want a one night stand. That's a real problem that your market has. And if you're,
if the attractive vetting solution is a real solution to that,
well,
then you're on a winner.

If it's not a solution to that,
well,
then you need to,
she needs,
Lila needs to come up with a solution to that because that's the,
that's an obvious problem that your market has right now. And that's a problem that it looks like that. Obviously we don't know with certainty,
but it's a problem that people want solved and people will likely pay for that
solution. Paul had mentioned to potentially concern about targeting for leads or optimizing for leads as
opposed to purchases. The reason I did that is because that's,
you know,
you get into the numbers of feedback points that days that Facebook is looking for.

Yeah. I mean,
like with the optimizing for leads and if you were driving directly to a sales page,
optimizing for purchases is fine,
but because you weren't driving directly to a sales page and you're driving to a lead page first,
it does make sense to optimize for lead. I mean,
I can understand why Paul would bring that up. I mean,
cause like if,
if it was driving to a typical front end offer where you were driving to a sales page,
well then we would probably,
we would most likely be testing,
optimizing for purchase as a,
as a priority. And if that wasn't working with them,
we may have as in our back pocket to optimize for leads as a,
as a secondary,
but because you were driving to lead gen first,
I mean,
I don't think that that's the issue because you weren't optimizing for.

And you'd only do that likely if you had a lower ticket item,
right? Yeah. I mean,
like say,
I think up to say around the $97 market,
probably be driving directly to,
to the sales page,
but for,
for anything above that,
I'd want to,
to generate the lead because the,
you know,
you have that bigger opportunity to convert. Hmm. I mean,
but even just looking at those server results,
I mean,
if you go,
like what I would do is like,
like,
it's obvious that that's,
that's the problem that people are having.

So let's,
let's see if you can,
like,
I don't know that you're the attractive vetting system and,
or you'd know that more better than me and Lila would know that better. But like,
if that's,
I would speak to that problem and talk about that,
that like speak,
like say for argument's sake,
let's say if your headline is sick of using online dating sites and finding guys that want,
not the only want one thing question mark,
and then like agitate that problem a little bit further and then go into your solution,
which is if it's the attractive vetting,
it's attractive vetting. And then like present the,
present your offer,
keep it nice and simple. Obviously still follow the E5 process,
but go with that angle because,
I mean,
we looked at what four or five responses there and they all said exactly the same thing in some way,
shape or form. What was that?

So back to the reframe thing. I mean,
it is designed. It's not specifically for online dating. It's for just any interaction with guys,
regardless of how you first come in contact. But these days,
like for the majority of people that they,
they like a lot of people that because they,
the online dating is so prevalent that the,
that that's what people jump to immediately,
especially when they come from an online ad,
driving them,
showing them something,
they automatically think online.

So that's something that you need to address. There was in,
in the other,
some of the other responses,
there was definitely some other objections that were in there as well,
that you need to be overcoming. So like the,
the objection of,
Oh,
I'm in a small town or,
Oh,
I'm,
I'm at like,
I'm,
I'm a Catholic,
you know,
conservative or whatever things were. They're all objections that need to be overcome as well. So things like that,
where you address specific objections,
because while one woman might've addressed it,
there's probably a lot of other women out there with the exact same objection that,
that they're thinking the same thing as well.

So the,
the problem is how to use dating apps effectively,
more effectively. Is that what this is? I mean,
I don't know if that's necessarily like that. That's the solution. But if we think about the,
the responses there and the symptoms of what the people have highlighted,
they're saying that they're just sick of using the sick of trying to find the
guy.

And if the,
how they've been used,
how they've been trying to find the guy is through the online dating sites. And because any of the guys that found there have been only looking for one
thing. So I don't know what the,
that like,
I don't know what the solution is there. Maybe Lila has a different solution on finding I like setting up an online
presence for,
for dating,
or maybe she has,
she's completely against the online and she has a better system for finding
guys offline. I don't like that's something that you need to speak to her about,
but like,
it's pretty obvious that that's,
that's a major problem that people have.

So maybe that's the problem I'd be trying to solve. Cause at the minute it's,
it just,
it feels a little like that you're trying to fit the attractive vetting per
course to a problem to a market. Whereas the reality is the right way to do it is to,
is to find a problem that a market has and deliver a solution to them. Where if you don't have the solution already is to come up with a solution. And then when you present a solution to a problem that people have,
they want it rather than trying to fit a square peg into a small,
into a round hole.

Yeah. I mean,
and we got the,
I mean,
the finding Mr. Mr. Right problem. And that's what we got from her discovery call submission form from 70,
70 women.

And out of the 70,
like probably 50 said,
some variation of that. So finding the Mr. Right is,
is a,
is a,
is an,
is a,
is an outcome that people have,
but people have,
what are the problems people have with finding Mr. Right? So like,
obviously some of the ones that were highlighted there is that the,
you know,
dealing with all the stuff online and dealing with guys who only want one
thing and so on and so forth.

And in dealing with the,
and their own baggage. I mean,
like have you addressed a personal baggage on the sales page? Like people,
someone,
one woman was saying she has a disability. Another woman was saying she's looking after her mother. Another woman was saying that she lives in a small town.

Another one was saying that she's Catholic. Like that's all personal baggage. That needs to be addressed. They're all objections that's going to prevent people from wanting to put
into work to find a Mr. Right,
because they don't feel that they're good enough in the first place to
find them.

Yeah. I mean,
we kind of say it doesn't matter what baggage you have because you're. I mean,
just,
just saying it doesn't matter what baggage you have versus actually
highlighting the baggage,
addressing it,
and then explaining why it's like explaining why it doesn't matter and
actually giving proof as to why it doesn't matter versus just,
Oh yeah,
it doesn't matter what baggage you have. So you're saying the outcome is a fine Mr. Right.

And the problem we're still kind of searching for the definition of that
and some,
something about apps haven't ever given me anything I wanted. apps haven't helped. What's the,
what's the problem you're suggesting or how would you articulate the problem? Sorry,
you're muted. Just looking at the,
those online submissions.

I mean,
it's like what's cropped up again and again is that they're sick of using the
online platforms because they own defined that because it's nothing but
Mr. Wrongs on the online platforms. So the problem could,
or the solution could be in a lot of different forms. She could say,
Oh,
here's a way to meet guys that not using apps. That's one way to solve that.

The other way is you don't know how to,
how to find the needle in the haystack on the apps. You know,
that could be it as well. Like,
like there was a couple of people that said that when they look at guys online,
it's,
it's hard to discern what they're really like versus meeting them in
person. Yeah. Okay.

So the survey was useful because we get a little bit more clarity on the
problems. And,
and I can,
in terms of the,
in terms of the,
why didn't divide a course? There was only one that mentioned price,
which is fine. The other ones,
they like,
they were a little bit fake,
but it was kind of geared around. They didn't think that they were good enough.

As in,
they didn't think that they came back to their baggage again. I mean,
like they're all internal or what they may perceive as baggage. The reality is whether someone's looking after their mother. I mean,
that lots of guys would see that as a good thing. Whereas if someone has a disability,
there's lots of guys out there that don't care whether someone has a
disability or not.

And if someone is living in a small town,
there's lots of guys living in small towns as well. That may feel the exact same way as you. And you just have to,
you know,
have the opportunity to meet that person. So,
so like the,
what someone sees as their own internal baggage,
the reality is it may not be baggage at all,
but the,
we have to,
you have to address those things in your message,
because that's obviously preying on people's minds. If people are not willing to,
to,
to buy a course or to get,
to get a program to help them find the Mr.

Right,
even though they,
what it feels like they do believe that the program can help them find
the Mr. Right,
but they're not willing to do it because they don't feel that they're
good enough. That's a major objection that needs to be addressed or,
or then lever by the course. Was there any other submissions? Time.

Yeah,
time. But this is,
I mean,
this person seems like they're just not really even interested. So I'm wondering,
why did you even click on the ad and,
and opt in? Because the,
the ad was,
the,
the ad was,
it,
it drew them in and it was a good,
the ad. And I,
I wouldn't necessarily say they're not interested.

I mean,
they're interested enough to reply to this message. Plenty of other people didn't reply. So there's definitely,
there's definitely a level of interest here. Okay. So maybe,
maybe I'll organize these a little bit better.

So I'll do that. But,
so,
so what the new information that we have at this point is
potentially some clarification of the problem as they perceive it. Right. That's the new,
that's the new. And like,
so the,
the main thing to think about is that whether the,
Lila's current course solves this or not.

And that's the big thing. So,
the problems that you're,
that the market has right now,
does,
do you have this,
does Lila have the solution to that right now in her course? And if not,
it needs to be created. Because once you can,
once you can actually solve that problem,
well,
then making those sales is so much easier because just saying you can solve
it isn't,
isn't enough. You have to be able to obviously prove that you can solve it.

And what the,
what you don't want to do is just kind of say you can solve it and then
sell them this attractive betting course,
but it doesn't really solve their real,
their true problem. Cause that'll just backfire on you in the long run. So then targeting,
we'd want to go after the dating apps,
right? So we'd,
we'd modify the Facebook targeting. Well,
I mean,
the targeting is that you could definitely,
you can certainly test going after those with a,
with a new ad set,
but I mean,
from a,
from a media point of view,
things have been looking good from a media point of view.

So like the,
unless they things,
since the last time we've spoke,
things have completely fallen off a cliff. But from a media point of view,
I think things have been,
they've been going okay. Well,
I'm just saying if we're,
if we're going to switch this thing to directly addressing the,
finding too many Mr. Wrongs with online dating. Well,
I mean,
the,
like the,
I remember now where your bottleneck is.

The bottleneck is on,
the sales page. And that's where they,
like,
that's where the major bottleneck is. The,
the,
the angle of finding Mr. Right and everything else that that's still,
that's still a good angle to use. Cause that's been working.

It's just how you present the solution to finding Mr. Right is what needs to be changed. So how you present the solution is no longer. It's not like we,
if you look at it just from a purity,
from an E5 point of view,
your lead now becomes the problem solution lead. So it's like,
the problem is that there's too many Mr.

Wrongs and on,
on these online apps and dating sites and stuff like that. There's too many guys on there. They're only looking for one thing. And it's very hard to,
to put yourself out there and use those dating sites and put yourself out
there to find Mr. Right,
especially when all of the people that you come up with are Mr.

Wrongs. And to top that off and what it also hampers your confidence,
especially if there's other things going on in your life,
like maybe you have a kid or maybe you're looking after a loved one,
or maybe that you're,
you're,
you come from a conservative family or maybe that you,
you may have some perceived disability that you might have. All those things go against you,
which can prevent you from putting yourself out there and actually finding
Mr. Right. So now what I've just done there in months,
one paragraph is addressed every single objection from,
from that survey.

So the things that,
Oh,
all these perceived bad things that perceived baggage that people have,
I've addressed that by,
and we've just,
we've stated a problem,
we've agitated that problem. And now we're going to present a solution,
which is this,
this attractive vetting. And then you can winch your E5 campaign on attractive vetting. If that's still the angle that you're going to use. And you,
you know,
you're going to your,
your,
your marketing argument on attractive vetting,
your,
your marketing thesis.

And then you present your,
your sin offer and so on and so forth. So I think because,
because the marketing argument up to this point has been blind to where
people are interacting with people. So the solution I think is the argument and the solution is,
I think largely the same,
but I'm wondering if we kind of,
but the argument is to get people to believe and buy into your marketing
thesis,
which is that there's the solution to finding Mr. Right is using attractive vetting. Like that's,
that's what your marketing argument is all about.

And then,
then you present your sin offer,
which is giving them in a,
a ridiculous way of learning your system. That just makes it easy for them to say yes. Yes. And I think,
I think all that's the same. I don't,
in other words,
I don't think anything is changing except the,
kind of the potentially the atmospherics and the details and the examples
to be restricted just to the familiarity of an online dating app
scene starting point.

And so that would just make,
make it feel like it's,
it's talking much more specifically about their problem. When I do think nothing's going to be different fundamentally about what we
recommend to solve this problem. Okay. She has been on Twitter. She's put out a thing for doing a digital profile makeover for people.

Okay. So I'm wondering if potentially we just shift to a low,
I don't want to tend to change up too much,
but a low price offer first. And then this,
how this is a backend or an upsell. So I mean,
they,
and was she thinking about charging for their digital profile makeover? She's just kind of beta testing it and getting,
trying to get people to,
to let themselves be guinea pigs on her service at first.

I mean,
but that,
that could lend itself nicely to a,
a good solution to the issue with finding the right guy on the dating
sites and blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah. And,
you know,
repelling the wrong guys on dating sites,
a digital profile makeover could be a good solution to that. If it was done,
if it was done,
right. So that might work well. Okay.

But it doesn't sound like you're fully convinced about what we have now is,
is already,
we're already addressing the,
why are we,
if I think that we're addressing this,
but they don't think we are,
what's the disconnect? The,
they did like the disconnect is,
well,
in my opinion is that in the current sales message and sales copy,
it speaks to the elements of this,
but it doesn't speak directly to this. I mean,
I don't think there's been anything mentioned about putting,
things like,
you know,
the,
a lot of the people that responded in the service said that they have,
you know,
one said they have a disability. One said they come from a small town. One said that they're,
they're minding their parents.

One,
another says,
you know,
that they,
they're a conservative Catholic. None of that was mentioned on your sales page. None of that is addressed on the sales page. You may speak to things like,
Oh,
if you have baggage,
it doesn't matter,
but that doesn't,
that doesn't speak to that problem. That's just glossing over a problem and not really speaking to it.

Oh my,
I have enough iterations now that everything's getting blended in my head. Yeah,
this is all,
this is all I said about that. And it's,
I,
I,
I do think that we have proven this,
but I didn't say,
I didn't reconnect that proof with these points. And the reason why I said it. Just unhighlight that,
which I have there.

So see what it says. Just take a one sentence out of all of this here. Attraction and alignment helps you find Mr. Wright helps your Mr. Wright find you and sweep you off your feet and even to open the door for
you.

That's a claim. So where's the proof that it does that? Well,
this is the lead. Do we prove it? There's still,
there's still work.

Is there any proof on this page at all? When you make a claim,
when we make a claim,
we have to,
we have to back up that claim. Otherwise it's just a,
it's just copy that has lots and lots of claims. Even in the lead. Yeah.

I mean,
even in the lead,
I mean like the,
you,
you build up the emotional hook in the lead,
but even,
okay. If we take the lead out for a second and we scroll down further on the
page,
you backing any of the claims that you're making,
are they being backed up with proof? No,
there's zero proof on this page,
except for her testimonial. I mean,
and that's,
that could be like,
that could,
that could be a reason why that,
that people aren't like,
they just don't believe that what you're saying is true. Cause they have no reason,
they have no reason to believe because at these days that people know
that you can say whatever you want on a page,
whether it's true or not.

So that's why we need to back up everything we say with a,
with a proof point. I'm trying to remember. I like a proof point here. It could be,
I'm all about proof,
but I thought,
I thought proof was for the argument,
not the lead. Well,
I mean like it.

Yeah. Okay. So it doesn't necessarily have to be in the lead,
but if it's not anywhere on the page,
it's,
it's a major problem. Yeah. Like you have.

Yeah. I mean that. We've proven the marketing argument. So you do have proof in your marketing argument. So scroll down to your marketing argument here.

So this is the multi-page. So the proof for that one,
how it helps them find you. So an example of proof for that sort of claim would be this idea
that chasing men,
men kind of violates the intrinsic wiring of men and women. And so when you're chasing them,
they,
you're actually pushing them away. And so this would be kind of the argument part of that.

So by staying in a receptive,
attractive posture,
you're kind of signaling that it's because,
you know,
you're worth pursuit. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. Okay.

So we're already,
um,
okay. What was the point here? So how much are we,
how much,
what is it? What is the adjustment to this new focus look like? It's getting more specific to the actual problems that people have and
less about just superficially addressing the problem,
but actually really address the problem.

Okay. So we're getting more specificity. That's the main thing. Yeah. Again,
especially,
I mean,
if,
if it's kind of a new picture here that,
you know,
we had kind of,
um,
I don't know how you're going to get a man,
but once you interact with him,
then we solve that with the chase stuff.

We figure out who's the good one with the vetting. And then the,
the,
um,
the fuel for all this is the reconnection with your feminine energy. And I,
I switched up that order. I put the order that way because this is kind of feels more practical and
actionable right away. And I,
I wondered if this would feel a little bit too much like set up beforehand.

And it's probably speaking,
you,
you,
you do this first and,
and then you learn how to,
uh,
if you,
if you go back to the survey results for a second,
Peter,
and they were saying that the majority were saying that they,
they're not even willing to chase anymore because they're so fed up with the online dating. And they're so fed up with finding the wrong guys. So they're not even,
they're not even putting themselves out there anymore. That's what a lot of people were saying. So like that,
that,
that first step then could be,
well,
a lot of people could read that and say,
yeah,
that makes perfect sense,
but I'm not willing to put myself out there anymore because I'm sick,
sick,
tired of the blah,
blah,
blah,
blah.

Well,
maybe I said this wrong. This,
this is,
we're saying don't chase. And I think a lot of people,
even if they feel their low energy and they don't want to chase. Yeah. I mean,
maybe that does connect better that we're not,
we're saying don't chase.

And actually you,
you probably think that you don't,
but you do. And,
and that's potentially a way that you're actually attracting these losers because you're the one making the moves. But my,
my point here was that maybe it's by,
we've,
we've left it as an open question. So it doesn't matter where the men are coming from. Here's what you do afterwards.

And maybe the modification is getting a little bit more clear. These are coming from apps and kind of making it more specific of,
of the flow that they're experiencing and how,
even with this starting point,
this is how you specifically do those in that context. Right. Okay. Does that make sense?

Yeah. And this is,
this is the reason why we've said apps don't,
whether or not you live in cities or apps or whatever,
it doesn't matter. It's just,
once you kind of are interacting with men in any context,
here's how you do that. But maybe that's,
that feels a little bit disconnected from the reader. Hmm.

So how,
so how many surveys did you send out? 650. 50? 650. See,
and how many responses?

Seven. I would say,
no,
send that email out again. I did a second time. That five from the first one,
two from the second one. Okay.

That's. And we incentivized it with an etiquette,
first date etiquette guide. Happy to try anything more though. Not too many opened it. Okay.

Any more enticing subject lines you can think of? The only,
what subject line did you use? Can I give you a gift for your thoughts for one? And then first date etiquette guide for free for the second one. If you were,
if you were going to send out another one,
I just like,
can you help me out?

Question mark. Takes like 10 seconds. Takes 10 seconds in the,
in the subject line. Yeah. So like,
can you help me out?

Question mark. I'll take like 10 seconds. Brackets or something like that. And then like the,
sometimes the having people to reply is a little bit of a deterrent and people
sometimes driving them to something like a survey monkey can be quicker
because it can be,
it can be perceived as anonymous because you can make it a survey monkey
anonymous. Whereas when people reply and you know who they are and you know,
what their problems are and people are less likely to do that.

So maybe try something like a survey monkey. Yeah. I have that built into my drop funnels platform. Okay. And just see if there's any,
any more trends,
if you can get a little bit more data and if there's more trends around the,
the whole problems with the,
with the online dating stuff and problems with the,
like people speaking about their own internal,
internal baggage,
whether it's the religion,
whether it's the,
the disability,
the,
the,
the minding a loved one or whatever the case is,
or like,
like there,
that's the problem to speak to.

Like there are the things to speak to in your sales message,
because that's what people are hurting. That's,
that's what's people that's holding people back or,
or that's what people think is holding them back right now. And like,
that's,
that's the thing to speak to. That's really the thing that you want to hone in on,
on,
in your message. Um,
any adjustment to the questions you'd recommend for the survey?

Um,
I think the questions are fine to be honest. I don't think I'd change anything. Okay. All right. I'll give that a go.

And I'll,
I guess I'll wait to make any adjustments to the copy till I get all those back. Okay. Cheers. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.
