---
title: "Media Buying 2022-04-11 19:00:26"
date: 2022-04-11
duration: 56m
duration_seconds: 3372
vimeo_id: 698343747
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-04-11 19:00:26

**Date:** 2022-04-11 | **Duration:** 56m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Can you hear me? Hey, David, how are you? I'm doing great. How are you?

I'm very well, thank you. Hey, Mark. Hey, Nadine. Hi, John. All right, so we have a few people on, which is good, and we have a few submissions as well.

So before we get to the submissions, David, I don't think you've been on one of my calls before, have you? No, I haven't, and for some reason, my camera is not working. That's okay. So do you want to tell me a little bit about yourself and your offer? Sure.

So I'm running a supplement funnel. It's a sleep supplement. I think Michael might have talked to you about it. And we're just getting the MVF started. We tested the big idea with the Captivation page.

We've got a 20% Captivation, so theoretically, the big idea works. Now I'm trying to test the VSL, and I had a couple of questions about that and also some other stuff that I'm thinking about as well. I don't know if you've got my questions, but... I haven't got your questions, but we can cover them when we get to it. So we're just going to cover a couple of the submissions first, and then we'll jump to you, okay?

Sure. Right, Mark. So we'll jump to you first, okay? Thanks, John. So you submitted...

So you're running to the webinar, and you're getting a, what is it, a 43% opt-in? The stats on Infusionsoft, in terms of people opting in, actually is different to Facebook's stats. Right, okay. Facebook shows 25%, but Keep shows about 43% opting in. So your stats on Infusionsoft has shown 43%, but then when you check the stats on Facebook, it's 25%.

Yeah. But are they... So like Infusionsoft, I would go with the Infusionsoft stats because they'll be the more accurate ones because they're coming from source. So I'd like, because of the issue with tracking, essentially the tracking numbers inside of Facebook ads right now in terms of their dashboard,
because they're either vastly under-reporting or over-reporting, always track at source. So what you can track at Facebook is like your click-through rate and your link clicks in terms of that.

That will be accurate. But in terms of opt-in rates and in terms of number of leads and everything else, at the minute until if and when you get like a third-party source tracking, track at source. So if Infusionsoft says 43%, let's go with 43%, okay? We've actually set up individual landing pages, opt-in pages for each audience and each ad so that we can really hopefully get very accurate figures, if that makes sense. Okay, yeah.

And so is there any particular question or token point you want to cover based on that? Yeah, it was just, as I said, you know, at the moment I'm redoing the photon infusion campaign because I have to switch products to the gilet. And Michael, you know, redid the offer. We need some footage of the product. So I'm in process with that.

So meanwhile, I actually really, can I apply all this, you know, what we've been doing to example, for example, for creating, you know, like a webinar funnel with an MVF and just go through the whole process. But for, you know, for the webinars that I'm doing, what would you suggest? Well, what's the question? The question is, again, you know, how to, you know, what I want to do is actually generate traffic for our webinars, where, of course, as you know, on the webinars, I'm making offers. So what's the best way to really get that off the blocks, you know, and generate traffic for the webinars?

Well, I remember we've discussed your webinars in the past and you're getting a decent amount of leads there and everything else. And when it comes to webinars, it all stems from, like, reverse engineering what it is you want. So, like, how many, like, working out the schedule for your webinar. So say you're doing a webinar, let's say, we're the 11th of April today. Let's say you're doing a webinar on the, say you're doing it on, you know, Thursday, the 28th of April.

So roughly, you know, we have essentially like two and a half weeks of promotion time. So then, like, we know that we have, we have a certain promotion window. So then we have to, you want to figure out, well, how many leads do you want to get to register for the webinar? So let's say if you're, if you are converting at 43% for this current one, and I had a look at your page and it's a nice, simple claim page, nice, simple headline. And maybe that's why it's working so well.

Well, let's say it's converting at 43%. So let's say, so in terms of driving traffic to the webinar, it comes down to, well, how many leads do you want to get for the webinar? So do you want to get, let's say we want to get 1,000 leads, knowing that 50% of the people will show up. So we know that we're going to get 500 attendees. So in order to get 1,000 leads at a 43% opt-in, if you're currently getting link clicks for, say, $2, you know that it's going to cost you about, roughly, if we want to round up, say, $4 a lead.

So if you wanted to get 1,000 leads, you know you need to spend $4,000. And then if we get a show-up rate of 50%, that's 500 people showing up, which is costing you about $8 for someone to show up to the webinar. So it all stems from, when we looked at your previous webinar campaigns on Facebook, the numbers were really good and the ads were really good. And it seemed like you'd really kind of dialed in your audience targeting and everything else. So for you, I mean, the ideal steps for you in terms of filling a webinar is just getting clear on how many people you want to get on the webinar.

And reverse engineering those numbers based on your average lead costs and then just having your budget, enough of a budget in order to achieve your lead cost goals. Because I remember in your previous webinar, your campaign budget was initially, I think it was like £5, £10 a day in a couple of different campaigns. And you were getting like an ideal lead cost, your lead cost was really good, but the budget was not high enough in order for you to achieve the amount of leads you wanted to get on the webinar. What was happening actually is that the number of people converting from Facebook has been minimal. The conversions that we had on the webinars were from the people who were warm on our list.

The people that have literally opted in for the first time to the webinars from the ads haven't been really converting. So let's talk about that for a second because there's a couple of things that could be going on there as well. One, it may be like a, it may be a targeting issue, which I don't think it is based on having looked at your previous campaigns. I don't think targeting was an issue, but it may be something to consider. But then two, one thing to consider is that when I register for your webinar, and I'll opt in for this one here now, and I'll just, where's the, I have the link in front of me.

So, essentially what I'm looking for is what happens after I register? What's the, what's the next? What happens is you go to a thank you page, and then you, you get, you just get the emails with, you know, confirming the links, and then you get the warm up to the, the countdown to the webinar. I haven't, I mean, I think they need, I think we discussed this. You mentioned that it's good to warm them up, but I wasn't sure the best way to be, to be doing that between, shall we say, from registration through to the webinar.

So, like, when I, when I opt into the, the, the thank you page now, like, this is what pops up. There is a thank you page that says, thanks, you're registered for the webinar, but then immediately this thing pops up, which is download your free guide and to finish the guide to fair and fair and fair light therapy. I don't know if this is what, if this, if you want this to be popping up or not, but this may or may not, like, it may not be, be hampering the experience for someone who's registering for a webinar. So, what we could do, like, so, I would work on improving the, the indoctrination sequence that happens after someone registers. So, maybe there's a, and what we can have is a video from you, thanking them for registering, getting them excited for the topic that you're going to be covering,
and then starting to introduce yourself and your, the Get Fit brand to them, tell them a little bit about it, what you do, who you help, how you help them,
to start to indoctrinate them into you.

So, that'll start to warm up those leads a little bit. And then if you do want, like, I don't know if that pop-up was a generic pop-up on the website or whatever the case is. Yeah, it is, but we get a lot of people, interestingly, most of the people that opt in for the webinar normally sign up to that. Well, and I, I'm not surprised that they do, because it just comes up front in their face, but having them sign up for that may be deterring them from doing anything on the webinar,
because they get confused and they go off in a completely different direction. So, we want to make sure that anything that we have on our, our pages, that where we may get some results from them,
but are those results in, are they being detrimental to what we really want the people to be doing?

And then when we, when we're having people go through a funnel or going through a process,
we have to be cognizant that we try and keep them as closely to that process as possible,
because if they go off on different tangents, they can, like, they can forget that they've registered for the webinar,
to download this guide, to start reading this guide, they may, they may go on to buy something,
they may not go on to buy something, but then they may have forgotten what's going on previously,
and then they don't show up for the webinar. And I actually have a specific, so what I would normally do if someone opts in for something is to have a,
an email, an email follow-up sequence, which is what I should do when they register, actually. Absolutely, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I haven't been doing that. The other thing I wanted to ask you is, I've been, been talking to someone at Facebook as well,
and I wanted, wanted your thoughts on this.

They were suggesting that potentially people are not warmed up enough,
and that it might be a good idea to do ads for lead generation and for traffic,
as opposed to what we're doing, conversion for lead. Well, like, that, to me, that's not necessary. Like, you're getting a 43% opt-in. People are warm, people are, people are showing interest in registering for a webinar related to fatigue. So, like, the issue isn't that side of things.

The issue is what's happening after the register. Yeah. Like, there is, there may be a little confusion with that guide. There may be not enough effort put in to, to warm them up and get them excited about the webinar. Yeah.

And, and everything else, whereas it's just, just, just because they register,
and just because they, we get that lead nice and, at a nice cost that we're comfortable with,
doesn't mean that, like, everything else is just going to fall into place. We still have to put in the effort at every single stage. Yes. And, like, we can never underestimate, like, at, at every stage, like, think about it,
think about every step as a task that, okay, you've got them to register. Now the next task is to make sure that they show up.

And make sure to show, like, we're never going to get 100% show up rate, unless we were driving
to, like, an evergreen webinar that plays instantly, which is another story altogether. But, like, so, when you're thinking about, okay, they've registered for the webinar,
next it's, like, well, what, what do I have to work on to, to get to my, get my show rate
to, you know, 60, 70%. And the first step is to figure out, well, what is it now? What is it? Is it 10% now?

Is it 15%? And wherever it is now, it's, like, okay, well, what, what do I want my benchmark to
be? And, like, a decent enough benchmark, at least starting off, is going to be, like, well,
can I get it to 50%? And maybe you can't. Maybe, maybe it'll always be 35%.

Maybe it'll always be 40%. But at least we have a benchmark to aim for, and we have a starting point that we're trying
to improve. Yeah. And then by the steps to improve those things, some things that you can implement pretty
quickly is having a video on the thank you page with no other distractions, so no other
links at the top, no other pop-ups or anything like that, just a video that they can play
to get used to hearing your voice, get used to seeing your face, and get introduced to
you, your brand, and then also start to get them excited for the webinar. So start to talk a little bit about what you're going to cover, start to talk a little bit
about the pain points and the problems that you're going to solve for them, you know,
reiterate the time and date that they have, asking them to put it into their calendar,
and asking them to, when they get their email, to reply to the email with any questions they'd
like covered on the webinar as well.

So include them in the process. Things like that can work really well. Is there any chance we might be able to get the lead cost down if we did do lead general
traffic generation as opposed to conversion? With traffic generation, I know exactly what will happen. You'll get a lot of traffic with a high click-through rate, but you'll get a very low opt-in rate.

Poor quality, yeah. Not necessarily poor quality in terms of poor conversions. Like, the way to increase or reduce your lead cost is by optimizing the ads. Like, when you're running a lead-gen campaign or if you're running a sales campaign,
without a shadow of a doubt, the best type of campaigns to be running are conversion campaigns. Right.

That doesn't mean you're not going to use the other campaigns at some stage. It just means that we may use them at different stages. But right now, like, without a shadow of a doubt, conversion campaigns are the way to go. And if, like, if lead cost isn't where you need to be, it's probably a function of the
opt-in rate, which is very good. So it's not a function of the marketing side.

Or we need to have better ads or better targeting. Also, we seem to be getting learning limited on a lot of the ads. Is that due? We've got about, I think, 10 ads in an ad set. Is that too many?

Nine ads or something. No, the learning limited is that you're not spending enough. So, like, you have to, in order to leave learning limited, an ad set has to get 50 conversions
in a week. And if you're not getting 50 conversions at least in a week per ad set, you're going to
be in learning limited. Because the way it works is, say, if you know that you want to get, you have to get 50 conversions
a week to leave, and your budget currently is $10 a day, but a lead is costing you $10,
that means that a week you're only going to get, on average, seven leads.

But you have to get 50 to leave learning limited, which means you need to have a budget of 10
by 50, which is 500, divided by 7, which would be about, you know, 40-ish a campaign
or per ad set, which can be, it can be done, it can be worked out. But essentially, when you're at learning limited, it means that Facebook isn't able to get it,
get the amount of conversions it needs in order to leave learning limited. And that's a function of your budget. And we've got somebody helping us with media buying. I mean, should our media buyer be researching audiences and really...

If you've got someone running your media buying, I mean, they should be, yeah, they should
be doing all of that. They should be covering all of this and, like, they essentially should be taking it
off your hands completely. And, like, they shouldn't... If they're just pushing buttons that you're telling them to push, I mean, they're not
really media buying, they're just pushing buttons. So they should be doing all the audiences and testing all the...

And actually... Absolutely, yeah. ...the targeting. Okay. Thank you very much.

Brilliant. John, thank you very much for your help, as always. Thanks, Berg. Thanks. Thanks.

So, David, we'll jump to you next, and then Nadine, we'll jump to you, if that's okay. And then I know Christian has submitted, which I'll cover at the end, because he can't. He's going to be watching the recording. So, David, your supplement offer, you have some specific questions about running to the
VSL. Yeah.

So, I ran one test to the Captivation page, and then I ran another test straight to the
VSL to test what the video would be like. 20% of the people are watching the video. So, I think that's pretty low. This is off a cold Facebook ad. Then I modified the ad...

So, hold on for a second. So, when you drive to Captivation page, you're getting a 20% opt-in, you were saying. Yes. And then, what was the view rate from those leads? About 40.

Yes. That's... Yes. And one of the issues with driving direct to VSL is that we will have a lower view rate. But it's just...

The reason why I recommended to Michael to drive to VSL was that economically, in the long
run, it's probably likely going to make more sense in terms of this, because based on your
price point and based on what you're offering, driving to an opt-in to get someone to watch
a VSL, then, and then to make that work economically, generally can be very difficult versus if we
drive directly to the VSL to get the consumption. So, is 20%... Should I just not worry about it? That's just the way it is? That's just business as usual?

I mean, at least on Facebook? I mean, we'd always look at improving it. Can you send a link in the chat to the page and I can take a look at it? Sure. I'll send you the clone page, so we don't mess up the data.

And how many clicks have you had to the new VSL? Or to the new... So, I had 100 views on the video, so a couple of hundred, like 300, 400. And how much was spent? About 500 bucks, give or take.

In total or...? I mean, I'm thinking in total, yeah. In total. And just say, how much was spent in the campaign just to this VSL page? 250 bucks.

Okay. So, the first ads I sent to the VSL were better cost. They were really cheap, but not many people were watching. It was 20% as well. I made an ad that's very similar, but explicitly saying it's a video, and it was about 20% as
well.

So, this was a much... I mean, my click-through rate was like 1.3, whereas the other one was like two and a half. So... Can you pull up your ad so you can take a look at the tagging? I can't pull up the account, but I can show...

No, I can't pull that up on this computer, because when I log in on a different IP, it just... I get my account banned from... Like, automatically banned from Facebook for whatever reason. Okay, but don't do that there. Yeah, Facebook is a...

I'll be nice. This is... Can you see my screen? Yep. This is the second ad that's explicit about the...

It was very similar to the first ad that went straight to VSL. This is just one of the pictures. I just took a print screen. And this, again, this has a low click-through rate. I left it as is.

Just wanted to finish the test on all the pictures. And so, it was one ad, one... And what was the targeting? Targeting was... So, my market is everybody in fitness.

So, I had fitness, CrossFit, HIIT. I had just kind of a broad market within that space. It was like an 80 million size market. It was only one audience. And...

Yeah. Okay. And so, when you were getting opt-ins,
so, how many opt-ins did you get originally in the original campaign? Out of... So, I sent about 150 clicks.

So, I was about 30. 30. And there was no sales? No. Funny enough, the second one, straight to VSL,
I got one sale right away.

Like, literally within 20 minutes. Okay. Which is weird. Which is strange. So, then...

So, the second campaign, you spent... You spent roughly 250. Yep. And... What was the average order value?

I've kept it. It's... It was 39 bucks. But I have a 136 option. So, there's like...

So, are you doing like one bottle, three bottles, six bottles, or... Yeah. And the person... I have... I don't...

Yeah. They took it one bottle. Yeah. They took the one bottle. Okay.

So, it's... So, it is positive that you got that one sale. So, that... Did that one sale come from... Was there...

So, in your ad campaigns, obviously, you can't share them because of the issue with the IP address. But was it one campaign, one ad set, one ad? Or was there multiple ad sets and multiple ads? One ad set, multiple ads, multiple pictures. Okay.

So, then which... Do you know what the cost per sale was on the ad that converted? No. Actually, Facebook didn't pick it up. So, I don't know.

I don't know which picture converted it. Because it didn't show up on the pixel of Facebook's pixel, of course. Because their stuff's never accurate. But anyway. Yeah.

So, that's unfortunate. But I would say, like, I... It was, like, 20 bucks in. So, it was, like, let's call it 20 bucks. Right.

Okay. Well, I mean, it's positive that you got the one sale. I mean, in terms of next steps and... In terms of, like, what we're looking to do when we're testing an MVF, and I'm sure Michael has gone over this with you and everything else,
is we're looking to get, like, is there interest in my idea? Is there...

Has there been... Like, think of it like a fishing analogy. Are the fish biting the bait? And it seems like we tested the traffic captivation, and they were certainly biting, because you were getting leads. Now, obviously, we can always improve a 20% opt-in, and that's fine.

And then when you drove to VSL, you got a sale, which is great, which means people are not only consuming the video, but someone bought as well. So, that's, like, in terms of an MVF, like, exact numbers that hit your exact numbers that a normal MVF might hit, if we're happy, we'd have to dig in and see. But the, like, positive in terms of initial MVF results. So, next steps for me would be... What?

So, the first question I had was, I shouldn't be too concerned about only one out of five people are watching the video. There's nothing there that I can... That I should... Like, is that dramatically too low? Or is there something...

Like, just as a first question. So, first, like... So, the first question, well, should you be... Like, is it too low? I mean, it's low.

It is low. But one thing that we have to be cognizant of is when we drive direct to anything, the... Like, when we drive to a lead gen and someone opts in to watch something, the view rate is always higher than if we drive directly. That doesn't mean... Like, that doesn't mean that the...

We shouldn't drive directly either. It means that we can try and prove the view rate. Like, if I refresh this, could we improve the thumbnail? Probably. It's like...

Like, it seems very... It's blurred. Oh, no. It's just loading there. Could the thumbnail...

I actually think the thumbnail is quite good. But maybe we could have an exit pop on there. Wait, don't forget to watch the video or something like that. Or maybe we can have some... If I share my screen here quickly...

We can include things to see if we can improve the view rate. So, let me just share my screen and give you an idea of what we could add here. So, like, we could test a different thumbnail. That could be an initial test to do. Maybe this kind of a navy background.

Maybe we could test a variation of that. Maybe we do, like, a different color one, a variation of that. Or maybe what we could do is we add in some teaser bullets underneath. So, whereas, like, in this video, you will learn and, like, have anywhere from three to five teaser bullets. And see what that does to our view rate.

Like, so, because, like, 20% is a little bit low. But before I'd make a definitive decision on whether 20% really is the bottleneck, I'd like to see, like, if we could see full stats from the ad campaigns all to, like, full stats of the actual, on the marketing side as well, if that makes sense. So, I've got to go through what the leads do, you know, where people drop off on the lead and the message and the offer and that type of stuff with Michael and figure that out and see where I'm at there. I was more concerned with you for, like, the media buying. Like, is there anything to do here or I leave it as is and then drive some places to see the rest?

Do you know what your link click-through rate is? On the ad? On the ads, yeah. So, the first one that didn't say anything about a video was about two and a quarter, two and a half. When I'm asking the question, I'm talking specifically about the campaign that's driving direct to the VSL, not the previous ones.

So, I had two campaigns. Well, I had two ads. One ad was something around sleep block or something. Didn't mention anything about a video. That was two and a quarter.

The second one is much more explicit that says there's a video about sleep blockers. That one's about, now, about 1.2. So, really much lower. 1.2. So, yeah.

So, you're above the, like, the two and a quarter is fantastic. The 1.2 is still pretty good as well. Like, I mean, anything above 1% approaching 1.5% is really good. But if we're getting into the 2% range, we're doing really, we're really strong. So, like, that's a, that's, they're very good signs that they're, like, the targeting is quite good,
but also that the ad messaging is quite good as well.

So, the link, you're talking link through, click through, right? Not, not click through, just click through, right? Yeah. The link click through. Okay.

Yeah. Yeah. Because click through is about four. So, one out of four people, people like, that's the pictures, right? I had some good pictures in there.

Yeah. So, like, a link click through, if that's between 1.2 and 2.2 or two and a quarter, I mean, that's, that's strong. That suggests good targeting. That suggests good ads. So, then, like, in terms of an optimization point, yes, the 20% may be one of the areas that we focus on and see if we can get more people actually consuming the video.

And, like I said, I'd probably test a different thumbnail. Because you're using Wistia, what I might test is having, like, a, you know, the animated, the video thumbnail that, like, starts, you can set it at a certain point to start and finish. So, like, it plays the first couple of seconds of the video. And then, like, that's the... Is that going to be Facebook compliant?

Yeah, I mean, because it's, it's, it's the, it's, it's on this page here, so it's fine. It's just, it's, it's not, it's no sound. It's just a, it's just kind of like a, think of it like, it's not really like a GIF. It just plays, you can set it to play the first five seconds, the first 10 seconds, and it just plays it rolling. So, like, it just, it just prompts you to press the actual play button.

Okay. All right. I have some other questions around YouTube. And then, maybe some of the, those, those teaser bullets, like I mentioned. Okay.

So, okay. So, I'll talk to Michael about the campaign, and then I'll look at how to get the consumption. I had some other questions around YouTube and GDN, these are really, really quick questions. Okay. That's okay.

I wanted to transition off Facebook eventually. So, I had a question around YouTube. If I'm doing my targeting, should, can, should I just use my demographics as fitness and the age bracket I'm looking for? And then all my keyword and placement and affinity markets all be part of sleep? Do you know what I mean?

Because I'm targeting my, my markets, uh, fitness people. Um, you'd probably, the, the better way to do it would probably be, be, so like your demographics, the way YouTube would be, your demographics will be the, um, you know, the male, female, their age range, their, their, their, um, income demographic, whether they're a parent or they're not a parent. And then like, in terms of, for you, the best way to might be looking at it is like people who have an affinity for fitness, who are searching for keywords related to sleep. Okay. Got it.

All right. So it'll be around, it'll be on the keyword and placement side where I, where I target their intent. Um, yeah, so I've, I've probably created like audiences in, inside of your Google ads dashboard, you can create audiences of people who have like purchase intent and they have affinities for like fitness related stuff and they're interested in fitness related topics. But then I would layer that up with the, for those people who were searching for the keywords of, you know, like help with sleep, sleep remedies, sleep supplements, sleep, um, sleep hacks and things like that. Okay.

I got it. And then the last question is around GDN. Um, what are your thoughts on, cause I'm thinking either GDN or YouTube as the next platform. Um, should, is this a type of offer that I could run on GDN, uh, straight to VSL or straight to, uh, live. Long sales, long form sales after it's tested and we know where the offer converts.

Yeah. I mean, we're, one of our clients is in a supplement space and they, uh, they have a, a brain supplement and we're running on GDN now with them. And we're driving directly from GDN, uh, to an advertorial that kind of positions the video. And then it's going for, so it's going from GDN advertorial to the VSL and it's VSL is like 50 minutes long and it's converting really well. Okay.

Um, you, you, all right. So I'm thinking of that strategy as well as, uh, after I go through the MVF stuff and make sure everything is up and running. So that's, okay. So GDN advertorial to VSL. GDN advertorial VSL works really well.

And then if you were like, if you were looking at to, to another native platform, anytime you use native, it's like having a bridge between the VSL and the ad usually works the best. So like if it was outbrain or tabula or GDN, like having some sort of an, like an advertorials article style page to position the next step to get them. So like to essentially it's going to be qualifying the click. So they're clicking the GDN ad, the banner or the graphic that they see in GDN. We want to qualify that click on a page that like there might be a mini advertorial with like a three to 400 word article.

And then they, when they click on that, they're brought directly to the VSL. So it's like a, it's a, like a double qualifier. They click the ad, they click the advertorial, they watch the VSL. The advertorial would be, have some similar content to the VSL, I would assume. Absolutely.

It's, it's merely, it's, it's the, the advertorial kind of gets them excited about watching the VSL. It's like this breakthrough sleep method from X, Y, and Z, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, click here to watch it now. And it's not, it doesn't have to be a long advertorial. It could be, like I said, anywhere from three to 400 words. Okay.

That's awesome. If, are there any, and I know you can't give this client's name. Are there any people that you can, like swipes I can look at just to get an idea of the advertorial structure? That you would recommend that you want. I mean, what I can do is I'll ask the client if he's okay with me sharing the advertorial with you to see you.

And like, it's a different, it's a different supplement for, it's for a different, it's a different type of supplement, different niche. So, I mean, I'll ask them if they're okay using it. And if they're here, I'll pass it on to Michael, and he can send it to you. That's much appreciated. Thank you very much.

Merci, Nadine. Thank you, Nadine, for waiting. I don't know if, I'm good. Thanks. Thanks, John.

This is really helpful. Have a good one. Bye-bye. Hey, Nadine. Hello, hello.

How are you? Good. How are you? Very good. Thank you.

Good. Okay. I kept running the ads. Okay. Yeah.

So, let me share the screen. Okay. So, what, so I just refreshed it recently. What can I show you? Okay.

Let me see. So, we'll filter from the date range anyway. So, you have the date range okay. So, how much in total was spent? In this date range, a little above 550 now.

550. Okay. So, can I, actually, can I request remote control access? Mm-hmm. Okay.

So, we'll do, I see you have them, you have the three ad sets in together. But if we can look at each ad set individually first. Mm-hmm. So, I'll just untick these. Let's slow the load.

And the date range is correct. So, it's from the Thursday. I put this, that, because that's since we arranged the pixels. Perfect. Okay.

Mm-hmm. So, cost per link click looks quite high across all, all three ad sets. Mm-hmm. But we'll dig, dig it in a second. Link click rate across ad sets is a little bit low.

It's less than 1%. It says total clicks is 315. And let me just click in. And we'll have a look at each individual ad set now. So let me see here.

Okay, we can see. So in each ad set, there's how many ads? 16, I think. In each ad set? Yeah, I have three pictures.

It just is, sorry, you're with the mouse. It hides behind the share things. So I have four pictures times four copy. So that is 16, yeah. Okay.

So you really got, you went all out on the ads anyways. That's good. Okay, so let me see when I filter here. So each of them gets a pretty low budget, generally speaking, since I launched them. So I don't know how statistically relevant the numbers are.

So if you look at some of your ads here, it's a good sign that you did a lot of aggressive testing in each ad set, which is good. But we can also see as well, I mean, the overall cost per action is 521, but we can see that some of your ads, like the cost per click is crazy, like crazy high, which is driving up the rest. So, like, I would definitely be, I'd definitely be turning these, these ones off, because like they, while the, hasn't got a massive amount of impressions, but still, it's like, it's a very high cost per click. Whereas if we look up here at these ones, like, I mean, you're, the link click to rate 2.67 is great. It's fantastic.

1.64, fantastic. 6.1, fantastic. 1.27, very good. 1.16, very good. 1.08, decent as well.

And then we start to kind of drop off a little, but still, they're not terrible at these kind of cost per clicks. Like, if you look at the, the 2.67 one, now, well, it's only gotten two clicks. It's gotten two clicks at 82 cents. So, like, that would suggest that this ad, let it load. Effortless path to consistent client enrollment.

But this ad is very strong. And it suggests that this ad is very strong based on the initial results. So, that's, that's really good. So, these are positive signs without looking at any of the other results. Well, let's look at the other, the other two ad sets as well.

So, in terms of the ad spend that you spent. So, in terms of these 315, or sorry, link clicks is 100, 100 link clicks in total. So, what has that translated to on the actual page? Has there been any appointments? No appointments?

Shall I show it to you? Yeah. Okay. So, that's the play since the beginning of, since I started to, to, to also, I wrote also emails. If we want to look, like, do you want to see this number or say, like, corresponding with the April 7th?

Yeah, let's do corresponding with April 7th. So, yeah, that's 13 plays, two completes. Okay. And at what point does the, does the button appear again? At what time?

What time, yeah? I'll have to check. I can check. I think it's somewhere around 30. And at any point, were you running, so, you're driving directly to the BSL page, right?

37, yeah. And you're driving directly to the BSL page? Yes, that's right. At any point, had you, just to remind me, had you tested driving to an opt-in first? No, Michael recommended that we try direct to the BSL, so we get more views in a shorter time.

Okay, well, that makes sense in terms of getting more views and getting them quickly. But in terms of, just like the, it's a, it's a 15-minute video, is that correct? This one? The whole video is, the whole video is 46 minutes, and the average that we saw before in the engagement thing was 15 minutes. Yeah.

Yeah. Now, you're getting 15 minutes watch time, on average, driving directly from ad to direct to page, which is, like, that's, that's pretty good. Like, that's, that's pretty strong. But that's just, with 13 views. I know, it's, like, it's not going to, there's not going to be, it's just with however amount of views it is, but I mean, it's, like, even at that, I mean, I know it's just, we're dealing with small numbers, and, like, it is what it is, but that's still, like, out of those 13 people, they've watched an average 15 minutes each.

Like, so, like, that's, that's pretty good, and that's driving directly to the BSL. So, if we go back to your ads for a second, because there's, there is area for optimization in the ads, and it's not so much adding, it's more removing some stuff, because they're, let's look at the second ad set for a second. Is this the one we were looking at? No, this is, it's not. So, this one here, we have, like, so, if we look at your link click-through rate, if, so, the average is 0.76, but we have, like, someone's here again, that are really good, and then if we scroll down, like, we kind of drop off massively.

So, what I would do, and I'm assuming it's the same in the, in the other one as well. Let's just double check. Yeah, like, this is great, like, 2 points, 2%, 1.8, 1.7, 1.45, and I know we're dealing with a small amount, but look at this one here. You're 12 link clicks at 1.82%, at a 1.59, and your overall is 4.78. So, in terms of optimizing, I would go through each of these three ad sets, and, like, make, either in a separate spreadsheet, or make a note somewhere yourself, just which ones have been performing the best, in terms of link click-through rate, and your cost per link click.

Okay? Because what we want to do is we want to turn off the ones that haven't been performing. Now, I know some of them in each of the ad sets haven't got any results, but they've got, it looks like they've been spending, which, let me see, they've gotten some impressions, so they have been spending. Yeah, so, like, these ones here. There's optimizations that we can be done here.

So, what I would do is I'd be focusing on each of your ad sets, focus on the top, out of the 16, I'd probably do the top four in each. That should, like, dramatically bring down your link click costs, which would also bring down your, you know, obviously your cost per visitor. But something that may be worth testing, because it's such a long video, is the opt-in in front of it. The what? The opt-in, yeah.

Having a landing page at the beginning. Mm-hmm. Because, I mean, if you think about it, if you went from an ad to a page, would you sit down and watch a 15-minute video? You may, and you may not, but the data suggests that people are only watching 15 minutes. Whereas, at least, if they had an opt-in, they can opt-in.

And, like, for me, what I normally do is if I see something I like on, like, an ad, or I might click the ad and opt-in on my phone, and then, like, go back and watch it later on on my desktop. Yeah. But in terms of the ads, I mean, there's a lot of good gold in here, but I would do a bit of a culling now, because you've gotten the data, and you've gotten them, you've done the hard work in testing the different combinations and testing the different images. So now what I would do is I'd go through each ad set and pinpoint which ones have worked the best, and then just turn off the rest. Because, like, that should, like, if your overall cost per, we'll go back to the campaign level here for a sec.

So your overall cost per link click is 532, which, you know, that's hard to deal with. So what I'd be, like, but when you bring down your, when you hone in on the best performing ads, we should be able to at least bring that down by, you know, 30, 40, 50%. Yeah. Okay. Does that make sense?

Absolutely. Okay. So, and for now, the VSL, like, looks good. Nothing to change there right now. I wouldn't change anything there right now.

What I would test probably is putting a landing page in front of it just because of the length of it. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Cool.

Thank you. No problem. Okay, so then, see you soon. Yep. Thanks, Nadine.

Hopefully, by Thursday, we'll have some more data and we'll get some bookings in as well. Absolutely. Yes. Thank you so much. Thanks, Amelia.

Have a great day. You too. Bye. Okay. So, Christian, this next bit is going to be for you because I know you're going to be watching the recording.

So just let me close down things here. And here we go. So you said that you had your ads disapproved by copyright. So I had a look at your ads. I want to cover that first and then we can cover the other things that you mentioned.

So the reason why it's copyright. So I had a look inside. Obviously, we've read access to your campaigns. And like the issue with the copyright is I don't think it's down to music or anything like that. It may be down to when I looked at your ads, this third party footage.

So where did you get this footage? And if we go back to the very beginning. Like this third party footage here. And then any of the other third party footage within this video ad, this may be the issue. So depending on where you got that, if you got it from an open source place, like if you downloaded it from Google or something like that, or if you got it from an actual place that gives you the rights to use it, well, then I would appeal the ad.

And I would appeal the ads and let them know that it isn't actually copyright. So you have the copyright, you have a valid copyright claim. Now, if it isn't related to the video and it's related to, it may be related to you teaching them how to play music. And maybe in the, maybe in your, I'm not sure. I haven't watched all of your VSL, but if in your VSL, you're mentioning that they can play songs, you know, play hundreds of popular songs and guitar.

And it may be a case of they, they, they think that you, you're trying to sell them copyrighted music. So yeah, you could appeal that and then get it escalated. Okay. So generally what happens is this has probably been disapproved by a robot, but when you appeal, it'll get a manual review by an actual human. So that may be the issue because that's, that's one thing in terms of the copyright.

So, um, let me know if since then you have appealed it and, um, but I, it's either because of the footage in the videos or it's down to the, the whole music copyright, um, angle as well. That, that, that may be the issue. So I know you have a, and you have some screenshots of the ads. I mean, like you're the, we'll talk about the lead in a second, but going back to the, the, the view rates of the ads. I mean, view rate, 28% click through rate, 1.22 CPC 1.91.

You say definitely outside of your CPC margin of safely, but it's still like, there's still decent click through rates. Like the, I wouldn't be, I wouldn't say that the, like you're saying that, um, why the ad metrics is so bad this time. They're not bad. I mean, the view rate is still really good. 28%.

The click through rate is still above 1%. So it's still good. So that's an overall click through rate. But if we drag drill in and do we see your stats here? Let me see.

For some reason they're not showing up. Maybe it was in a different campaign that you got actual results in. Let me go over here. So it says none of your ads actually got any impressions here. If I filter from, maybe it was from,
we'll do Friday to the 11th.

So you got a conversion here. Is this a sale conversion or just a lead conversion? Um, so if you were a 28%, 28%,
maybe it's these ones that you were talking about. So maybe it's just get clarity on whether,
so you said you squeezed out some views to the BSL. Maybe it was in the previous campaigns that you've squeezed them out of,
but let me just take a look at the actual.

So you've got 28% view rate and we'll start with this campaign. So you don't have click through rate on there,
but I'm going to add it for you here. So I mean like your ads are still performing well,
like 1.41. This one is before poor,
1.61,
1.43,
0.84. So like it brings down the overall,
but you've still got three ads there performing really well.

And that's in one campaign. So if we go to another campaign and have a look at those ones,
this one here. Again,
add hook five,
2.15,
really strong,
1.57,
really strong,
0.8. Okay. That's not so good.

Hook two,
1.24. It's okay. It's not terrible. So your ads are not bad. And I want to hyper on that the ads are not the issue.

Maybe the issue is on the VSL side,
which we'll take a look in a second,
but I just want to check the final campaign from there. So in your email here,
you're saying maybe my ads suck. Maybe the ads are so bad this time. Your ads are not bad. The ads are not the issue whatsoever.

So I want to just make sure that you're clear on that. So then this one here. So a final check on the ads. View rate,
17. It's not 20%,
but it's close.

32%. That's great. 11%. That's not too strong. 16%.

It's okay. 23%. That's very good. Click through rates,
1.89. Fantastic.

1%. Pretty good. 0.6. Could be improved. 0.96.

Could be improved. 1.1. It's okay. So your ads are very strong across those three campaigns. So ads are definitely not the issue.

It may be the issue that's on the actual VSL page. So let's have a look at your stats that you mentioned up here. And I know Michael and Paul would probably drive in more on this. So by the end of the lead,
maybe you have your actual stats in your Dropbox folder here. Yeah,
because there's a massive drop off at the beginning.

Then the drop off is pretty gradual without looking at the rest of the stuff. Yeah,
there's a massive drop off at the beginning. So the first one is roughly,
I'm assuming,
let me see. So it looks like the first minute,
there's just a huge drop off. So there's something going on in the first minute that's,
that's either disconnecting with people for somewhere,
for whatever reason,
or,
but yeah,
definitely the drop off is in the first minute,
which is,
is causing a bit of an issue.

But I mean,
regardless of that ads are really strong from media buying point of view,
I can't say to change anything I would work on with Michael or Paul or
whoever on this lead portion,
because that definitely looks like it's the issue. And like,
so why ad metric so bad this time? I think that since Google didn't negate any data,
but I mean,
your ads are not the problem. So like focus less on the issue is not the ads. 100% the issue is not the ads.

So it looks like the issue is definitely on the lead at a BSL. So there's no need to get disheartened and there's no need to be getting
pissed. And this is all part of the process. You're going through the process of testing and fine tuning,
testing and fine tuning. But from an ad point of view,
your ads are fine.

Do not worry about the ads at the minute. And so get with Michael on the lead. Get with Michael or Paul on the,
on the lead as well. And like,
cause that that's the area of optimization. And that's what I'd be working on.

That's what I'd work on focusing because,
and for now I,
what I would do is I would pause any of the ads right now,
appeal the ones that are going direct to the BSL,
see if you can get those approved. And then once they're approved,
hopefully they get approved and you can just pause them and then work with
Michael on,
on improving your lead because that's definitely where a bottleneck is. People are definitely dropping off there. And maybe we just need to tighten up the messaging. Maybe we're,
you know,
waffling a little bit too much about the snowflake and everything else.

Just get straight to the meats and the potato. Get,
get that emotional buy-in that Todd talks about the emotional hook,
set that emotional hook. And then we can start to,
you know,
prove it to them logically in our marketing argument and everything else,
but like set that emotional hook as well,
that they'll be able to play any guitar and it'd be,
you know,
the,
the envy of all the friends. And I know you're mentioning that in your video,
but I think if we can just do it a little bit quicker than,
I guess if I,
if I watch the first minute here,
is it really hooking me in? So yeah,
so what's the portion of there?

And like the,
the lead is,
is quite good,
but I mean,
maybe the concept of the,
the introduction of the snowflake. So early on,
it's just,
it just isn't appealing to them,
but for whatever reason,
I mean,
we don't really know the reason. All we know is that at the beginning,
there's a massive drop off between the,
the starting and watching the first minute. I mean,
the majority of people are dropping off within the first minute. So we know that that needs to change.

We know that we need to hook them in there and,
and improve that. So that's what the area I would focus on from an ads point of view. The ads are fine. I mean,
like I know you don't think the air,
but the ads are fine. You're getting decent click through rates.

And yes,
some of them could be improved,
but right out of the gate,
these ads are getting on average,
28% view rate on,
on average above 1% click through rate,
which is really,
really strong. So let's worry about the ads and,
um,
focus more on the,
uh,
the,
the,
the lead in the VSL and,
and improving that as well. So,
cause like if you do that,
I'm sure we can get this where we need it to get to. Okay. Any questions on that?

You can let me know. Thanks Christian. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
