---
title: "Media Buying 2022-01-17 20:00:32"
date: 2022-01-17
duration: 1h 9m
duration_seconds: 4167
vimeo_id: 666961179
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-01-17 20:00:32

**Date:** 2022-01-17 | **Duration:** 1h 9m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Hey, Matt. How's it going today? It's going great, man. Going great.

Aim to Michael. There we go. Perfect. All right. I know for a fact that there's a guy named Samuel going to join us this evening.

He has a – there he is now. Nice. Hey, Samuel. Hey. How's it going?

Good. I'm just going to introduce you to Matt. Listen, Matt. Samuel is one of my favorite clients. He's got a crypto offer.

And it's like beginner crypto training. And he has a campaign that he's put together and just wants to talk getting into Facebook and that kind of stuff. And I know one of the questions he was talking to me about in John's training where he goes into setting up like three different ad sets and all the creatives and all that stuff. You know, for a minimum viable funnel, he was telling me that you only need one ad set just to get enough 100 people or so to validate like you're – but I wanted – it's been so long since he told me that. I wanted to run that by you.

And so that's one question I know we have. And then I'm sure Samuel is going to have some more. Cool. So, Samuel, have you run anything to this or just starting to kind of look into traffic for the MVF? So I'm just starting for the MVF.

I did run an ad maybe like a few months ago. But then that account or that page actually got banned. So I'm like starting fresh trying to do this. So it's pretty much the first thing I'm doing for this MVF. Gotcha.

Good deal. Well, yeah, to answer that question, Michael, kind of the bare bones setup for MVF stuff, you can absolutely – if you have a good idea of an audience to target,
you can absolutely run with just one ad set targeting one, you know, interest, for example. Tell me, though, do you have a warm audience at all? Have you got like a Facebook page or anything like that? So I do have a page, but I just kind of started it.

So there's not really too many people on there. I have maybe a few people on my mailing list, just about like 20-something. So, you know, I don't know if that would be considered like enough people or even if they're interested. Gotcha. Yeah, it wouldn't quite be enough for what we're going for.

So usually if we wanted to try a lookalike audience, we'd want at minimum about 100 people. I prefer more, though, because what Facebook has to do is they have to match up the people on that list to people on Facebook. And it doesn't always catch everyone. So usually I like about a thousand. So it sounds like warm audience wouldn't really be in a way to test for you, which is totally cool.

It's usually easier and faster to just go right with an interest. So it sounds like from what I've seen, they're allowing crypto on Facebook now. Is that right? Yes. Yeah.

So there were some things that I guess kind of got through the cracks, but now they are really doing, you know, they're allowing that. They just opened it up. Awesome. Yeah. So I would probably target one interest if they're smaller in the range of like anything up to like 500,000.

If there are 500,000 and under in population, it'll usually tell you like in the right corner how big it is. Then I would stack a couple. You'd want your audience to probably be in the range of like one to three million just to have enough people in there. And Facebook can find some, you know, potential buyers and opt-ins. And then from there, the kind of easy bare bone setup would be three ads usually.

And that'll give you enough chance, you know, maybe one of them will hit and get some conversions or leads at least. What we like to do is usually we'll do two images and one video. So it's up to you. You don't have to do a video because I know some people it's kind of tough to do for an MVF if they don't have video experience, but you could just do three images if you want to. And then for copy, you really could like super bare bones.

You could do one image and three copy variations. So like a short one, which is like two to three lines max. And then medium, you know, three, four paragraphs get into kind of the benefits of your unique mechanism with, you know, maybe a few bullets and then long form, you know, either story style or, you know, several paragraphs long getting into the benefits and like maybe touching into a little bit of urgency or scarcity or something. And those just kind of hit all kinds of people, you know, some people are going to just want to see the short one. Some are readers and you want to hit them with a longer one.

And then, yeah, from there, it's just seeing if anything works out, you know, seeing if your opt-ins, you know, 20% plus and if you can get some, some cheap clicks over there. Okay. So, so do you know, are you familiar with that feature on, I guess, the ad level where it says you can do multiple texts within one creative? Yeah, you can do dynamic, but so I usually steer away from that just because it can be a little difficult to figure out the results sometimes. Like usually you can go into the settings in the, you know, where it shows all the columns in the view section, you can break out results by creative.

So if you had like three copy variations, it'll show you, you know, click through and cost per click per variation. But I have been seeing on some accounts, it's not doing that. So I would probably just split them out and do separate ads that where you're sure to see the data for each individual one. So my, I guess my question was, when I tried to do that, it gave me an error saying that each field needs to be unique or something like that. So, so I did three ads that did it for two of them, but one of them, it let me do it.

So I don't know what was going on. So that's why I was asking because it was just given like a random error. Yeah. I don't know where, where the variations pretty similar, like a lot of the same diction and. So I just changed like the headline, I guess, and everything else was the same.

So, you know, so let's see. Do you want to, do you have that account still where you could pull it up? Yeah. So should I share the screen? Yeah, go ahead, man.

So it's right here. So like these two gave me the error, but then this one, the SJ1 long copy didn't, but I did the same thing. Oh, nice. So you got short and long. That's good.

Let's take a look. So I think it was like right here is the primary text is what I changed. And then it gave me an error saying like the values should be unique. Yeah, that's a weird one. I do this sort of thing all the time where I'll change one variable.

Like I'll just switch the headline, keep the primary text description and everything else the same. I never tend to get this at all. So it's a little weird that that would happen. I would try and just recreate those ads and send them through again. Sometimes when you hit an arrow on Facebook, it can be something that doesn't happen when you just try over.

I know that's like the simple, easy answer, but a lot of times it'll work. If it doesn't, you may want to just create a second ad set with, you know, those ads in it. One other thing you may want to try as well, just because Facebook will. So you've got however many, three, six ads in that ad set. And what Facebook will do is they'll choose one of those ads as the winner.

Usually sometimes it'll be two and they'll split traffic either between two or they'll send most traffic to one of these ads. So in order to get the most useful data for yourself, you may want to put just one ad variation in each ad set and then just have multiple ad sets. So you would, what that would look like is six ad sets, one ad set or one ad, excuse me, one ad each. And then you can duplicate that ad in the ad set. So you would have two of the identical ad in there.

And that's what we do for testing. The reason is Facebook, sometimes it'll, you know, send, send traffic to one ad and it totally bombs. And then you turn it off and you duplicate it. It's the exact same ad and it kind of finds a different pocket. You know, it kind of fishes in a different area of your audience pond per se, and it will work.

So one account I've got just does that all the time. So I'll restart something and it'll get leads for like half as much as it used to. So that's just a way to, first of all, be sure that you're getting the most accurate data. In other words, you're giving each of these ad variations a shot. You know, Facebook isn't going to cut one of them early.

So you'll get some better data that way. And then you'll also get more chances if you just duplicate each ad and have them in there twice. Does that make sense? Yes. So just do each of these.

So have six different ad sets with each as one creative in there. And we'll duplicate, like have two in there. Right. Yeah, you got it. So should I have, so one would be like the Ben Franklin long copy.

The next one would be Ben Franklin short copy. And then, okay. So you may end up having more ads. You can still send the same number of clicks. Like let's just say you were targeting a hundred clicks to prove out viability of the landing page and see what the opt-in is.

You could still send a hundred total. They would just be split out a little bit differently in that structure. Get you some better data. Okay. Okay.

All right. That makes sense. And I, so Michael, I used that framework that you sent me from Todd. Yeah. And on there, it was kind of confusing because he didn't use the same exact ad in the copy.

Like he had the arrows pointing, but then it was a different copy. I know. Go by the, go by, don't go by what was already in that image on the ad. Go by what, what's coming from the arrows. In other words, imagine that the existing ad, and let me just bring that up.

So before we do that, can I ask a quick question, Matt, just for clarification, you were saying like in the, in the creative, in the, um, when you write the words, you're saying put benefits in the ad. Um, and you, you want those benefits to be about the mechanism. You don't want, just so I understand, you don't want the benefits to be about the prospect and how much money they're going to make. Right. Yeah, that's a good question.

So for anything financial related, you know, any sort of biz ops stuff, um, a lot of core sellers, anything like that on Facebook, they do have some pretty strict criteria around, you know, what you can and can't say. So to make sure that you're compliant in the ads, uh, you want to steer, steer away from any sort of benefit that like is, um, sort of like saying that someone is going to earn X amount or, um, let me pull it up. I've got a little doc here, but basically anything like that, you want to steer into the third person that way. You're not directly saying like, you're not directly saying like, you're going to make, you know, $1,200 with X method. It's more like thousands are making, um, you know, $1,200 every week with this method.

So it kind of anything where you're going to really make claims like that. You just want to make it sort of soft. If that makes sense. Yeah. Make it about, see, that's about the mechanism.

Thousands are making a killing using this mechanism. You're saying the benefit is about the mechanism, not about the people, you know, like not about, well, it is about people, but it's about the mechanism. You wouldn't say you can, um, X, Y, Z. So this, this is, I'm going to share my screen right quick. So, um, so this is the, uh, image, right?

Yes. So kind of ignore what you see here. Okay. Ignore what you see here. Instead, look at this, look at this stuff.

So specifically for women struggling to lose inches from your waist, that goes in the bottom in the description. Okay. The unique mechanism goes in the headline. The big idea and the primary promise stuff goes in the, um, primary text above the image. Okay.

And that's what you should be doing. Not what is in here. Okay. Does that, does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense.

So that's what I did. It was. I need to fix this, this image, but. Okay. The, so, so just from like Facebook's compliance side of things, the, the eyebrow copy there,
like specifically for women looking to shed inches, that's kind of on the edge.

Like, I wouldn't be surprised if, if verbiage like that was, you know, rejected in Facebook. Um, just for anyone watching this, you know, if you're in health, that could be kind of a,
a tricky thing to get approved with Facebook. Although stuff like that gets approved all the time and kind of slips through the cracks,
but later on Facebook also like at any time they can shut that ad down basically. Um, so just something to keep in mind. So I got this straight from one of Todd's things.

And this was like, like, um, over a year ago, like a year and a half, maybe. Yeah. It was a long time ago. So I'm not, I'm not surprised. I mean, that might've been two years ago now that I think about it, but.

So you shouldn't, you shouldn't pinpoint people. So like, I think on mine, it says like for anyone seeing their savings go up in their
buying power, go down or something like that. Would that be something as well? Um, Oh, that's a good question. You know, I, I don't know what you think, Matt.

Yeah. Of course, like this is all Facebook's opinion. So we kind of have to, to think like they think. Um, so I can't know for certain, but from the way that sounds, I don't think you'd trigger
anything. Um, cause you're not making like a direct promise.

You're just kind of calling out people who are seeing that stuff. Um, if like one of the triggers is you like anything around the word you, you kind of
got to watch for. So if you were like, um, you will see, um, wild gains versus with, with this crypto method
versus, um, regular savings, interest rates, something like that. That'd probably be a no-go. Um, but that one sounds good enough that I would just send it through and see what Facebook
thinks about it.

Probably get approved though. Oh, cool. Okay. Um, yeah, I'm trying to find this resource that kind of gives a little bit better idea
on the compliance side. And then if you want, we can kind of workshop, look at your ad copy a little bit more and
check out the images and stuff.

So are you on this call for, for your ads, Michael too? No, no, no. Um, John is usually here hosting this and I'm just with Matt helping him out, kind of facilitating
the call. That's all. But yeah, I, I usually ask Matt a lot of questions.

Okay. I didn't want to take up all the time. No, no, no. It's just you. You're the only student right now.

You're it. Okay. It'll take all the time you need, man. Yeah. We got, we got nothing better to do, man.

And out and chat and add stuff. That's what we're here for. All right. So I'm going to share this and maybe this will help a little. Is that showing up?

There we go. Make a little bigger. So yeah. Anything in like the, the make money space. So there's certain phrases that the, you know, systems looking out for stuff like make money,
make X amount, get paid, generate X, um, profit.

I had a, I had an ad get disapproved and it wasn't, it wasn't really, um, making a lot of
claims per se, but it had the word profit in there. And I removed profit and it, it went through after that and then money signs, stuff like
that. So, um, these are just some examples. You know, remind them of goals, you know, remind them of goals, stay in third person. This one, I tend to use a lot.

Like if you're not calling out, um, the people reading it specifically, you're just kind of
being vague in that third person tends to really work well. So anytime an ad's disapproved, I'll usually go this route, but does that, does that make sense? Like with, with like traditional hard hitting copy, you want to like be super direct and,
um, call out the person reading it. Be very explicit in like what the, the pain is that they're experiencing. You want to, um, really like tell them what they can expect with like specific numbers.

Like you always see those old school ads make 10,436 and 27 cents a day, stuff like that. Um, and then, yeah, super like hard hitting words, like, uh, you will profit X stuff like
that basically any of that sort of like old style copy Facebook isn't super into. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Like, like build a sustainable stream of customers that's allowed.

That's, uh, okay. Yeah. You know, if it was like, I mean, you still see this a lot where it's like,
get 20 to 30 new customers, new clients a month with this method, that stuff's, it's still getting
through and that stuff seems to be okay. Um, just depends. Like sometimes Facebook will crack down on that sort of thing though.

If they think it's a direct claim that you're making to the, to the people that get served
the ad. Uh, but yeah, the reason I asked because here's why I asked they're, they're using AI and when
you start a sentence with a verb like that, like build, create, blah, blah, blah. Um, the word you was understood, right? I mean, that's, it's, that's just a part of speech. It's just part of language, you know, it's a, you understood.

So you'd think that their AI would pick up on that and say, Hey, you're using you, even
though you're not using you. But anyway, that's why I asked. That's a cool document you got there, Matt. Right. Yeah.

It's from someone named Saba Karimi. She's a copywriter, uh, crushing it. She's at, um, I think V shred really big fitness company. And of course with people like that, you know, they want to make direct claims if they can,
but of course they're kind of battling Facebook on that front. So it seems like she's really come up with a, a nice, uh, framework on different ways to
make your ads compliant.

So I'll just share this little screenshot section and then anyone getting this, I guess if someone's
looking at the recording, they could download patchments. Is that right? Yeah, they can. Yeah. Yeah.

They, they can. Um, plus they can look at the recording and they can see that, but, um, that that's,
that's some pretty, that's some golden stuff you have. That's nice. Yeah. I use it all the time.

Um, anytime I'm, I'm kind of like troubleshooting on ad rejections and stuff. That's great. Yeah. So they also look at a copy that's on the creative as well. So like I made a creative that has words on it, you know, I'm assuming they're, they
definitely look at that.

Yeah. I think, you know, whatever kind of fancy AI stuff they have does also look at the, the
images as well. Although I don't think it's as intent. Like it, it's, uh, I think a little more lax than just the, the copy that's typed into
the ad itself. Did you get any disapprovals on images?

Uh, so I didn't, I didn't like, I guess, submit the ad yet. So I'm still really, you know, pretty new to, to Facebook ads. But on my other account, I had ran two ads and then in the process of me creating two
other ads, that's when I like got banned. So I was like creating the ad and it was banning me in that process. So then it said like two ads got rejected when I never even, even ran those ads.

And then that's what kind of banned my account is like, once you have a certain amount of
rejected ads, I guess it, it flags you. Yeah. That's it. It sounds like it was just two though. Right.

Yeah. And then maybe because it was a new account and when you're new and you haven't spent
anything, they're just kind of on, on high alert because that, that's what a lot of kind
of like black hat people try to do is they'll just make new accounts over and over. And so I think if you don't have any spend, you're unfortunately you're a kind of under
the microscope, but then that might ease up. Cause you know, a lot of accounts we run, we'll see like six, seven ads that don't go
through, you know, when we're uploading a bunch of ads at once, um, even though we try
to get the copy compliant and stuff, sometimes it happens and we don't see shutdowns with,
you know, anything up to like double digit rejections. It could be like, I don't know if there's a certain timeframe that you can have them in.

Like if, if we had like 10 and at once, but usually we'll see like three or four at one,
you know, in one ad upload. Um, so I don't know, hasn't happened to us lately. Okay. And then for the, the landing page, doesn't that have to be compliant as well? So you need like your disclaimer, your privacy, and then a statement that's saying like, it's
not affiliated with Facebook as well.

Right. Yeah. You need all that stuff. Um, usually I don't think they're, you know, strict with landing page copy as they are with
the ad copy just cause it's post click. Uh, but it does from what I've, I've heard Facebook does like scrape your, your landing
page as well.

And they, you know, if, if you have like a sucky post click experience, that'll affect
the way that your ads are delivered and stuff. Um, but yeah, as long as you got kind of the, the standard stuff on the privacy and the
footer section, you should be good. Okay. Okay. Do you want to look through your ads and we'll just kind of like workshop, see if there's
anything we want to talk about on those.

Yeah, I think so. And just, um, I guess my main audience that was going to start out. So I, I did a bunch, so I was going to just start out with like just crypto, but then a
lot of people that are already interested, they might already be kind of past that beginner
level. So then it might kind of, you know, show it to people that it shouldn't be showing
it to, you know? Yeah.

Um, tell me kind of like what your, what like audience segment you're going after here. Is it people that are like on the sophistication stage? They're pretty sophisticated and aware. Like who's your ideal person? I guess.

I mean, so I would say at this point, everybody knows about crypto, you know, it's almost like
the stock market, but it doesn't necessarily mean you're invested in it or feel comfortable
investing in it. So it's mainly about people that are trying to battle inflation. They want to make some extra money or they want to start learning about crypto is mainly
the thing. Um, so, you know, I started out with simply just like education, but then, you know, starting
to realize, you know, people don't want education. They want results.

So I'm trying to now push it to people that kind of want to make more money or that kind
of want to battle inflation. Gotcha. Okay. So yeah, my thoughts on targeting crypto as an interest, I think it's, I do think it's
okay, um, as an MVF test, because you know that people that, that are interested in that
on Facebook are going to be likely interested in your message. So I think there's a lot of, you know, alignment and resonance there.

Um, like you mentioned, I'm sure there's a ton of people that are targeting that interest. So it does mean there's probably going to be higher costs for you, um, versus something
that's more obscure. Just to give you an example, like, um, when we're in kind of like the, the marketing market,
um, something like, I don't know, Russell Brunson. Everyone knows him in our space. Right.

And, and ads can be more expensive targeting an audience that is interested in Russell versus
an interest like, um, marketing strategy or marketing consulting, you know, anything like
that, that's kind of a second layer down. Um, a lot of times we get better results with, so I'd say it's okay to run and, and just
see, like, we don't have any data, so we don't know yet, but that's likely what you'll see
is yeah. More people in that interest. And you may want to go another layer down. Okay.

Yeah. How about, how about something like retirement planning or something like that? Um, it is, I mean, maybe, I mean, I'm asking like, they've heard of crypto obviously, because
it's like Samuel says it's out there. Um, but it's not specifically crypto. You know what I mean?

Yeah. I think you're thinking along the right lines there. Definitely. It's yeah. Adjacent, you know, still related financially, but not directly in the crypto space.

Um, I don't know if, if something like that's an interest though, so we could take a look. Um, let's see, does, do you have any of these ad sets that you haven't, uh, set up that are
just kind of still in the beginning stages? Uh, so, I mean, maybe like one like this one, which is, so I looked at like the inflation,
um, like the, it must also include, and that was like a low number. So it kind of did narrow it down, which I was looking for, but it's like, I felt like
not too many people were interested in inflation. So it was going to kind of see the numbers, if that makes sense.

So, yes, since you're targeting people who match both, it would be a pretty
small audience. What I would suggest just for an MVF is I would probably remove inflation and, and just
target bigger, broader audiences. The reason is you're going to get super expensive click costs as you add layers right now in the
past, Facebook was a little more open to the layering of interest, but now they definitely
like the bigger, broader audiences. And when I say they like them, it means you'll just get way lower costs typically. So if you're sending a hundred clicks, it's much better to get clicks at, you know, a dollar,
$2 versus eight, which I see on a lot of stacked interests sometimes.

So just something to keep in mind. Okay. Yeah. Cause when I had the inflation on there, the estimated audience size was like three to
4 million. So that's like a big jump.

So I feel like that was like a skewed thing. Like this, it shouldn't go from, you know, 157 to three, just from one, you know, interest. Right. Inflation is an interesting one because I don't know if people who are interested in
inflation on Facebook would necessarily be interested in crypto, but you are kind of
bridging that gap. Like your crypto process is kind of the method that they can, you know, hedge inflation and
beat it.

So that one could work really well, but you never know to test a lot of times. Um, so I'd probably go for your offer. I'd probably go crypto. Yeah. Okay.

I'm just, you know, the age 23 to 55, is that something that I should look at? Yeah. I mean, it's okay to, to narrow down by age. If, if it's an important factor, like if you think people, you know, you're, it, it seems
like you're in that range, like if you're on video and you think people will resonate in
that age range with you a little bit more, that's totally fine to do. Um, honestly, for an MPF, I'd probably drop the age range totally and just run that way.

Um, the, the thing about ages is you can see who, you know, actually clicks onto your ads
and stuff, um, in the, the Facebook that the data that Facebook gives you. So even though you're not narrowing the ages necessarily, you can see if you need to on
the next round. So it's up to you, you can keep it. Um, but I would just remove it if it were me. So can you do that?

Or you just do all ages? Oh yeah. So the way that you expand it is you go to 18 on the first dropdown. And then on that one, 65 plus. So that just hits pretty much everybody.

Okay. Cool. So, so one thing I was trying to maybe do was like, cause my, cause when I was watching
the video on E5, it was saying you want it to be within like 500,000 to 3 million. And it was so hard to get this audience size down. So I was thinking about just testing like maybe one state in the U S and then if that
went well, then I could just scale it up to the whole country.

But then I figured like, well, if that one state works, then it probably would work for
the whole country. So there wouldn't be any point in even doing that in the first place. So that was just like something. Yeah. So I know why John mentions that.

Um, yeah, in the past you want to kind of smaller audiences with testing just so you could
get pretty granular with that stuff. Uh, I would say since your offers in the crypto space and it's super aligned, we've
we know this interest on Facebook is going to have people that are interested. Facebook's going to go into this big, broad audience and find the more interested people
in your offer. Um, that's kind of, you know, what the machine learning does. So I wouldn't really worry too much about getting super small audiences.

You can test multiple ones, but I mean, until we have some data, there's not really, it's
all subjective, you know, we're just kind of guessing. Um, so if cryptocurrency, if this audience doesn't work out, then definitely go the more
niche route where you're targeting, you know, a few smaller interests, but I I'd say it's
probably fine to just get some initial data. Um, if you want, though, we can kind of think through some additional interests if you want
to, you know, make a list of possibilities. I'm sure you already have some, but we could brainstorm some other ones. Okay.

Yeah. So one thing I tried was like, uh, Dave Ramsey. And then I think I excluded anyone who liked like major news channels, which is, this is,
you know, the crypto is kind of like, you know, it's a little bit taboo. So if you do like those major news channels, you might not like crypto right now. So I tried to do something like that, but then I tried something like just Gary V and it
was, it couldn't really narrow it down from there.

Like it was, you know, everything that I liked people that like Gary V also liked. So it was hard to narrow it down. Yeah. So Gary V is, he's into NFT stuff now, right? Yeah.

Okay. So we know that at least a small percentage of his audience could be into your, your offer. Um, so you totally could target someone like Gary V that would be, that's a good example
of kind of a, a tangential, um, interest because it's not cryptocurrency, you know, directly. Um, but it's an influencer who we know is pretty into crypto and NFT stuff. So, yeah, that's a good one.

Do you want to click into the ad demographic box and then we can kind of scroll around there? Like this, this one. Yeah. Just below it where the magnifying glasses. So, so let's actually, let's try out Michael's idea of retirement planning.

Just see what comes up. I don't know if that's an interest, but it could be. Retirement planning. There it is. Nice.

Okay. So it's a smaller audience of like three to 4 million. So that would be a good smaller audience to try out if, you know, cryptocurrency doesn't
work for some reason. So how do the number. He's got them both.

He's got cryptocurrency and retirement planning in there. Yeah. How did it increase if I, if I add in something to. Uh, that means. So basically someone who is interested in retirement planning is not interested in crypto because
they're kind of two groups of people and Facebook is lumping them in together.

So you get a higher number of total people with both interests. Um, you, so you may want to like put these into the detailed targeting box just to, to save
the ideas and like make a list. Um, but you don't have to, to put them all in and like run the ad, if that makes sense. So like, after we do a little more digging in the research process, um, just remove the
rest, you know? Yeah.

So, so what I'm looking at, this is like, okay, it has to include retirement planning
and cryptocurrency. So wouldn't that narrow it down because you have to match both. So that would like narrow down the search. It was what it seemed like. But then the number increased so that I was getting really confused.

It's, you know, yeah. So the way this works, how we have it right now, we're saying anyone interested in retirement
planning or interested in crypto. Now, if you scroll down a little bit further, keep going. And then you hit that exclude button on the side. Now, if you put in retirement planning in that box, you would get anyone interested in crypto,
but not interested in retirement planning.

So, so what you would want to do is do like crypto and narrow retirement planning. If you wanted to do people interested in both. Right, right. That stuff. So I would at max do one exclusion.

If you're like sure that you need to exclude a group of people, but that's what Facebook has
not been liking much lately. So usually it's just good to, you know, pop in whatever interest in that first box, the
detailed targeting section there, the, the ones you do want to target and just leave out
exclusions. Okay. So only do like the top one and don't mess with like narrow or exclude. Right.

If you really, you know, think it's important, you can add one. Don't, don't go crazy. Those is what I'm suggesting. Like if you put like 20 different things in there, you know, interested in crypto, but
not interested in, I don't know, Coinbase and okay coin and unicorn swap, you know, all,
all these random things. Facebook, the, basically the AI has a bit of trouble finding that group of people that
you're defining.

And because of that, it just jacks prices way up. So usually, I mean, cryptocurrency is such a huge interest with like a few hundred thousand
people. If you just run to that, it's likely that Facebook will kind of find people willing to, to click
on your offer in your ad. Okay. Okay.

So that makes sense. And, you know, I don't know if you guys want to see my creatives because I have three. They're all like just images, but two of them are like me personally. And then one is just like, you know, picture Ben Franklin. So, so I don't know.

Let's. Yeah. Let's take a look. So this one was the first one I did. And it's a picture.

I was doing a video trying to teach people. And I just did a screenshot of the video. So kind of giving myself some proof that, you know, I can teach about it. And then this next one, it's like from a photo shoot I did, and I just tried to give myself
social proof again and put something at the bottom. Nice.

So I like the first image that one, like with the whiteboarded stuff in the background that
kind of has a little bit of curiosity factor, like, man, what's he writing on the board? He's going to show me that when I click. So I like that one. Um, my subjective opinion on, on this creative, I like the photo. It's a great one of you.

I would probably remove the box with your name in it just so it feels more organic and kind
of feels like a Facebook post. Someone would put on their personal profile. That's what kind of the, the photos like this that a lot of people use are for is just to
look native to the platform. Um, and since that box kind of takes away from that, may want to remove. Um, the other thing is it, it kind of defines you to like curiosity is a big part of earning
clicks and feel like, Oh, who's this, this cool dude with the, you know, fancy background
here, nice buildings.

Um, and then you put your name there. It kind of takes a little curiosity away. If that makes sense. Yeah. Um, one idea that you could do with that text on the bottom is you could make that a different
color instead of being white down there.

See how it kind of blends into the background, Facebook background. You would probably want it to pop and catch a little more attention. So if you made it like a bright blue, like a baby blue or something, that's going to just
pop a lot. And, and it's kind of a thumb stopper too. We use those, we call them color blocks, color block ads.

Um, anything with like a, a really bright color. And then contrasted with your photo there, that'd look good. Yeah. So one, what I tried to do was cause I created this on, uh, affinity designer. So what I tried to do was like, just place a, like a black bar underneath.

So it would kind of, you could distinguish it from the Facebook and the ad, but then I was
like, maybe it doesn't matter. You know, I don't know, but that's, you know, I, I know it's that too. Um, let's see, do we have, I mean, we got 15 minutes. Why don't we, uh, why don't we try to mock up this image? I'm, I'm no like creative expert, but I can do another quick variation for you.

If you want to test it. Okay. So do you want to, do you want to create a creative? Let's do it, man. Do you have, so this image with you, can you drop that in the chat?

Is this cool with you, Michael? I know this is a coaching call, but maybe we can just, uh. Yeah, go for it, man. Go for it. Try and get a eye catching variation here.

I want to make sure I'm getting the right one, because it was a photo shoot and they
all kind of look the same. Cool. I think it was this one. Okay. So then I can, so as that's loading, I can, I think you guys saw the other one.

So this was just, uh, something I took off of Pixabay and then added my text on the bottom. Yeah. Like that zoom in of Ben Franklin on, on a bill. So this could kind of like grab some people that like the dollar, but they might not like
the inflation right now or just people. Yeah.

You know. So this is another example where I would change that, that black background behind the text
in the image. Make that something that's going to pop a bit more. And then, you know, it would be cool is, you know, how everyone in crypto, like on Twitter,
they'll like laser their eyes on their photos. You should totally do it to Ben Franklin as a variation.

Okay. Cool. So that would be just like another way to spice things up, like curiosity, intrigue, something
that's going to stop people's thumbs when they're scrolling. Just another way to get a little bit more, uh, more of the crock brain engaged when people
see it. Yeah.

So I think it, uh, it loaded. So you seem pretty, you know, adept with crypto as it is. I know a little man, but I'm not super into, like, I'm not real deep into it. I know the surface level stuff, but it's cool stuff. I probably should get more into it.

I'm just too into, uh, ads and marketing stuff. Okay. So I got the image downloaded. Let's see. If I can pull this up in Canva.

Okay. There we go. So yeah, let's make this way bigger first. Okay. Maybe.

Yeah. So color-wise, maybe like this really bright blue. It's kind of aggressive, catches the eye. So let's see, maybe like all the way to the waist. What was the headline you had on that?

So it was, there's a new and different way to save money with cryptocurrency. And I had the three dots after. Doesn't let me. Doesn't let me. Doesn't let me.

Yeah. Maybe fighter. Usually I like to get things on three lines, but. Maybe fighter. Usually I like to get things on three lines, but.

Maybe make this blue a little. Okay. So I'm done nitpicking. So something like that, where the blue is taller. So there's more of it.

And then I should probably make the text. Black's okay. Maybe white would look better though. Let's see. That definitely pops more.

I'll skip shadow. Okay. So. I'm going to save this and then send it over. Does that make sense?

Why you'd want. A different, like a really bright color and just have it be taller,
take up a little more of the image to be more arresting like that. Yes. And it may not be like, it may not be aesthetically,
like what looks. Good to us necessarily, but it.

Typically is what gets the clicks. And that's what. What counts. Right. Yeah.

So do you, do you make a lot of your creatives or you kind of just hire designers? Yeah. So I'm over on the E5 agency side. Most of our teams, they have, you know, copywriters and creatives that handle the actual ad creation. But a lot of times, you know, I'll get in there and hack stuff together myself.

I'm just a test. And then like on our internal council do stuff. So. Short answer is no, I'm not like the creative guy, but I still do some. Okay.

It's, it's definitely not like my, my main strength. You know, I, I'm more of a media. Byron traffic guy versus making the ads. Okay. So that should be uploaded.

What other questions do you have, man? Well, I think that's it. Like, I think. I've been kind of doing this for maybe like the past week or so. And it's like, I've been kind of.

Yeah, I've been scared to kind of pull the trigger, if that makes sense. Like, like my first big campaign. It's like, you know, am I going to get any clicks at all? Am I going to waste $350? You know, like.

Trying to really. Just scared to pull the trigger, but you know, if I believe in my offer and my message, then it should be okay. Yeah, I think you've got the mindset right. You know, if you have worked with, you know, Michael and the team. And it kind of passed you off.

You guys are all feeling good about the. The MVF. Then you just got to let it rip, you know, send it. Okay. Okay.

Which I totally appreciate can be difficult when it's spending your cash, you know, your own money. The. A couple of things about that, you know, all marketing is test marketing. So exploring the possibilities. Maybe your ads completely bomb.

Right. Which is. A lot of times it's what happens. A lot of people, they only hit like one out of 10 when it comes to like new campaigns or new ads and stuff. So it may happen, but you're still going to get data that's going to help you and steer you in different directions.

So that's kind of the way to look at it. Even if it doesn't work, it still works in getting you what you need to make it work next time. Right. The other thing is like you can't steer a parked car. Right.

So you, you just have to take that, that first step to get the initial data. Cause without it, I mean, we can mess with ads and creatives and copy all day, but no one cares what we think is what your market thinks. And if they're into it, then once you pull that trigger, it's going to, it's going to be a huge step and be a positive thing and you can keep running with it. But if they're not, then you have the ability to steer that car. Um, the image you just showed actually with the red circle.

I liked that a lot. Just thought I'd mention it. That was me. Yeah. Nice.

Dude, Todd's into that. He, he always, and Damien too, they always do stuff like that. They'll pick something out in the image and circle it when it, it, you know, there's nothing about that that, uh, connects to the campaign, but it's super, super curiosity inducing. So if, if you want, I can circle that in this circle, send that very circle something. Yeah, man.

It's a, it's a winner. Usually. Yeah. Yeah. I never, I was confused.

Right. It, uh, it has the same effect on anyone who sees it. Yeah. Let me see if I can get a red circle. I'll, I'll, uh, yeah.

Cause you're trying to look in that window and see what the heck that is. Yeah. And like, what's the connection to this weird circle? What's it got to do with saving money with crypto? I know.

That's the question that pops up. So you gotta, you gotta read, you gotta read it. It's like, what, what's the, what's the circle? And then you read it. Crypto.

What? You know what I mean? So that's the kind of thing I do. You know, I just, I mean, I, in my mind, I think, okay, if it's a bizarre thing like that,
then they're going to have to read the ad. They can have to read something to figure out what that circle is.

Yeah. Um, but. Yeah. And it's, when it's bright red like that, it's super visually eye catching. Yeah.

Cause that whole picture is like, um, like black and white and brown and, and kind of all those colors. And that red, I can send this to you if you want, if you want to just. Yeah. So does it, does it have to be. Like a hand drawn circle or can it just be like a perfectly circular circle.

Man hand drawn the, the more, the more it looks like some random guy just posted something on their page. And it's not, it's not a slick professional image. The more it looks like. You know, cause I, I did it with my mouse. Right.

Who has tablets and styluses and, and, you know, graphics tablets, nobody who uses Facebook. No, they got, they have their phone. They take a picture and they circle with something with their finger on the image. And it looks like that. It just looks.

So that's what, that's what I do. Uh, let me see if I can. Uh, let me see if I can. I don't know. Can you, how do you, um, send stuff?

Send. Oh, there it is. Yeah, feel free to use either version. I made this one. It sort of looks like it was done by hand, but I don't like it quite as much as Michael's.

This looks like a Microsoft's paint style, which I like. Um, real quick, before we got to hop off, what is your budget set up on those ad sets
and everything? Uh, so I didn't really do that yet. I was thinking I could probably do like $50 a day for the whole thing. Like for all six.

I don't know if that's cause cause if I do that, then I would have to do like $9 a day
per, per, you know, uh, creative. Right. So you could definitely do. Yeah. 50 per ad set.

Um, let's say you're going for a hundred clicks each click. Of course, I don't know. Click costs in that marketing with that targeting and stuff, but let's say each click is two bucks. That's 200 total for your first, like very first initial MVF test. Um, and you ran, um, let's say you run with, you had six ads.

So 200 divided by six, that's $33 per ad set. So if you had six ad sets, you could run it like 12 bucks a day, 10, 12 bucks a day on each one and hit that within, uh, two days. So you'd get data fast enough. Um, if, if you wanted to go higher budget, you're totally welcome to. Um, typically when we're doing testing stuff and there's a lot of variables, we like to get, we like Facebook to have multiple days to try to find what we're looking for.

Um, because Facebook can be a little bit volatile. Like one day can just be terrible. The other day. Great. Another day is just average.

So usually I'll like to test at least two days, typically about three days. So if I was to do like $50 a day for three days, that would be good. Okay. So, so if you had, if you did $50 per ad set, you'd be at 300 a day. Yeah.

And then multiply that by three days, you'd be at 900. So that would be like probably a lot more than a hundred clicks is my guess. Just depends on click costs. That'd be $9 a click at a hundred clicks, but you'll probably see more than, than a hundred. If you spent $900.

Yeah. Yeah. So I'm saying like, if I did 50 a day for the whole six ad sets for three days. Oh yeah. That'd be one 50 total.

Yeah. Is that, so one 50 is enough to just test something. It just depends how much those clicks are. Cause you want to get at least a hundred, have enough of a sample size, enough people
seeing your page. Right.

Is that, is that right? You want at least a hundred Michael on the MBF. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

For any of the page in your minimum viable funnel for any of the page that you're going
to, before you make any decisions, you want at least a hundred people seeing it. And is that unique? A hundred unique people seeing the page. So, so go ahead. Yeah.

Just, just an easy way to do it. I would, if you run with six ads and you have each one in its own ad set, you'll have six
ad sets do $10 each per day. So that would be 60 bucks a day. And by the third day, you'll probably have enough clicks and traffic to know what's going
on in some data that you and Michael can look at. You may need to run it like a fourth day or something, but 10 bucks an ad set would be
perfect.

And that low budget Facebook tends to like and get you the most efficient results. And is it, does the order form need a hundred too? Or just the two? Every page. Every page.

I mean, you know, you want to have a hundred people looking at the page before you make
any decisions about it. Cause otherwise there's not enough data. Cool guys. Well, I got to jump to this other call real quick. Pleasure chatting with you, Samuel.

If you want to get those ads going and then hop on Thursday's call, we could probably
look over everything together. That'd be cool. I just have one question. That's just a quick question. Does the time matter?

Like, should I turn it off at midnight and then turn it back on? No, just, yeah. Don't do any day parting that can mess with the results. Just run it straight. All right.

24 hours a day. Okay. All right. Thanks, Matt guys. Yeah.

Have a good one. Take care. Thank you guys so much. Cool, man. Say I told you it'd be worth it.

He's a sharp guy. Yeah, that was good. I thought, I thought you were on here getting your own questions answered too. No, I ask him a lot of questions. Um, but only if nobody else is on and it's not about my stuff.

It's just about general. Like I get people like you asking questions all the time. Um, uh, you know, things like, um, you know, if I'm, if I have a minimum viable funnel and I'm just new at this, um, should I be spending money on a media buyer? Or, well, you know what I mean? Things like that thing questions I get all the time.

And he would answer those questions and, you know, just killing time. I'm, I'm here to support him for this call. That's all. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. So I'm excited, but I'm just like, you know, just scared of the results sometimes. Cause it, it'll tell you how many clicks they think you're going to get before. And then it's like, yeah, I'm going to have to spend a lot of money. I know, I know, man.

Don't scare, but you know, just, you know, the media buyers, like a marketer, like me, um, the way I look at it is, um, first of all, if you look at the marketplace, people are buying crypto training. People are wanting to know about crypto. They're looking and YouTube, they're looking and they're buying crypto classes. They're buying crypto coaching. It's the people, there's people selling it.

There are people buying it. So since I know that, and since I know the audience size is huge. Right. And since I know it's easy to get in front of these people, I know it's not, it's a matter of when eventually I'm going to come up with something that's going to interest a lot of people and they're going to buy it. I just know that.

So what you're about to do is ask millions of people or ask thousands of people, a question, and you're going to get an answer. That's the only way you can do that. You know what I'm saying? You're getting ready to ask thousands and thousands of people. Are you into this?

Does this interest you? And they're going to tell you either click or they won't click. And so it's just a matter of, you know, people are buying it. Well, why not yours? Well, what is it?

Why do they get somebody else's and not yours? This is because they asked the right question or they showed them the right thing. You just have to find one. That's all. That's all it is.

So it's kind of like it's kind of like going to Las Vegas and playing blackjack. But, you know, eventually you're going to clean up. You know, that doesn't really happen with blackjack, but it's kind of it's kind of the same thing. You know, eventually you're going to hit it and you're going to keep winning and there's nothing going to stop you from winning. That doesn't exist in reality, but it's the same thing.

You're going to play. You're going to put money out there. You're going to fight. You're going to fail, fail, fail. Oop, that's good.

Now let's tweak it. So it's a matter of when, not if. Okay. That's that's you got to put your mind there and you're going to have to spend the bucks. You're going to have to do it.

So that's the game we play, man. All right. Yeah. So you're you you've drank the Kool-Aid. You're one of us now.

So, yes. You know, I'm like I keep saying I'm excited and I'm hoping by the end of this week, you know, middle of this week. I should be starting that and we'll get some data and see what happens. Yeah. So I appreciate it.

I think on Wednesday, like officially my 10 weeks is up, I believe, on Wednesday. So don't worry about that, man. Listen, we'll get together. And, you know, after this call and I'll make sure I'll make sure that you're that your campaign gets out there and gets the gets kickstarted the way it should be. I told you that before.

I got your back, man. I'm not going to leave you hanging. All right. That sounds good. Okay.

So I appreciate it. All right, brother. I'll talk to you soon. All right. You too.

Have a good night. Bye bye.
