---
title: "My Webinar 2025-04-09 22:30:12"
date: 2025-04-10
duration: 1h 42m
duration_seconds: 6139
vimeo_id: 1074132032
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# My Webinar 2025-04-09 22:30:12

**Date:** 2025-04-10 | **Duration:** 1h 42m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's going on, gang? What's going on? Big, big Polly. Almost. What's going on, man?

I almost used a nickname that wouldn't be appropriate. And so, uh, but good to see you. Uh, I know that folks are gonna be, uh, hopping on. I have no idea how many folks we invited for this bad boy, but I'm super jazzed to, uh, to answer questions about stage five copy, uh, and the stage five copywriting. Um, bootcamp.

I really think as we're waiting for whoever's gonna jump on with us, uh, uh, you know, I really think that this is, this is one of the more, this is one of the most valuable trainings I think that I, I've done over the last, I would say, 24 months-ish. Um, and that's because of the, what, what we're seeing in a lot of markets, which is, uh, a lot of markets getting more crowded, more saturated, and ultimately more competitive with their direct response copy. We're seeing, you know, more so today than really ever before. I think in direct response marketing in general, this acceptance of the power of the unique mechanism and the usage of the unique mechanism. O oftentimes, you know, improperly or what we talk about Paul as the foe mechanism, nevertheless, we're seeing a lot of, you know, we're seeing markets where we're seeing more and more competitors and more and more people leveraging, you know, uh, or attempting to leverage the unique mechanism, and therefore markets going through the higher levels of marketplace sophistication and getting to the point where in many markets, the most competitive markets, especially the, like, the, the, the biggest, most lucrative markets, indirect response, like where we have some gigantic clients, um, in, uh, you know, man, it's, it is, uh, it's filled with people that are using, you know, high, uh, sophisticated marketing messages.

The audience is seeing it, they're hearing it. They've seen it all. They're inundated with mechanisms. They're inundated with these, uh, you know, the, the, the lower sophistication campaign styles. And the way to stand out is not to merely attempt to do better, to write better copy or more powerful copy, but to have a different type of message.

And so that's, you know, we, we, we certainly can talk about the whole foundation of that or, uh, and, or get into the weeds. Uh, and we'll answer whatever questions there are, and then we'll, we'll jump, man. And so, do you have anything to add to that before we rock and roll? Paul? Dude, it's, I, you know, when you, when you open up these things, I can't, there's you, I can't, how do I follow that?

Like, there's nothing, there's nothing, uh, you know, I was thinking about this today actually, and this is, this is the truth. 'cause I wouldn't say it if it wasn't true. So I've been trained in Juujitsu for 12 and a half years. It's a long time, and I've been teaching for 10 years. Um, so I, I would like to, to think I know my stuff.

And when I train with the guy who owns my academy, who's been training for like 27 years, I feel like a white belt when I train with him. So when I get on these calls with you, it's like the similar dynamic. I feel like a white belt in marketing when you start breaking stuff down. And I'm like, uh, I got really nothing. There's no way to follow that.

Oh God, you may feel like a white belt, but you ain't no white belt brother. Remember that. And so, uh, and so you are, you know, you, you know me, dude, I don't say anything, man, that I don't mean ever for everybody, whoever is on here and whoever's gonna be listening to the recording, I don't say anything that I, that I don't mean, Paul, you've always, you, you, I, you know, I think that, you know, or certainly can, can help folks with the E five method just as well as I can, if not better. And I've said it before, you've probably worked now at this point with more clients than I have, uh, with the E five method. And so, uh, remember that.

And so, I don't know, Paul, if there were any questions that were, uh, any questions that were sent over in advance, um, if not, that's totally cool. We can go to whoever is on with us and, and who has a question. And or if there is something that you wanted to start with, Paul, that you felt, uh, would be valuable for everybody in terms of, um, in terms of just setting the context, uh, some piece of education, uh, that you wanted to go deeper on, or if you just wanna get to questions, we can, we can do that too. I just wanna make sure that this is as valuable as possible for everybody. Yeah.

Um, I'd love to just jump in if that's okay. I mean, I, I, uh, yeah, I think, uh, you know what it is, I think that, and I could be wrong. I I could be making an assumption here, but I think that the folks that are on this call, um, I think they, I think they understand, um, a lot of the basic direct response fundamentals that we, that we teach folks. Uh, and that's why they chose to invest in the stage five, uh, bootcamp. Because I think you need a little bit of a higher level understanding of marketing to under even understand the value of that training and, and how to implement it, if that makes sense.

Yeah. I I, I would, I would tend to agree. I hope, you know, I mean, look, I, I think the beauty is really, you know, I don't know, uh, you know, I, I haven't looked at the, the, the data of who, um, who all the folks are that invested in the stage five, um, bootcamp. But, you know, for the folks that invested in the stage five bootcamp and have gone through E five, you're gonna see this, this in no way, shape or form abandons the foundation of E five, the education based marketing approach, the marketing argument, the CPB chunks, the unique mechanism, all of that, the stage five has all of those elements. And one more, right?

And so, um, so, you know, certainly if this was your, you know, if you've never been exposed to the E five methodology, then you got kind of somewhat of a crash course in the value of education based marketing, right? Uh, marketing message that is really educating, but educating on, on one main thing, which is the, the superiority of the unique mechanism. The difference here, really, right? Ul ultimately being, uh, in stage five, is that there is one additional piece of education that we need to, um, include in the marketing argument. And that additional piece of education is on the real root cause of the problem that ultimately, right?

Like to really simplify, and you're, you're a pro at this, Paul, 'cause I mean, you've done this, right? Like in the, yeah. In the supplement space and whatnot, um, with campaigns, but really the, the difference, the difference gang to really, if you really kind of wanted to boil it down, uh, super simple, and then we'll get to the first, we'll get to whatever questions, Paul. Um, the, if you really wanted to boil it down, the, the difference is that in a non stage five campaign, we are, we are taking what the prospect believes, sees and feels is their problem, and we are offering them a new, unique and superior solution to solve that problem, right? The problem that they, that they feel they have, that they believe they have coming into the campaign in stage five, you are ultimately showing them that what the, the problem that they feel they have, they believe that they, that they have is not really the problem, but is merely a symptom of a deeper underlying problem.

And unless they solve that deeper underlying problem, they're gonna continue to struggle. And we happen to have a mechanism that solves that better than anything else, the real root cause. So all we're talking about here is in, in Gene Schwartz terminology, redefining or reframing what they believe is the problem as merely a symptom of a deeper underlying problem, and then giving them a solution for the deeper underlying problem. And the final thing that I'll just say about this, just to make sure that everybody gets this and is on the same page, is that we're not making that up. We're not lying.

I'm not sitting here, I'm not telling you to, like, if, if somebody, if, if the real root cause of somebody's problem, or, or if the real root cause is x, I'm not telling you to lie and say, no, it's not X, it's really y. But, uh, uh, so I'm not telling you, right? But in many cases, in many situations, in many scenarios, in many markets, you can pull back what the prospect believes is the problem and show accurately, truthfully that it is merely a symptom or a result or a byproduct of a deeper underlying problem. And so, there you go. So with that, Paul, let's, we could jump in To add one thing to that, Todd.

Like, um, so you, you talked about like reframing, right? The way that the prospect thinks about their problem, and then essentially, once we reframe the way that they think about the problem and they understand the real root cause of the problem, um, then we can introduce our solution because it ties perfectly to the only solution that solves this true problem that they actually have. And so, like, one thing that you have to keep in mind, guys, and I've like, I always talk about this, is like the importance of keeping your finger on the pulse of your market so that you understand what their preexisting beliefs are, right? Um, like it's, it's crucial to understand, like, I call this kind of like a problem solution paradigm, right? And in order to recalibrate it or reframe it, you really need to understand their preexisting beliefs, right?

You need to know what they know. You need to know what they've been told. You need to know what they're being told. Now you need to know what they believe to be true or false. Um, what they've tried in the past, what they perceive to be old and new.

Um, so if, if you don't really understand these things, it's, it's really, it's impossible to ever introduce something new or something, um, that they're not familiar with if you don't know what they're already familiar with. And so, um, I just kind of wanted to put that out there just so that yeah, folks, it's top of mind. Well said, man. So spot on. You know what's so interesting, uh, I'll tell you this, right?

This is kind of, you know, the cool thing, right? We've got like a nice intimate, uh, group with us, um, tonight. Uh, I know this is being recorded and a bunch of other people are gonna see this, but right now we've got a nice intimate group, and so we can just chat like a fireside chat kind of thing here. You know, what's really interesting, Paul, is that as I've, as I, you know, as I've gotten the opportunity over the years to work with a variety of different entrepreneurs at a variety of different stages from, you know, the newer kind of entrepreneur, early in their kind of, you know, journey. I wouldn't say newbie.

'cause I don't know if I've ever really worked with newbies, newbies, um, but you know, early in their career, all the way to the, you know, the behemoths, the, the biggest baddest in the, in the direct response space. And, you know, the thing I'll tell you related to what it is that you just said is, uh, there really is a direct correlation between the size of the business, the si the amount of revenue that gets generated and, and the length of the research document. Or some people refer to it as a copy brief, uh, before a campaign is written. In other words, you know, like, it's not uncommon for, you know, like one of our clients who, you know, does, you know, call it 150 million, they'll have to write a, call it a 15 page or 18 page sales letter. They could have a 40 to 50 page research doc that gets done with everything that you can imagine from demographic, psychographic to, you know, um, research like Amazon comments to Facebook page, comments to Reddit comments to, you know, transcripts from customer calls, um, you know, like, you name it.

It's just incredible the depths that they, that they go to, to get insight, uh, and, you know, to, to understand the market on a, on a deep, deep level. Uh, and so, yeah, like you have to start there. And you could never, or should never take your finger off the pulse of the market. You should always have your finger on the pulse of the market. That doesn't mean that you're not gonna do in-depth research when it comes time for a particular promo.

'cause we're doing targeted research towards the topic, towards the, the promise, the payoff, the fears related to you're always gonna keep your finger on the pulse, and you're gonna do that deep, that deep examination and research when, when working on a, um, a promo. And so, amen, Paul, you gotta, you gotta start there, for sure. Yep. So let's, uh, let's jump into Trevor. What's up buddy?

Good to see you again. Uh, been working with Trevor recently on his new campaign, so pumped, um, to see what we, uh, what we, the next, uh, few calls with him. So he said, I is Trevor. Is is Trevor tr the guitar was, was the guitar, was it the guitar space? This is not, not, no, no.

This is a, this is a different, he's doing something with real estate agents now, helping real estate agents get clients. Okay, Cool. Um, Yeah, so his question was, I was wondering if it's appropriate to use different copy or change the message of the primary promise for a stage five market. Yeah. So, um, so there's kind of a two twofold answer to that.

So number one, uh, let's talk about the primary promise. So, um, no, so I, I would not, so going from stage four to stage five doesn't mean that you have to change the primary promise. Now, I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna give you a little caveat in, in just a second. Uh, but the answer is no, because, right? Remember something that ultimately the primary promise is linked to what the prospect wants.

And so, right? What, what is the outcome? What is the result? What is the payoff? What's the transformation that the prospect wants?

What's the thing that they, that they ultimately are in, in, you know, uh, willing to spend their money for, right? That's the, the, the outcome. And so whatever that outcome is, we want our primary promise to be as close to that as possible, while remaining, of course, true and, um, accurate and, um, and believable. And so that what you have to understand is that that's not changing their desire. The, the, the desired outcome is not necessarily changing for the prospect when they're going from stage two to stage three, to stage four, to to stage five, going from stage two to three and four and and so on, is much more about what they're being exposed to, right?

What they're seeing from the market, what they're hearing from the market, and therefore, what is new, what is unique, what is fresh or what is no longer new, unique and fresh to the, um, to the, to the market. And so it's not about a change in their desire, it's about a change in how they respond to marketing appeals based on what it is that they've seen and are seeing right now. And so, prospect is not changing, it's the, the, the marketplace in the, the, the marketing that is evolving, uh, over time and is changing what it is that the prospect is responding to. So, again, to sum up, no, you don't need to change the primary promise. Now, one thing I will say, and this has nothing to do with necessarily going from stage four to stage five, but you know, you do need to be aware of the promise that is being made to the, to the marketplace, what the marketplace is hearing and seeing from everybody else, regardless of whether it is stage three, stage four, stage, stage five, you gotta pay.

You have, you have to pay attention to that because, excuse me, sometimes I may wanna change, excuse me, the words or the phraseology that I'm using in my headlines or my deck copy or the opening of a lead, not to change the promise, because again, I'm not, I don't wanna change the promise. I wanna nail what the prospect wants, but I may change the wording and the phraseology to not use the same phraseology and wording that everybody else is using so that I don't appear the same, in other words, sometimes, right? You can change the way that your copy feels and the way that your copy is received by changing up the words that you choose to use, go with more uncommon words, um, so that even though you're making the same promise, and ultimately you're delivering the same underlying message, it doesn't feel like more of the same. And so there's that with the primary promise. And then finally, changing up the message, the messaging.

So I would just say what it is that I said at the beginning, you know, just 10 minutes ago, which is that the messaging does change when going from stage four to stage five. The part that changes is that we're now showing the prospect that what they think is the problem is just a symptom of a deeper underlying problem. And until right, and then we're, we're ultimately proving that right to them, the same way that we would prove anything else in a, in a marketing argument, any other point or any other claim, we're proving that, that what they think is the problem is only a symptom of a deeper underlying problem. And we're showing them and proving to them why they're, they're, they're all the symptoms that they're experiencing, all the bad things that they're experiencing will not be resolved until they fix, solve, alleviate that underlying, that, that underlying root cause, that new underlying root cause. And then we're going into unique mechanism which solves that new underlying root cause.

That's the change in messaging when, uh, when we're looking at an education based marketing message, like an E five campaign. And so, Paul, is there anything that you would add to that? Yeah, I mean, just, I mean, yeah, just to kind of piggyback off that. So like, um, Trevor, you know, like I, I, I told you about this example of the client that I worked with, with the tonic that helped them, uh, you know, helped their, helped their customers reduce their anxiety by, um, by attacking it at its hidden source, right? Which by the way, thi this go, this, this really, um, lends itself to keeping your finger on the pulse of the market.

Because when I worked on this campaign with this client, call it three or four years ago, this was a new kind of novel idea. I don't know that it even is now, because it, it, the, that market, um, that marketplace might have even evolved beyond this at this point. Um, but, but you know, as we were doing our research, you know, when, when they came to us, they had this tonic that has these nine different ingredients in it. It's got, you know, ashwagandha, apple cider vinegar, cayenne pepper, lemon peel, orange peel, cloves, all these different things, right? And it solves a lot of different problems.

And so what I wanted to do was pick one problem for this thing to solve. Like, let's pick one thing for it to solve and focus the entire campaign on that. And so, when we were, when I was evaluating all these different ingredients, I said, like, what's the common denominator? Like, what's the one thing that they all solve and that you feel confident that you could prove that they solve? Um, and they came back with inflammation, right?

The problem was that in our research, we found that the majority of folks were not looking for, they weren't looking to solve inflammation problems. They were looking to solve byproducts of inflammation, symptoms of inflammation. Um, and one of them was anxiety. And so what we have found was that there is a relationship, there's this gut brain relationship where if there's inflammation in the gut, it can cause anxiety in the brain. And so the entire campaign was built around that, that the anxiety that you're experiencing is likely not coming from your brain, it's coming from your gut.

And until you treat it at the root source, you'll continue to struggle with it, no matter how many SSRIs you take, or how much medic meditation you do, et cetera. So, but the promise of reducing your anxiety safely and naturally in the next 30 days without prescription drugs was still the same, right? The only thing we did differently was educate them about where the true source of their anxiety was coming from, but that promise to reduce their anxiety was still the same. And again, as a little bonus, you know, this was three or four years ago, I don't even know if today, like I would say more pe a lot, significantly more people know about the gut-brain connection today than they did three to four years ago, right? Yeah.

That's, I I love that, man. I, I remember when you first shared that, like, I, I, you know, I, I love that. I, I think there, there's so many, you know, there's so much to, to really unpack. And then I wanna go to what, what Trevor Trevor's comment in here. 'cause I wanna address this, address this too.

We're gonna get to everybody's questions. So I have no fear. Um, you know, it, it makes me think of Paul, you know, it makes me think of, um, weight loss and the, and the weight loss arena. I wanna share a couple of examples here. And then I wanna, I wanna make a point related to this, that, like, look, you know, depending on what you're, you're selling, depending on what somebody's selling, you know, there are so many different stage five marketing messages that could be created related to weight loss.

Let's say we're talking to men, you know, middle age, you know, men that are, you know, over 40, 45, whatever, uh, and they're overweight and they're, you know, they're struggling to lose weight, and they, they wanna lose weight, right? Well, look, you could have a, uh, you could say, right, it, you know, the, the problem isn't that, you know, you've got a slow metabolism. The, the problem is that, um, your testosterone is low, right? And we could have a natural testosterone boosting supplement, right? It could be, the problem isn't that you have a slow metabolism, or, you know, or low testosterone.

The problem is, is that you have a sluggish thyroid, right? And right, like, and because you have a sluggish thyroid, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And until you fix that, it doesn't matter what, you could take all the testosterone you want, you could blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Um, it could be right like that. Um, you don't have a sluggish metabolism or, you know, low testosterone or thyroid disorder.

You have, uh, poor digestion, and therefore your body's not absorbing nutrients and able to use, you know, breakdown and utilize all the macronutrients from your diet, and therefore you're not able to build muscle tissue and then maintain blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, you don't have any of those problems. Like, that's not your, you don't have a, a metabolic problem, metabolism, slow metabolism, blah, blah, blah. You, you know, it's the fact that, um, you, you know, you've got a hormonal, a hormonal problem, uh, a hor, you know, x, y, z hormone that's triggering your appetite, your hunger, um, and you're gonna lose every time. And until you tamper that or get that hormone under control, you're gonna continue to overeat and blah, blah, blah.

See, my point in sharing all that with you is there's an argument that could be made for each one of those, and right? And, and the point is, is that those are all examples of stage five messages that you think this is your problem. You said it's your age and, and you know, blah, blah, blah. But it's not, that's not, that's the, the, the, the fact that you're not burnt. The fact that you have a sluggish metabolism is because you have low testosterone, is because you have low thyroid, is because you act like X, Y, Z.

And until you solve X, Y, z, you're gonna continue to struggle with losing weight, being overweight, your, your, your belly energy and, and all that. And so, perfect examples to me of how you could present an argument for each one of those things as a stage five message. Now, you know, Paul, you, you know, you said something, um, you know, you, you, you mentioned something, and I wanna, I wanna point this out for everybody. I wanna make sure that everybody understands, you know, let's take for example, low testosterone in a, in a man, right? Well, the reason why most guys, most men that are 40, 45, 50, you know, whatever, plus, uh, end up discovering that they've got low testosterone is usually how do they, how do they usually discover it?

Paul, what would you say? How does a guy, what, like, or somebody just throw out, I'm just curious of how do, like, why, you know, certainly can be from what, what brings them to the doctor? What, It's a multitude. It could be a multitude of things. It could be Sl as what You feel sluggish all the time.

You have crazy mood swings, uh, bedroom stuff. There's, you know, all that kind of stuff. I like that you just summed up like a whole bedroom stuff. Uh, right. Like, you know, lacking motivation, lacking Exactly.

Nick, lacking motivation, um, foggy, you know, um, thinking, gaining weight, losing muscle, um, uh, you know, the mild anxiety, depression, a whole host of things, right? And then you go to the doctor, doctor, blood work guy comes back, your, your testosterone is low. The thing to understand is that what drove, what drives a typical man are, uh, to, to go right, are the symptoms, the symptoms, not the root cause, right? It's the symptoms. And so you've gotta recognize that what, in many, many cases, what your prospect wants to alleviate is not the root cause.

They're thinking symptoms. Ma, in many cases, they don't know the root cause. I don't mean they refuse to eliminate the root cause. I mean, they're not even aware of the root cause. Yeah.

In many ca in many cases, they don't even know what the root cause is. They don't even care. I just don't wanna have low energy. I just don't wanna have no motivation. I don't wanna have bedroom problems.

I don't want, like, I just don't, I want to be done with the symptoms. And so that I share that with you, because that should also show you that, like, when you, when you think of what, what is the problem that I'm solving for my prospect? Number one, you're often should be solving the symptom, whatever it is that they're dealing with, which is usually not the underlying problem. But for stage five, you can ask yourself, is this a symptom of a deeper underlying issue? Is this a symptom of a deeper root cause issue?

Right? And does my solution solve that root cause issue? That's ultimately what we are. Um, yeah, You, you wanna, you wanna hear something wild? Just to turn this to kind of like turn this on its head a little bit more is, you know, I, so I had a cardiac issue a few years ago, and after I, so I had a heart attack in simple terms, and after I had this heart attack, I was like, on this mission to figure out how it happened.

Because at the time, um, my blood work was good, my markers were good, like everything looked good. And, you know, even the doctors in the hospital were like, it's like they were like asking me, are you doing this? Are you doing, I was answering no to all these questions that, you know, they typically, uh, that are typical red flags. And I wound up coming across a mar an education based marketing campaign that linked low testosterone to cardiovascular risk. And that's how I discovered that I had low testosterone.

That's funny, man. How about That? That's crazy. That's crazy. Well, so, you know, ob everybody, I think most people that have been in our world for any significant length of time know that I also had my own cardiovascular e episode to say it lightly.

Yeah. Um, and yeah, which is, it's probably a, a, a, you know, a different session where we need to talk about the two guys that are, you know, are here to, to help you both have cardiovascular issues. But the funny thing is, man, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna keep it light and humorous. I'll never forget the, so I go to the, the, the, the, the cardiologist find this guy who's, you know, an absolute beast. And the guy goes to me, now, he's a cardiologist, man.

Like, I don't know what that means. He's a cardiologist. And he goes, you know, he is like, listen, man, did you, did you, uh, did you do anything? Like, did you do any bumps? And I'm like, no.

And the fact that you even referring to it as bumps makes me a little nervous. Like, I gotta be honest with you, doc. You know what I mean? Like, you don't expect that kind of term to come outta your, your cardiologist, uh, turns out, like he's, he was great. Amazing dude.

Uh, that's funny. Still, still go to him, you know, tatted up and whatnot. But yeah, when you doc asks you, you do any bumps, I'm like, dude, yeah. The fact that, you know, that, uh, scares me. That's funny.

Um, but yeah. And so let's go on to, so Trevor popped something in, he said, you know, um, he said, uh, for sure this was when we were talking about changing up the wording and the phrasing, uh, in a headline, to not use the same terms, the same words, the same phrases as everybody else in your marketplace. Like, if everybody else is using a particular word or a particular phrase, I'm, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna use that word, or I'm not gonna use that phrase. I'm gonna try to find a different word, a different phrase, because I don't wanna appear as more of the same, right? Like, more people don't, uh, people don't engage at high rates with what they perceive to be more of the same.

And so, right. I want to appear different. And there's lots of different ways to achieve that, one of which is different, different words and different phrases. So, uh, Trevor, you, you know, Trevor mentioned, um, never have another day with zero sales again, which was the, the headline that we used on, uh, I think it was a webinar maybe, or a sales page for the E five method, and compare that to generate new customers every day, right? Ultimately, you know, same promise written in a different way.

And so, the thing that I'll point out, and you're right, Trevor, like, it's cool, like, I love that you, you pointed that out, like, you know, savvy. What I would say is that, um, is that, that's more, I just wanna make this point for everybody. I think, I love that you mentioned this, Trevor. I just wanna make this point for everybody that's more than just changing the words to appear different, right? We know that people are motivated really in one of two main ways, right?

They're either motivated towards pleasure or they're motivated away from pain. And, you know, oftentimes there, like oftentimes somebody is significantly more in one camp than the other. Like, there are some people that are much more motivated by avoiding pain, and there are some people that are just motivated towards, you know, towards pleasure, towards accomplishment, towards joy, right? And whatnot. And so that's an example of going in a different direction.

That is right. The never have another day with zero sales again, is ultimately moving away from the pain, right? It's never wake up to an empty inbox, you know, with no sales anymore kind of thought, like no longer dealing with that pain, whereas to generate, you know, new buyers every day, or, you know, wake up to sales every day, is the moving towards individual. And so, right, that's an example of, of shifting from, uh, again, from moving towards to moving away. And I think that what's important is, number one, it's valuable for you to look at your marketplace and see if everybody is, if everybody else that you're competing with is moving towards, moving towards, moving towards, there is an opportunity for you to go in there and do a moving away and have that serve as a bit of a, um, as a bit of a pattern interrupt.

The other thing is to really pay attention to is the, what is the dominant resident emotion of the marketplace? Is it this, like, we're sick and tired of X, Y, Z, I'm, I'm so sick of this, I just, I wanna be done with it. Or is it the opposite? Is it the more positive, uh, emotional pull of the joy? Like is it the greed?

Is it the, the, the, the excitement over here, because that also should drive, are you testing more of these away from the pain, uh, type of, um, appeals? And so just wanted to mention that, but, um, we could keep going. Um, Paul, Yep. Uh, so John popped this question in Todd and Paul, at what stage of a business do you pivot from customer acquisition to retention? Wow.

Okay, great question. So, um, I would say, and I'd love to hear how you would answer this, Paul, but I'm gonna answer it like this. I'm gonna say that you, and I'm gonna be, I'm gonna nitpick here, John, on the, on the words, okay? So like, this is, this is what happens. You gotta actually fight this.

Don't, this is a bit of a curse. And so, um, when you study copy and you're in marketing direct response, and you love rhetoric and argumentation, one word could, could create a tizzy and throw you off because it changes the meaning of, of, uh, of a sentence or a phrase. And so I'm gonna pick on the word, right? You said, at what stage of business do you pivot from customer acquisition to retention? I would say never.

You never pivot from customer acquisition. The reality is, is that you're, you're always going to be focused on, or always going to be driving, um, customer acquisition. What I would say is that a percentage of your focus should begin to shift from front end, um, to, to backend. Meaning, you know, initially, like, look, when you first launch your business, you're, you're a hundred percent focused on acquisition, right? Like, you're, you're a hundred percent focused on acquisition acqui.

There is nobody to retain until you acquire, right? And I would tell you that until you reach, and I know that this is a bit vague, but a bit of critical mass with your, your house file of buyers continue to focus on, on buyers like fo continue to keep your focus on acquisition, I should say. What then happens is, right, is then you begin to introduce fo focusing on backend. I don't mean not focusing on the front end, I just mean you're now adding in your, call it 90% front end, 10% backend. And over time, that begins to shift.

And that, uh, the per the, the focus begins to shift more and more to backend. But you never, you never pivot away from customer acquisition, never, ever, ever pivot away from customer acquisition. And in some markets, in some niches, uh, it, it's, it's act it's, it's even more, it's, it's more critical than in others, because in some markets, ultimately what happens on the front end is gonna determine what has to happen on the backend. Meaning in markets that evolve rapidly, like let's say the financial publishing arena where things change, you know, like, look how amazing, here's a prime example, right? For those of you that follow the market, right?

So two days ago, uh, right Monday, the market was down. I, I don't even know, like in an insane amount, right? Like, um, an insane, today the market, I think closed 3000 points up. And why? 'cause Trump made one announcement about the 90 day thing, tariff thing, whatever, blah, blah, blah.

Um, my point is, right, things change very, very fast. And so you need to have the front end working because the, a working front end is gonna tell you what to, what to roll out on the back end. In other words, in the ideal direct response driven business, the front end tells you what the backend should be. You roll out three front end campaigns and two are duds, and one's a, a one's a winner. Well, you know, which one you're, you know what the back end should be, it should be played off of that front end winner.

Or you roll out three campaigns and one of ems great, and two of them are soso. You still, you know, which one, what the backend should be. So the point is, in fast moving, fast evolving markets, uh, you, you need, you have to, um, continue with customer acquisition because if you don't, you're not gonna know what the backend, um, needs to be in markets that don't change as quickly, like, let's say alternative health, right? Where promotions and and marketing messages can have a very long shelf life. Um, it's, you know, it's, it's a little, uh, it's a little different.

Things are gonna have a much longer, longer shelf life, therefore, you know, you're not gonna need as many front ends or as many different promotions on the, uh, on the front end. But I hope that answers the question, Paul. I don't, would you add anything to that for John? Yeah, I, I, I, yeah, I think you nailed it. I, I don't, uh, I I can't think of any situation where I would pivot away from customer acquisition.

Uh, yeah, yeah. So I think you summed it up. Yeah. Okay. I will say this.

You know, it's, it's an interesting thing. You know, I love the question, John, and probably, I, I harped on, you know, you know, like I harped on the one word that you probably, that's not even at all what you meant. Uh, um, but, um, you know, what I will say is this, with that being said, now, let me say this. The business is the backend. The business is the backend.

What I, what I mean by that, right? The, the business is the backend. What I mean is that so many, so many entrepreneurs, especially in the direct response world, but really in general, I would say so many entrepreneurs make the mistake of focusing, uh, focusing 90% of their energy on the front end. They're constantly in acquisition mode, acquisition mode, acquisition mode, acquire, acquire, acquire, what they're, they're looking at every day, new leads, new buyers. How many new new customers did we generate yesterday pushing that number higher and higher and higher?

And, and, and they're doing that to the neglect of the backend. And you have to understand that in most business, most direct response businesses that scale the single, that that are scaling the single most expensive activity in the business is customer acquisition. In many cases, you're spending more to acquire a customer than what that customer's worth to you on day zero, right? The day that you acquire them, meaning you're going negative on the front in most instances when you're scaling, right? You wanna acquire 10 buyers a week, 20 buyers a week, 30 buyers a week.

You don't have to go negative to do that. But when you wanna scale, and you, you're, you know, you wanna get to 200, 300, 400, 500 buyers a day and more and beyond that, right? You're, you, you're gonna be going negative on the front. And so you have to understand that that means that, you know, just as an example, you, you could spend 50 bucks to acquire a customer, and that customer only spends 30 bucks with you the day that you acquire them. My point is, is that it's the single most expensive activity in a direct response driven business.

And so it makes no sense economically for the business to, um, to focus 90% of your energy on that once you've built some critical mass in your business, because you have to understand a million, let's just call it a million dollars added to your top line from front end sales is wildly different, um, than a million dollars added to your top line from back sales. I mean, wildly different in terms of the impact on the bottom line, a million dollars top line, if you're going negative on the front, let's just say a million dollar, let, let's keep it real simple, million dollars top line from the front end, and you're breaking even on the front end, you're not even going negative. That means you spend a hundred bucks to get a customer, that customer's worth a hundred bucks to you on day zero, right? That's break. You spend 200 bucks to get a customer, that customer's worth 200 bucks to you on day zero.

You spend 50 bucks, that customer's worth 50 bucks, you break even, right? There's no profit in that. And let's say you generate a million bucks from the front end, you add a million bucks, uh, to the top line, right? What does that add to the bottom line? Nada, nothing.

Zero, right? Nothing. You add a million bucks on from the back end, where remember, on the front end, you've already paid for the acquisition of those buyers you've already paid to acquire those buyers you've already paid to acquire leads, right? If we're breaking even, and we're using lead gen on that right now, you a million bucks from the back end, now, you could see a monster number hit the bottom line, uh, when you, and so my point is, is that you've gotta recognize the real business you're in is the back end. The front end is, is there just for maximum customer acquisition, we wanna acquire the maximum number of new buyers that we possibly can at scale with within KPI, right?

We wanna do it, but the real business is the backend. The real business is the second transaction, the third transaction, the fourth transaction. What we do once we've gotten a buyer, that's the real business you're in. Everything that we do on the front end is designed to acquire a buyer. It's not designed to generate profit, it's not designed to, to, to grow the business, right?

It's designed to feed the growth of the business, but the growth of the business, the business is the back end. That's the real business that you are in. And so, hope that, uh, hope that answers that, uh, that question. And so, Paul, you want to go, let's go to the next one. Uh, there's one here from Nick.

Nick's asked, is stage five copywriting a good habit to get in even if your market is in stage four? Well, okay, so not sure if I, uh, not sure if I would label it good habit. Um, I certainly, you can't go wrong. I I, I've said this from day one, even before I fully understood stage five copy, right? I've said this from, from day one as it relates to, uh, like 10 years ago when started, when, when talking about the unique mechanism and marketplace sophistication as Gene Schwartz put marketplace sophistication.

Um, I've always said that a, a level two marketing message will work for level one and level two, a level three marketing message will work for level one, two, and three. A level four marketing message will work for level 1, 2, 3, and, you know, levels 1, 2, 3, and four, A level five or a stage five, um, message will work for every, every stage. The difference is, is that it is much easier to create a lower stage marketing message, right? A stage one marketing message is, you know, is a promise, right? Like, is a promise.

And that, you know, and that's it, basically, right? Like, um, a promise and proof, if you will. Um, and every stage, right? You, it, it, it becomes more complex. I'm not saying it becomes complex, I'm saying it becomes more complex, right?

Um, and so certainly once you get, once you get to like stage one and two are very easy, it's very easy copy to create because it's promise driven. It's just the size of the promise. That's the difference between stage two and stage one. It's becomes stage three where you add a new dimension to the marketing message, which is the introduction of a unique mechanism, right? Like a, a unique mechanism.

Um, and, and then expand on the unique mechanism. Now you're adding a different, uh, a different dimension to the marketing mess. And that's a much more difficult, much more complex marketing message to present, because now you're introducing a new different and superior solution, which you then have to prove through a marketing argument, if you will. Um, what makes it not only different, but superior. Uh, and then of course, stage five, it's even that much more complex because we're still doing everything that I just said at, you know, stage three and stage four.

But now we're also presenting the, the fact that there's a real root cause What you're, what you think is the problem is only a symptom and blah, blah, blah. And so the answer is, yeah, you, you can't go wrong. You won't go wrong in a marketplace that, that is at a lower le lower level of sophistication going with a higher sophistication marketing campaign. It's just that you've gotta recognize it's much more difficult to create those kind of campaigns. Now, if you're okay with that, like, and you're willing, you're a glutton for punishment, uh, and you're willing to, to really go the distance and, and do the work, yeah, you could create a grand slam home run campaign because, you know, there are ma there have been many campaigns, there were campaigns years ago that, um, that were what I would call stage five based on stage five copy that were stage five that were rolled out years ago, well before stage five was well before the marketplace was in stage five, that turned out to be killer campaigns.

You know, one, one that comes to mind, I can't remember if I talk, I, I believe I did talk about it, I think at the, at the stage five bootcamp, excuse me, but is, you know, my buddy, our buddy Rich Shen's internet business manifesto, the, the 36 page or 32 page PDF that launched a $8 million coaching program, 8 million bucks in his first 12 months, I believe it was. Um, and what did he do? He, he did, he had a stage five message and right, it's just a great example. I constantly go back to the internet business manifesto, which you could go to Google and just search for Rich Sheron's Internet Business Manifesto and, and, uh, you'll be able to find a PDF version. And you look at it, it's a perfect example of education based marketing, um, education based marketing, where he is showing you at the time that what you believe is the problem is not the problem.

That it's merely a symptom of a deeper underlying problem. And until you solve the deeper underlying problem, you're gonna continue to, to struggle. And he rolls out the solution, uh, which was the only available solution at the time to, to, to, to solve the deeper underlying problem. He was saying, for those of you that have never read it, he was saying, right, like everybody at that time, years ago, I don't remember how long ago, it's 10, 12 years ago or something, I can't even remember, 15 years ago, I don't remember. Um, but on the cover of that internet business manifesto was a U diagram.

You, the entrepreneur was at the center, and there was everything you could imagine, or a blogging, you know, social media video, like all kinds of crazy stuff. Some stuff that doesn't even exist anymore in, you know, in today's internet, right? And the problem was that everybody was overwhelmed trying to do all that stuff. Everybody was trying to figure out, how do I now, right? Social media is now a new thing at the time, right?

How do I incorporate all this stuff in here and do all these things? I'm overwhelmed. I'm dying over here. Like, that's right. And what Rich did was he presented a message that said, you think your problem is more bandwidth and figuring out how to do more of these things, but the real problem is that you're functioning like an opportunity seeker instead of an a strategic entrepreneur, which is why you're, you're, you're, you're thinking you should be doing all these things.

And the reality is, is that until you're able to function like a strategic entrepreneur and identify the six things that you need to do, instead of the 60 things that you need to do, you're gonna continue with overwhelm, frustration, exhaustion, burnout, and, and info overload. And then he, he was the only guy that had a program that showed you how to become a strategic entrepreneur. And that was the first time I forked over four grand. Um, and yeah. And, uh, and I was like, dang, this makes a whole lot of freaking sense, right?

Like, I, I said the thing that we do that we try to lead people to, to realize, dang, that freaking makes a lot of sense that I see it. I get it. Holy cow, he's right. And so it was a no brainer for me, um, at the time. And so, um, yeah, so, uh, I dig it.

Um, and so that being said, Nick, I would say certainly, you know, it's not a necessary habit, but certainly, you know, if you can start, you know, to, to thinking through is there a deeper underlying problem that is the real cause of my prospect's problem, whether it's your own prospect in your own markets, or even just looking at other markets as an exercise and forcing yourself, whether it's once a week doing this little exercise just to begin to train the muscle to say like, what could the deeper underlying problem be? And maybe even doing a little bit of research, taking 30 minutes out of your week to practice that. Yeah, that's, that's absolutely, um, valuable. And then, and certainly if you're down to right, a campaign, you know, stage five, you, you can't go wrong with it. Uh, a well done stage five, it doesn't matter where, what stage your, your marketplace is in.

Yeah, I, I would say to, you know, to add to that, Nick, is that like, at the end of the day, you know, the way that I see stage five is like, ultimately, like what we're doing is we're presenting an idea, right? Um, not necessarily like a big idea in the context of like the way Todd teaches it, but like in every campaign, we're, we're always putting forth an idea, we're always expressing some form of an idea. The main idea that we're expressing in a stage five campaign is that there is a real root cause or a real issue that the prospect is not aware of. We educate them a about how that is their, their, you know, the real co the real, uh, source of their problem, and then show them how our unique solution is the only, uh, solution designed, uh, to fix the true cause of that problem. Right?

Now, how you articulate that, there are lots of different ways to articulate it, right? You could say the real core reason. So like, an example could be like, um, you know, that you're, and I'm, I'm just using hypothetical, hypothetical examples, right? But it could be that like, the reason why you can't land a relationship has nothing to do with your appearance. So you think like you're trying to get a, a new wardrobe and you're working out and you're doing all these different things, but the real issue is like the way you communicate, right?

And it could be something more specific, like it's something that you're doing specifically with your voice, right? Or you're not doing with your voice when you communicate, right? It could be myths, right? That the prospect is, has been believing, like a common belief for many years was that high cholesterol foods cause high blood cholesterol. But the truth is that dietary cholesterol has little impact on serum cholesterol, right?

Um, again, these, these, these ideas might not necessarily be new, but they're, they're variations on expressing, um, the true cause of the problem, right? It could be a lie, right? It could be a lie that the prospect has been told. So maybe they've been told that eating fat makes you fat, right? But the truth is that carbs, sugar, and excess calories ultimately make you fat.

It could be false beliefs and misconceptions that they have. It could be, um, you know, that they've been, um, led, they've been led astray with incomplete solutions. It could be that there's a new seemingly unrelated cause like what Todd was talking about earlier, like a fat gene, right? There's a specific fat gene that's getting turned on. So you think your weight gain is, is really come, comes from poor diet and exercise habits, but the reality is there's a secret cynical gene in your body that turns on, doesn't matter how much calorie counting you do, how much cardio you do, et cetera, et cetera.

My point in sharing that is that all of these different things are ideas, they're variations of ideas. And I think the more you flex those idea muscles in your brain, to me, the byproduct of that is you just become a savvier marketer, right? I I just think that you become a savvier marketer. I love it. White belt, That was, you smacked, you should have smacked the mic and just walked away and not even said anything at that point.

I love it. No, that's, that's so, I mean, that's so good, man. That's, that really is, that's just, you know, that's so good. I, I think, you know, one, one thing popped in my head and then we'll go, we'll take the next, um, the next question, uh, John posted I think a follow up, but, you know, you know, one thing I wanna, I wanna share something with you guys. So, you know, once a week I do this, um, marketing meeting with the team, and, uh, I think many of you may know Teddy Garcia.

Teddy is like our longtime tech, uh, wizard. Uh, right now he's the, the, the tech guy for, uh, what's his name again? Paul Peter Diand. Diamandis. Yeah.

And, um, and so, you know, Teddy is always, you know, Teddy's the guy who on these marketing meetings, right? He's been with, he's been in, you know, with us for a very, very long time. Uh, he would always be the one, he's always the one on these weekly calls to question me, like, to call me out on something, like to, you know, to, to, to que. And I love it. I love it because I'm like, you know, this freaking guy.

I'm like, this guy's calling me out in the middle of my, my own call. Uh, and he and I, I love it because like, he, he doesn't, you know, like, look, he wants to, he wants to, to know the answer, and he's not, he, he's, he's not gonna hold back. And so I love it. Like, I truly love it and appreciate when, when he first started doing it, like I said, I was like this unbelievable. Uh, but, you know, Teddy said something, and I wanna point this out to you.

He said, you know, he said, with an argument, he said, yeah, but Todd, he said, you know, he said, but somebody else could present an argument for the complete opposite of what you're saying. Yep. Right? Like, somebody can present a, a, an argument for the complete opposite. And what I want you to understand is what I said to Teddy was, of course, yeah, of course somebody could.

I'm not saying that there is no other argument to be made. I'm saying that I believe that the argument that we're presenting is the, the, the one that is most solid. But I don't care what, what arena you're in, whether, whether it's nutrition, and you heard Paul talk about, you know, you know, fat's not the culprit. Carbs are the culprit. Carbs aren't the culprit.

Fat's the culprit, right? Fat's not the culprit. It's, you know, it's timing, it's meal timing, meal timing, doesn't matter at all. It's total calories. It's not calories, it's the type of calor you, right?

Like there's, you know, everybody, and you know, there, there's a different opinion. You line up 15 people and you could get 15 different perspectives, opinions, right? And the key is, as a consumer, I want to hear your argument to support, you know, your perspective A and your, your argument to support perspective B and C and D and so on. And then I'll decide what makes the most sense to me and which one to me, uh, um, presents the strongest argument. It's just like in marketing, where you got look, right?

Isn't it funny you got some people that are like, low ticket is the way to go. Low ticket kills high ticket, high ticket is the way, don't start with low ticket, start with high ticket, right? Then you've got, you know, mid-tier, right? Then you got like a salespeople or no salespeople, you launches are the best, launches are the worst use quiz everybody's got, right? And now, look, there are some people that are just, they're, they're gonna sell a product in a marketplace merely because they feel people will buy it and they don't have belief in it.

They just migrate towards what, what, what, what sells. But there are lots of people that, that, that talk about low ticket, that believe it and would present an argument or attempt to present an argument for why low ticket. Same thing with high ticket, same thing with mid-tier. Same thing with launches, same thing with quizzes, same thing with, right? Like, and so the, the point is I'm sharing that with you guys and gal.

So that number one, you, you, you're not dismayed by the fact that, well, somebody could come along and say the opposite of this. That's okay. That doesn't mean that what the argument that you're presenting isn't sound and doesn't make sense, right? Just because somebody could come along and present a different argument, uh, you know, their argument doesn't mean, number one, that their argument is better than yours. It doesn't, it doesn't, uh, take away from the power of your argument.

And it doesn't mean that your argument is wrong, it just means that somebody's got a different perspective. Yeah. And that's totally cool. Totally cool. And so, right, Paul?

Yeah. You know, so what's interesting is like, um, you know, I, I'll share something personal that, you know, Todd knows about me. So I, I recently re rediscovered my Christian faith. And in the process of doing that, I was watching tons of debates, first debates on, uh, you know, atheists verse versus, versus, you know, uh, intelligence, you know, versus a god, an infinite creator. And then I was watching debates within, uh, even in the Christian sector, right?

Between different types of Christians. And I'm watching all these debates, and I don't know if it was Utah. I, I, I'm not sure who, but, but I, what I said to someone was like, you know, I watch all these debates. Nobody ever concedes, nobody ever says, man, you know what? I was wrong, man.

I was wrong about this whole thing. You got it right? And the person that I was talking to was like, no, but that's not the ju, that's not what's supposed to happen in a debate. In a debate. Each person presents their case.

And you have to decide, you as the viewer decide, which one of these people convinced me more, who brought more evidence to the table and convinced me of their argument more. Love it. And like, love. So, you know, so this guy, he knows that this guy's gonna come to the table with all this other stuff, and vice versa. Your job, again, remember your marketing thesis.

What's your marketing thesis? What ultimately, what thesis are you trying to prove? What, what level of superiority are you trying to prove regarding your unique mechanism? And that's what your whole argument is about. Yeah.

Well said, man. You know, I, I, I tell, I love it. I love it because there's so much marketing value in, in what it is that you just shared. Like, number one, I remember I heard, um, I heard somebody say like, I also lo love watching debates just because I love, again, seeing people present arguments and, and also rip apart arguments respectfully, you know, rip apart arguments, because that's the equivalent of us in marketing, overcoming objections, right? Uh, you know, uh, objections or potential concerns about the mechanism, the solution, other solutions, blah, blah, blah.

Um, but I'll never forget seeing somebody in the middle of a debate, and, and one guy, um, said to another guy, said to the, his opponent, he said something like, I don't, I don't find that convincing. Something along those lines, right? Don't take not the exact word. One guy says to the other guy, I don't find that convincing. And the other guy says to him something along the lines of, well, I'm not here to convince you.

I'm here to convince them. Yeah. Pointing to the audience, right? And so, um, the, the, you know, the, the point is right, that you're, you, you know, Paul, like you're absolutely right. They're there to present the best argument or what they believe is the best argument so that people, listeners can compare the two and say, well, this one makes a lot more sense to me.

It appears a lot more solid. It's backed up with a lot more proof. It's, there's, the, the logic chain just makes a lot more, this one seems flimsy and seems like there's a lot of leaps and, and, you know, and non-sequitur and blah, blah, blah. And, and, um, and all this, the other thing why there's tremendous value, um, is, uh, is, you know, and what you said when you said Paul, right? That, you know, these, these guys that debate or these women that debate, they know they, they're prepared for what it is that the, the opponent is going to say.

Well, that to me is the equivalent, right? Of being, being prepared by understanding the opposing argument, by understanding, right, the, of the, the other side of the equation, right? Like, I, you know, before I can espouse the benefits of high ticket, like I have to know, like, what do, what's the negative stuff that people say about high ticket? What are the potential concerns, objections, all that, because that's part of putting together a solid, you know, no-brainer, um, no-brainer argument. And so, um, yeah, You know, I'm, I'm gonna say something about that real quick, right?

Yeah. And, and this circles back like to, to research, right? So again, going back to that example of the, the client that I was working with that had the tonic, right? So one of the claims that we made in the argument was, um, something, something related to, um, I, I'm not sure if it was speed or, um, I'm not sure if it was speed or, um, effectiveness in terms of absorption. This is what this was a while ago, but it had to do with the fact that this was a drink, not a capsule, right?

And so I wanted to highlight that and kind of exploit the fact that when you drink this thing, it immediately goes into your stomach and it starts to get absorbed in your blood faster than having to wait for a, you know, a capsule, right? And so, like, look, somebody could counter that and say, yeah, but our capsules are time released. So you're getting, you know, the, you, you're getting a, uh, it's more efficient the way that you're getting it, uh, uh, distributed through the body is more efficient. Uh, but I also had a counter argument built into that. And what the follow-up was, was not only that drinking the liquid, um, aids and absorption in the body, but that most supplements that are put into capsules are loaded with fillers and binders like, uh, magnesium steroid and silicon dioxide.

How do I know that? Because I looked at the labels of all the competitors, and almost every single one of them had fillers and binders in their capsules. And there's no argument for that. There's no counter argument for that other than they're trying to make the capsules look like they have more stuff in them than they actually do, right? So I was able to make two claims in my argument about the superiority of a drink versus a capsule.

Now, look, somebody could have, you know, 20 more different arguments about why capsules are more effective. I don't care. My job in, in that, uh, in that context was to prove the superiority of this drink. And so that's what my argument was. That's what I focused on, was, um, was, was, was building the thesis, right?

That one big belief that we needed the prospect to have, that this was the most effective way to reduce their anxiety safely and naturally. Um, so I just wanted to point that out, right? Like I, you know, you have to, again, you have to know these things. 'cause if you don't, um, you, you miss out on a lot of different opportunities to make stronger arguments. I love it.

I love it. Beautiful. And so, I know I wanna go back to, so, uh, a few questions came in. John asked a question. I just wanna address a quick question from Barbara real quick.

Uh, Barbara said, what if imposter syndrome comes up when researching the argument? So I'm not really sure exactly what you mean when you say imposter syndrome comes up when you're researching the argument. I'm not sure if there's a nuance here, but I'm gonna answer the question like this. Um, Barbara, and this is gonna, this understand where this is coming from, Barbara, this is coming from a place of love, okay? And caring, right?

I care enough about you to say what it is that I'm about to say with this. What if imposter syndrome comes up when researching the argument? So what, so what? You keep researching the argument and you write the argument, right? Like it, the meaning that don't let your feeling, uh, you know, uh, imposter syndrome, your feeling of fear, your feeling of inadequacy, of lack of confidence to stop you from continuing and, um, and executing.

Uh, you know, I would be lying if I didn't say right. I've been doing this a long time now, uh, you know, for those of you that have seen some of the, you know, some of the pictures that we use in our marketing certainly need to be updated. 'cause there's not a single gray hair in my beard. And, uh, and I have a lot more hair. Uh, you know, I would be lying if I didn't say that.

There is, you know, there were, there were many times when, um, I dealt with my own imposter syndrome. And you know, you know, it's amazing how you could hit home, run after home run after home run, you strike out, and then all of a sudden you're like, oh my gosh, is it gone? The whole thing is gone, right? This, this was a facade the whole time. Um, and you know, it, those, those campaigns were all luck.

This is the real me. And, and so my point in, in, in sharing that is like, look, you know, it, it's the same, it's the same kind of answer that I would give to my daughters who say, you know, if they wake up and they say, well, dad, what if I don't feel like going to work? What should I do? Go to work, right? If you wake up and you don't feel like exercising, what should you do?

You, you go exercise. I don't really, you know, like, and I say this with, this goes for myself, this goes for my kids, my wife, the whole, my, you know, friends, family, the whole nine. I don't really care how you feel. Do what you're supposed to do, period. Regardless of how you feel that that's right, that's how you get things done.

It's not about how you feel. It's about what you do. And I don't really care how you feel while you're doing it. And the best way to overcome imposter syndrome is to do it and click publish and event, right? And click execute.

Eventually you won't feel like an imposter anymore. You know, I've, I've always said without going down this crazy rabbit hole, right? It is, it's motion before emotion. You know? Like, you don't wait to feel like an exerciser to start exercising.

You start exercising and then you'll feel like an exerciser, right? Like you, you know, you don't, you don't wait until you feel like a, a, a juujitsu, uh, beast to start taking juujitsu. You start taking it. You put in the years, you put in the reps, you do what Paul did, and then eventually, maybe you'll feel that way when you, right. When you through the action, it's action first.

And so I would say, uh, I would say Barbara hope that, you know, like, yeah, man, we, we all deal with it. We all go through it. Don't think, I don't care who it is. Um, there have been like in the spirit of complete transparency, right? Like, and I know gurus aren't, you know, a guru or whatever, isn't supposed to, you know, is supposed to be like, I'm the, the wizard on the, on the mountain.

When I would go to events and people would want to take a picture, you know, with me, I would always think to myself, if this person only knew the stuff that mentally I struggle with, they would like, they wouldn't, like, I always say to them, find somebody else, man, that you want to take a picture with. Like, you don't wanna take a picture with me. If you only knew what's going on in my head, you wouldn't wanna take a picture with me. And so the point is, right, they, and they all, they all are like that. They all like, meaning we all struggle with stuff.

And so all good. Alright, John, so John said, I'm not sure what he meant by this Paul. And so help me out here. Doesn't that boil down to high touch consulting, trumping high ticket sales? I'm assuming that you are, that's, you are presenting a different idea that high-touch consulting is more effective than high ticket sales.

Is that like what you're saying? Yeah. Yeah. So I guess he's, yeah, he's presenting an idea that, um, whatever high touch consulting is that that's a more effective way to, I guess, what is it? Uh, I thought he was typing something else.

Uh, he Said correct. Yeah. Okay. Correct. Yeah.

Meaning what? I'm not sure what, what do you, what does that mean, Paul? Like, doesn't, doesn't it boil down to high touch consulting trumping? Why does high touch consulting Trump high ticket sales and Trump high ticket sales? In what regard?

Yeah. So that, that, that part would have to be expanded upon. But I think he's giving a very surface level, um, example of an idea where he's contrasting two different things, right? One is high touch consulting, the other one is high ticket sales, so that there's like a, um, like a juxtaposition there between those two things. Now, of course, that would have to be expanded upon as to like what the differences, why high touch consulting is more effective, um, why it leads to better clients, why it generates more revenue.

Um, but it's, it's, it's just two different labels of one approach versus another one. Interesting. Okay. Um, okay. Not really sure if there, if there's a question that we missed, John, ask it, um, ask it again.

Um, you know, what is interesting, and it's probably, uh, the more intimate the conversation, the more are, are you ultimately asking, John, is high-touch consulting more effective than high ticket sales? Is that what you're asking? Is, are you asking our opinion on high Touch? Oh, I, I think he's asking if that, if that's presenting a stage five idea, like when you presented a prospect, forget about high ticket sales and focus on, um, high touch consulting. High touch consulting is more effective than high ticket sales.

No, that's not a stage, that's not stage five. What that would ultimately be doing, and I'm gonna try to keep this simple, right, uh, use, continue with terminology that we've been using and, and, and use on a regular basis. What I would say, John, is that the idea that you don't want to use high ticket sales, you want to go with high touch consulting, that is really, um, you're, you're, for lack of a better phrase, you're introducing a different mechanism. Mechanism, right? The high touch consulting is just a different mechanism.

And ultimately you're presenting an argument for the superiority of high, high-touch consulting over high ticket sales. So you're ultimately saying, right, high-touch consulting is the superior mechanism, and right, it's better than high ticket sales. It's better than this, it's better than this, it's better than this. It's the best for what it is that you want. That's not, that's not stage, that's not stage five.

Now, I'm just gonna make something up here. What would make it or could make it stage five is let's say, uh, and again, I'm just gonna make something up here. If the, the, the, the person that you're talking to is like, they wanna sell high priced services, um, and they've tried high ticket sales ish stuff, and, um, and it's not working, and they think that the issue is their sales skills and getting better at their sales skills. And if we could come along and we could present an argument, again, I'm making all this up, we could come along and say that the problem isn't that your sales skills aren't adequate, the problem is that the marketplace is no longer responding to high ticket sales because it's been inundated with blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's why today they respond better to more intimate conversations, which is right.

And the, the way to achieve that is with high touch consulting. Um, and so hopefully that, uh, that makes sense. Um, so that would shift it from, again, remember what makes stage five is ultimately being able to say what you think is the problem. What you think is causing you this, the, the causing you these issues, right? Is not really the problem.

It's a symptom of this, which is the real problem. The what you're talking about is a result of this is a byproduct of this is a symptom of this, and you're gonna continue to experience this problem, this symptom, this byproduct, until you resolve this root cause. And the only way, or the most effective way, right, to solve this root cause is with this mechanism over here. And in an ideal world, if you're the only one that has a mechanism to solve this, if you're the only, if you have the only supplement that does X, Y, Z and x, Y, Z needs to happen to alleviate the symptom, you've got a beautiful, um, you've got a beautiful campaign. And so hope that, uh, that makes sense there.

Let me see this, let me see this. Um, okay, so let's just go, Uh, John, David has a question. This call is part of the copywriting labeled stage five copywriting boot. Can, if I'm not mistaken, um, these days I can read in my mail about a more expensive offer on copywriting from A to Z. What are the main differences?

Are they not overlapping in big chunks? If yes, could you tell me, uh, could you make the, could you, if yes, what could you make to alleviate the problem personally as I'm a newbie and taking action? I suppose I will try to apply this stage five prior to learn more. Uh, does that sound wise to you? So I guess his main question is, what's the difference between stage five and A to Z?

Yeah. Well, first, let me, let me address this. So l let me, let me say this. So number one, right? Um, number one, whether, whether I'm supposed to say this or not, number one, when you invest in a program, don't invest in another program until you implement what you learn in the pro in the program that you first bought.

You buy a program, don't, this is what I don't want you to do. This is what I don't want anybody to do. I don't want you to just be this consumer of my programs as much as I'm honored by it. And I love knowing that people are getting value and learning, right? Like, and I'm proud of everything that we've, we've created for you and your benefit and your business.

You need to implement. The only value in, in the, in, in this, in learning is in the application of what it is that you learn. And so, I'd much rather you invest in one thing from me and implement like a machine than invest in four things from us, from Paul and I, um, Damien and the crew, and, uh, and implement nothing. And so, right? And Paul feels, you know, we're, we're all collect, this is our culture.

And so, so I would say like, you know, don't be so quick to buy the next thing. Be quick to implement what it is that you learn. I would say that number one, first and foremost, it goes without saying that when you invest in something, in a program, stage five, right? Go through it and go through it more than once. Take notes, study it.

Don't just consume it, study it. It's one of the things that, right, I I was like, you can see the bookshelf, my bookshelf in the, in the, uh, in the office, right? I've always been from day one, a student, an avid student, not, and it, it's not about consuming, it's about studying it. It's about getting, letting it, letting it get, you know, getting ingrained, like ingrained in yourself, like right, right. Really absorbing it and then putting it into action, right?

Putting it into action. I don't care if you put some of it into action, the majority of it into action, right? Hopefully all of it into, but you gotta take action. And then when you need something else, when there, when you've identified that there is like, I'm struggling in this area, or, right, I've got this problem and I need to resolve that, then you can invest in the next thing. But don't just go to the next program and spend more money when you haven't implemented yet.

And so, that being said, the difference between the stage five copywriting bootcamp and A to Z is really A to Z is the tactical, my, my tactical copywriting training, meaning that the one thing that I felt was missing from all the copywriting trainings out there was like, how, what, what, what do I think about when it comes to word choice? What do I think about when it comes to sentence structure and paragraph structure and transitions from one paragraph to, um, to another? Um, and, you know, and, and open loops and nested loops in there, and phraseology and framing and all of these different, you know, tiny persuasion gambits and triggers and tactics used throughout the copy, right? And so the A to Z is all of the tactical writing stuff that applies to all forms of copy. It doesn't matter, right?

I don't, I'm, uh, in A to z I'm model agnostic, meaning I'm not talking about one specific format of copy, a long form copy or VSL copy or, you know, a webinar, none of that. I'm not, I'm form format agnostic. What I'm talking about is how do you write persuasive copy tactically, not the high level hit on benefits, right? But how do you write benefits, the different types of benefits? What's the right way or the best way to articulate the benefits?

Where do you do that? What's the best type of proof to use? How do you use that proof? Where do you use that proof? You know, and tactically down to word choice, sentence structure, paragraph structure and so on, that's the big difference.

Whereas stage five copy is the model, is the structure of what a stage five campaign looks like, but it's the A to Z stuff that is going to take that big picture, right? Like the structure of the, of the overall message, and allow you to get into the weeds to really dial in everything that gets said, because right, every word counts, every word counts, every sentence counts, right? It only takes one word. What it, it only takes for you to say one word that is off the mark for you to lose a prospect. One word, let me give you an example.

So years ago, a very quick example, years ago, I worked in the, I started in the massage, uh, working with or helping massage therapists to grow their practice. And then I went over to, um, to chiropractors and I helped them massage therapists. They refer to their, um, their, the folks that they work with as clients, chiropractors refer to their, the folks that they work with as patients. If you went, if I went over to a chiropractor and I, and, and in my marketing for them, I said, clients done one word, right? One word.

Now that's a research thing. That's a right. But my point is one word can make all the difference in the world. And right there are, you know, there's a right way, I believe a right way, a wrong way. I go through, um, rhetoric, I go through reframing, redefine, just, it's basically all of the, all of the triggers, the gambits, the tactics, and all of the tactical writing stuff is in A to Z.

And stage five is the, is the biggie. And so enough with that, hopefully that makes sense. Hopefully that answers the question. Alright, let's keep, let's keep cruising here. Um, so here, here's one.

Um, Paul, so Nick said, so, uh, very helpful. Thanks so much. Uh, so then we are looking for problems that competition is not talking about in our research question mark. And that is the intellectually interesting component of the big idea, is that, how would you answer that? Uh, I would say that looking, looking for problems that, uh, competitors are not talking about, it's certainly one part of the research.

Uh, I would also be looking again to see right in, in the research, there's two components, right? You have your competitors and you have your prospects. So certainly looking at what your competitors are talking about is, is half of the equation, but the other half is how are your prospects talking about this problem? Um, how are they expressing it? How are they articulating it?

What kind of words, terms, verbiage, and, uh, you know, what kind of emotions are they expressing? Uh, really plain and simple. What do the majority of them think? Um, the main cause of the problem is, and again, if you've identified this hidden unknown cause, do you see anybody else talking about it? Do you see any other prospects talking about it?

Um, you know, again, to circle back real quick on like what Todd just said. So in another, uh, business where, um, I'm partners with this, um, with this gentleman, Andrea, who's, um, super savvy, dude, who has, um, this very elaborate system for helping dentists double their revenue, um, while working, while spending less time at the chair, while working less. And so, like, one of the, one of the campaigns that we're running is for this book that shows the dentist how to increase, um, their treatment plan, acceptance rates to 80% or better with their premium treatment plans. So, very short and simple, you walk into a dentist, they give you an examination. Ultimately, at the end, the dentist prescribes you a treatment plan.

What happens more often than not is the dentist starts with the elaborate, extensive, expensive treatment plan, which is the treatment plan that the patient actually needs. The patient bulks at the, at the, at the price of it. And then the, the, the dentist winds up downselling them, for lack of a better term, into a cheaper treatment plan that isn't necessarily the one that's the one that they really need. And so what this system shows them how to do is to increase the case acceptance to eight outta 10 brand new patients, saying yes to the most expensive and most exte extensive premium treatment plans. What I found in my research, this is just an, uh, an off the cuff, is that dentists don't really use the term treatment plan.

They use the term case acceptance. So all of my messaging was around how to increase your treatment plan acceptance rate, and no dentist says that they all say case acceptance. So I had to change all of the language in, in the, in the copy to be around case acceptance, right? This is the importance of knowing not only what your competitors talk about, how your prospects articulate their problem, how they talk about it in their own terms, right? So that's, that's just like a little side note again of understanding, um, like the words, terms verbiage that they use.

But to answer your question, yes, Nick, like specifically I'm looking for things that other, uh, other competitors are not talking about. But equally as important is what are the prospects talking about? What do they see as the problem? You know, another, like for instance, let's say I introduced this, um, you said, is that the intellectually, uh, interesting component of the big idea? So let, let's say I introduced this big idea that, uh, a recent phytonutrient has been discovered in the depths of the jungle in the Amazon rainforest that's been shown to, uh, reduce blood pressure safely and naturally.

And so I start with this big grand idea. I got this, you know, this crazy lead that hooks people in, and then I introduce beet root powder. That's, that's the phytonutrient that was discovered deep in the Amazon rainforest. Do you know that 98% of educated prospects that have been, you know, that, that are solution aware, problem aware, solution aware, relatively problem aware, they know that beet root powder, uh, has been shown to reduce blood pressure. That's not new.

It's not exciting. It's not, it's, it's, it, I would lose the majority of my prospects if I try to introduce beet root powder as this, as a big idea, as this undiscovered phytonutrient deep in the Amazon jungle, I would lose them, right? But yet, if I was, let's say this guy who just got into the supplement space and I was white labeling some beet root powder, um, and I didn't do any research on my competitors, on my prospects, and I tried to introduce that as an intellectually interesting idea, it would flop, it would bomb. So that's the importance of you need to know what, how educated your prospects are in terms of what they've been exposed to, what they think the, what they think the problem is, what they think the solution is, what they believe to be true false. Even if it's not, there are things that they're gonna believe that are true that you know, are not true, um, which, which actually works in your favor, but you have to be aware of these things.

Yeah, I love it, man. Great job, dude. Like, well said, man. Love it. Another mic drop moment, man.

You know, it, it's, it's funny because, you know, to, to piggyback very, very quickly, then we'll take, we'll do, uh, I think there's one more question and then, um, we'll wrap it, uh, we'll wrap it up. You know, Nick, I, I mean, look, you know, Paul, Paul really said it, you know? Yeah. I wanna, I wanna look at, I wanna look at all of the different problems. Like I'm, I, I, I'm gonna give you a, I'm, I'm ultimately saying the same thing that Paul did, but I'm gonna show you how, how you can come at it from a different, a different angle for a second.

I'm gonna look at all of the problems. Uh, uh, I'm gonna look at all the problems or, or symptoms that the marketplace is having, all the things that the marketplace would call a problem, and I am ultimately going to see, right? What do they think is, is the, um, is the issue, right? What do they think is the, is the cause the issue, the, the, the, the, and ultimately the solution, and I'm gonna give you an example in a second, and I'm going to see if, can any of those things, can I show that my solution, what my solution fixes, um, can actually be the root cause of what it is that the marketplace is dealing with? Let, let me give you an example.

Hopefully that'll, this will, this'll make sense. So let's take, for example, the unique mechanism. I want you guys, right? Like I said, intimate group. It's like family.

It's a fireside chat. We're about to wrap up the family barbecue in another five minutes here. So bear with me. I'm gonna put you to work for a second. I want you to think about, I want you guys to be, you are part of the E five marketing team alongside of myself and, and Paul, and I say to you, guys, I want you to think about the unique mechanism for a second, right?

What does the unique mechanism do, right? Everybody should know. Now, the unique mechanism, it's the, it's the way that we differentiate. We, it's, it gives a point of meaningful differentiation, and it ultimately shows prospects what is not only different, but what is superior about our, um, our solution, right? And, and in the process, it gives the prospect hope and excitement that they can experience the transformation, because our unique mechanism is something that they haven't tried before, experienced before, done before, right?

And so ultimately what we're talking about is d dealing with differentiation, different, differentiating your solution from others. What are some of the issues, problems, symptoms that the marketplace entrepreneurs, online entrepreneurs could be having that or are having that could be linked to a lack of differentiation, even if they don't realize it, even if they're unaware of it. Meaning, what problems are the marketplace having? What, what's a problem? An example of a problem that the marketplace is having that they think is because of some other reason?

And we could show that it's really due to a lack of differentiation. Somebody give an idea, somebody pop it into the chat. What problem, what issue, right? What frustration could an online marketer or entrepreneur be having right now today that, um, that we could link to and demonstrate differentiation is the issue. Microbiome is causing depression.

While that is true, Nick, um, okay. Lack of creativity. Okay? Let's, for for time purposes, let me take lack of, let's take, um, traffic is too expensive, right? Like, my traffic is too expensive.

I can't afford, I can't afford to, you know, traffic, it's just too expensive for what it, what it takes for me to, you know, to get a visitor is too expensive, right? Like, you could, you could have that, right? Um, and they think that their problem is that the, you know, traffic is too expensive, or they might think that their, their ad creative, you know, their, their copywriting skills, uh, are weak, uh, on that side, or, or that they've gotta set up the platform better, that they're using the wrong pixel or something like that, right? But we could show that it's none of those things that's really at the root. It's the, the problem is, is that they're appearing the same.

There is zero differentiation in their message, in their product, in their solution, in their mechanism, and therefore they're appearing as more of the same. And that's why their traffic costs are sky high. Doesn't matter if they, they could use the right pixel, they could get better at writing copy, but if they're still marketing and presenting the same exact thing or what feels like the same exact thing, they're gonna continue to deal with the, um, the same problem of expensive traffic you could take, I don't get lot, I, I, I get, uh, a low level of clicks on my ads, right? And therefore I need, I need to figure out, I need to learn how to write better ads. Same exact argument I could make that it's not better copywriting skills that you need.

It's not right writing better ads. It's the fact that you don't have any meaningful point of, of differentiation. You, I could have the fact that, right? Like, well, my sales conversion rates are low, like no one's buying, right? No, no one's buying.

Maybe I need I, and you know, I need to switch from a long form sales letter to A VSL, or I need to go from a VSL to a webinar. I need to change my model, or I need to, right? Like, I need to find a better model. The model isn't the problem. The problem is that you're not, you have no point of meaningful differentiation.

And it doesn't, whether if, if you've got something that appears to be the same and there's no meaningful point of differentiation, doesn't matter whether you present it in a VSL long form, you know, sales letter on a webinar, on a launch after a quiz, doesn't matter, right? You're, what you're presenting, what has the appearance of, of the, of, of the same, right? Like, and our, we, we get low, low take rates on our upsells, right? And, you know, like, and so our, our A OV is, is is in the toilet. I gotta learn how to, how to craft, you know, uh, better upsell offers, right?

Well, we could also make the case that if you don't know how to, if you don't know about the unique mechanism, then you're ineffective at differentiating what the upsell offer is from everybody else's. And boom, my point in sharing this with you, right? Like, you know, we're, we're sending out emails and nobody's, nobody's buying from our emails. Our email stinks. Maybe it's email deliverability, maybe it's the format of our emails.

Maybe it's our subject lines. Maybe it's the email copy, or maybe, you know what, it's none of those things. And it's the fact that you've got no meaningful point of differentiation. And dare I, I would say that when you've got a meaningful point of differentiation, you could get away with weaker subject lines, weaker email copy, right? And even weaker deliverability and still do well, right?

Like, you see, the point is, is that right? That's an, and that's an example of one of one thing, right? Of one. We're just talking about the unique, the unique mechanism. Here, you could make a similar argument for the big idea, right?

And that's also why you're, you have a low click-through rate on ads. That's why your traffic is expensive. That's why your conversion rate is low, right? That's why your bounce rate on your VSL is sky high. That's why your checkouts are low on, on your order form, all that tied to, you've got a weak idea.

And that weak idea is impacting engagement, you know, attention, engagement and ultimately, um, conversions, right? And so you could become a copywriting wizard, but if you don't know how to engineer big ideas that your marketplace finds wildly captivating, you're going to continue to struggle. And so the, the, the point is, is that right? That's that you see how like I am going to look at what are the market, what's the, what are the problems that the marketplace is having? What do they believe is their problem?

And can I show that that's not, excuse me, that's not the problem. That there's a deeper underlying problem. And that deeper underlying problem is something that my solution solves. Can I show that, right? And can I, and, and can I present an argument?

And the last thing that I'm gonna say about that, and then we'll take the last question and we'll, we'll wrap is right. You know, Paul, Paul had said something at towards the beginning of the, of the call, of the session. Uh, I remember exactly what he said, but I'm gonna echo it in, in saying that I look for the strongest argument. Like, in other words, I'm not, I'm not gonna pick, uh, you know, I'm not gonna pick something like, all right, I can show them that there's a deeper underlying issue going on here and show them how my solution can solve that. If it's a, if it's a fragile argument.

Like if I don't believe in the argument, if I don't feel I can make a rock solid, airtight logical and emotional argument, like a powerful argument, I'm not, I'm, I'm gonna keep looking, I'm gonna keep researching. 'cause I'm looking for the most solid argument that I can put together. That's how, like, I can put together a rock solid, airtight logical and emotional argument that like, that leads prospects to believe what we need them to believe the thesis. That's where I'm going. And I'm always gonna look for the, the argument that I believe we can present best.

And so with that, so Paul, I'm gonna throw this one to you from John, this will be the last question for the night, and then we'll wrap. Isn't the avatar, customer avatar, audience avatar and the big marketing idea, the strongest leverage points, please advise? Well, I'm not sure what he means by leverage points. Um, meaning are those the two big like things that you have to have nailed in order for a campaign to convert? Uh, is, um, is that the question?

Like, are those the two? Yeah, I would think that that's the, uh, and if we're wrong on that, John, definitely let us know, but I would think that that's really what's being conveyed in the, in the question isn't, you know, you could, to say it another way, right? Isn't the, I guess, nailing the avatar and the big marketing idea, the biggest needle movers with, you know, with a, with a, with a campaign, I would say to answer that, if that's the question that's being asked there, like, look, it, it goes without saying that. In other words, everything else in a campaign is easier to maneuver. Um, well, look, I would certainly say, uh, I would certainly say, John, that you know, you, it, it certainly the be the better you know, the audience, the, the, the better you understand your audience, the easier everything else is gonna, is gonna be become, right?

And the less you know about your audience, the harder everything is, and the less likely you are to be successful. Because how can you nail what it is that your prospect needs to hear if you don't know what they need to hear, right? If you don't know what makes them tick, if you don't know what they're afraid of, what they're attracted to, what they want more of, what they want less of, right? What, what they consider to be a great solution, what they consider to be a weak solution, the outcome that they want, uh, and why they want that outcome, and what's the current situation, you know, and, and all the symptoms and all the negatives and all the pain points that they're dealing with now, like the less of that stuff that, you know, the more luck you're gonna have to have at your side in order to make your, your campaign work. And so it goes without saying that that is foundational as it relates to, you know, the, a big marketing idea, a big marketing idea is not always necessary, right?

Depending on the stage of the, uh, of the audience, uh, certainly also depends on the front end and the back end. Um, right. In, in a business where, you know, you over deliver value on the front end, you really don't need big marketing ideas on the back end. You, um, you know, when you build enough trust by delivering the goods on the front end, you know, you don't need big ideas on the back end. Big ideas are really a tactic that, uh, is, is is most valuable on the, um, on the front end.

I would say that like, look, you know, certainly knowing the, knowing the avatar, I would say, um, uh, the unique mechanism, right, obviously is to me is it's the single most valuable. Uh, I, I mean, uh, I couldn't even imagine attempting to market today in the majority of markets, certainly the ones that are competitive, uh, without a unique mechanism. And so the quality of the unique mechanism, the depth of your understanding of the unique mechanism and how truly superior the, the unique mechanism is, meaning, you know, how much easier it is to use or get the results from how fast it works, um, and how unique it really is compared to, um, other mechanisms. And then the offer. And, you know, like, have you put together a legit like no-brainer offer where your prospect, um, says like, you know, uh, why wouldn't I do this?

Right? And I think that that's where, you know, even we sometimes get the laziest where, right? Like, you know, we, we hear irresistible no-brainer, right? Offer, and then we go with what is today become almost the norm, right? Like, that's again, why you gotta keep your finger on the pulse of the market.

Because at one point, you know, having, at one point having a guarantee online was like, holy cow, this is unbelievable. These guys offer a guarantee, we're definitely going with them, right? And today that's, you know, everybody and their brother in the direct response space has that. So I would say, right, avatar, unique mechanism and offer anything that you would add to that, Paul. Oh, that's, that's how I would answer it.

All right, beautiful. There you go, gang. That's all. She wrote a solid 90 ish minutes for you. For me, it breezes by like, I always, I feel like I could do these things for like, uh, uh, for hours.

And I, I, you know, I, I love it. And, uh, and so it's an honor to get to, you know, for both Paul and I to get to guide you, to get, to teach you guys to get to play a small part in your entrepreneurial journey. Like I said, I would encourage every one of you, um, if you haven't gone through the entire stage five bootcamp, go through it, go through, I would recommend that you go through it more than once. Um, take notes, um, ponder it. Um, think about it and most important, implement it.

And any questions that you've got as you're doing that, you can post in the E five Nation Facebook group. We are here for you. And of course, uh, both Paul and I would love to get your, um, your case study when you, uh, when you're hitting it outta the park. Yep. And so there you go, gang, everybody, uh, from Paul and I have a great night.

Take care, talk soon. God bless all.
