---
title: "Q2 Bullets 2023-04-06 16:00:01"
date: 2023-04-06
duration: 1h 25m
duration_seconds: 5143
vimeo_id: 815411327
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Q2 Bullets 2023-04-06 16:00:01

**Date:** 2023-04-06 | **Duration:** 1h 25m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up gang? Has been in. happy how are you? Did you had home Teddy or you heading home today? I'm home now.

Yes. this morning nice. Okay flight home. Yeah. Okay here.

And John, how are you? I'm good. Good. Are you guys? Doing good doing good as Todd's getting ready to join.

Um, are you guys, you know, Teddy and John I know talked about this or you guys ready. I kind of want to start with getting some debrief and stuff from you you guys kind of prepared. I think so. Yeah. Okay.

Good morning TV. What's up guys? How are you? Good. How are you?

Superman I'm super strange to come back from Vegas Vegas let alone an AI Summit and actually for me to be incredibly fired up but I am I'm absolutely I've been thinking about this and I'll sitting down for the last 48 hours non-stop, so Well, Amy Damien before you jump in. I just want to make note. I think this is a monument. I think this is probably the first time I think I've ever seen this happen, but nobody's wearing any top one gear. So this I think it's a fur this means something.

Um, and so Todd I sent you a text. Did you get it? Yes, I texted you back. I'm sorry my my computer and all that stuff is still out of sync. Okay, is that okay?

Well for you, yeah, I said fine. Yeah. Okay great. So first of all before we even start I want to you know, I usually don't ask this I'm gonna do this myself to like really Phone, you know, I have one sick child in the house. But other than that phones off other tabs closed slack clothes all that other nonsense, you know, I want everybody to be super present because I really feel like This is a historic moment for us as a company as direct response marketers and I really feel like you know, we need to be a hundred percent full-on focused in here make sense.

Um, and I can't as you're about to see I know that that John and Teddy I'm gonna turn to them in just a second. I cannot underestimate and again you guys all know me. I I am proud all the time of my iPhone 6 that I'm 10 Generations behind. I'm the least arguable at least techy guy in our whole company and I could tell you full on that. There's never been anything like this and it's It cannot be overstated.

I don't think it's possible to overstate how much is going to change and starting specifically with our businesses and our Industries because of the type of work we do and so what I want to do is I really want to spend the first probably 20 to 30 minutes just doing a full debrief. I'm gonna go last I'd like to start with Teddy and John. And then I'll share my part and then I want to turn it over to what was Chris actually had a chance to catch up with Chris a little bit and kind of share some stuff from the summit and really allow them to you know, and especially Todd again since I already had a chance to talk with Chris a little bit to kind of pepper us with questions and the goal really being to understand like what really is changing both in the market as well as markets in the whole. What are the opportunities what? He's on ah, no longer will exist what opportunities are new that can be creative.

And how does that align with you know, who we are, you know who we are what we have, you know, probably close to almost 70 80 years of expertise in between all five of us here in the direct response world. And so I want to start with either Teddy or John whoever's ready. I want to really just kind of start with number one just from a high level the overall impact of the experience being immersed in what's happening in AI specifically from a direct response standpoint. And then I really want you to get to number one what you feel like is changing in terms of our world our Marketplace and then last where you see, you know, again the question I asked you which is you know, if Todd and I were going on vacation for the next six months and couldn't be reached and you had this the ship the wheel with the ship where you would say man. This is where we have to go like this is things are changing.

This is where we have to go. So John, David what do you like to start first Hey listen here. If you want me in real Damian real quick. Can you just be aware of the time? I have a hard stop like a hard hard stop at one because I have John Benson the web the live stream at 115.

So just make sure that you're aware of that. Okay? All right. All right. Yeah.

So for I agree with everything Damon said I do fundamentally view this as a Titanic shift in the marketplace, you know, the the way was presented at the event for Todd and Chris. It wasn't weren't there is like look you basically now have a 10,000 person team that cost you nothing and we'll do everything you needed to do Where Are You Gonna point that team? Are you gonna point it and ant hill like the I am world or you're gonna point it at health wealth something something huge right and and what I what I would you know, get some speaking this except a very set to To John and Damian a little bit but like like just grasp the concept of of this grasp the concept of the fact that this technology is able to and we'll get to the point where two things number one what I've always said, right Dynamic hyper personalized individual funnels created on the fly with an offer and and deliverable created just for that person right where we don't write the copy. We don't write the emails. We don't create the offer.

We don't create the product that the person's buying like as long as information-based product. Not a physical product in the real world like that is coming without a doubt probably within the next 12 to 24 months that said what I also think is coming and what was like my big aha was just this idea of a Like the AI creates the entire company, right? Like you tell it I want to go into this Niche it comes up with the with the plan of how to how to attack that Niche how it would go into it. It determines what needs to happen step by step. It creates details plans for each of those steps.

It figures out what employees are needed. It creates those employees as little mini AI employees that it then manages checks their work manages their project plan executes the plan treks the results creates like just does the entire thing. So, you know if we have that kind of power, How the hell do we want to use it? And so, you know, the biggest thing for us right now will be what do we say? No to moving forward and you know, where do we want to take our skill sets and and go play because there's There's nothing else preventing us.

There's nothing preventing us anymore for playing in any Market that we know and we don't have to know anything about the market like because the great content for the market, you know, and like I was telling John yesterday and I think I've mentioned this before but like for me it's like like I would start with baby moms. Why because they got an 18 year window of stuff that their kids are gonna need and frankly that they're gonna need right? It's just like it's just so much stuff. You could sell that one particular Avatar. Service, I think that's my my high level rant.

Okay. Yes that and I'm just so you know for for Todd and Chris. I I've put all that John and Teddy. into a coherent not that it's not coherent Teddy but like a very specific action plan and an assessment that I'll share in a minute, but John you want to kind of just share from up from yeah that's high level which is a couple of things for me and first and foremost that it's the immediacy. Is that there's there's short-term opportunity right now that we can capitalize on and like they should capitalize on but there's also to be mindful that that things like Chachi bteen everything else just using things like that to like, I know I did the workshop last week to create video scripts and that was great and everything else, but just using it for that.

Is crazy I mean because it's that's just a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of the fraction of what it can actually do. So it's like the analogy that was used at the presentation is bringing a tank to blow an until and we need to think bigger and we need to think bigger. Pretty quickly. The second thing will be is that they're short-term opportunity and I don't expect. Like I wouldn't expect MFA to be just blown up and move into something else.

It's like I don't expect that happen, and that should be happening but short-term opportunity. We need to be leveraging it for ourselves and for clients and for everything else absolutely, but then long-term using this using all of the what AI has to offer to go into markets where we can Finally, like Leverage all of our strengths and all of our qualities and wait, it's not just selling to automarketers. Yeah. And you know to put it another way that and it's something that I'll share as well that and help, you know, taking a tank to an anthill. Um, you know what he said, which is speaks deeply to me is he said, you know the biggest mistake right now you can make is just going too small like that is the the mistake and so I kind of prepared about a thought this would be about five minutes longer.

So as I thought deeply deeply about this and so Are Hollow one second, I'm just close that out. Sorry. Um, all right. So what was interesting first of all, you know, it's my first time at a parabella for event. I thought it was pretty solid good teacher Rambles on a little bit but otherwise was fantastic super sure obviously brilliant entrepreneur, um, you know, we had about three to 400 people there and it was amazing because we haven't done an MFA live and five six years and other than top one.

I mean, I don't leave the house for our events, but I saw a lot of people there I saw obviously, you know, we have James and Philippe from active top one. We had Rogers and Swarovski or inactive top one. I saw Travis Houston was there and says hello Todd had a great conversation. Super nice. We had a great time.

So Mike Marcus hi cutter was there on two people who are applying to top one Karen Smith and a guy named Mark Todd who put up the pause and on that shifted businesses on George Shepherd who we just did the interviews were there John lindbacher former e five guy and was funny was even when I got there. I was just in the hallway waiting to get top Teddy and John and I started with this guy a little bit and I was like, hey, you know, I work with Todd Brown, you know this business partner CEO and he goes, oh, he goes actually I just read the E5 book. He goes. I just recently read it. And so our tribe the point I'm making here.

Is that our tribe was there like this is our Market. These are our people our tribe and really like sitting there. Like I can't I know that we've all been consuming this in drips and drabs, but there was something about being there for two days nine hours of sessions and being surrounded by people that are just all dialoguing about what this means. That was just so massively impactful in the first thing is the skills and our number one the skills needed to do marketing and copy have changed forever. Right, so we are a training.

We've been a training and education company and the skills needed to do marketing copy. First of all have have forever changed immediately. They've already changed it's not their going to change they will continue changing but they forever changed as of now. Um, the second thing is the necessity and desire to learn those skills has been largely eliminated. Sitting in that room and hearing the examples and hearing at this awkward.

Infancy State how AI can be used. Um the idea of you know, the the people that are going to want to learn desire to learn how to you know, learn the skills. It's largely to come unnecessary. If not completely undesirable, especially when you hear what can be done how it can be done. Um, and then realizing that this is only the first generation and so everything is advancing insanely insanely fast, you know, Perry said at the front and it wasn't a sales line, he was like Hey, we're having the fall, you know having the fall AI Summit in Orlando you guys should go by then everything that you learned today is gonna be out date.

Like that's how fast this stuff is advancing and everything is costing little to free. I mean other than like one code-based platform. Everything is like the premium stuff is like 200 bucks but most stuff is either free two dollars ten dollars a month. So it's called something it immediately. I'm massive erosion in all pricing models when you talk about Solutions compared to the traditional thousand dollar.

$600 course $2,000 course and the examples you started to give and I could give a lot of he gave a lot of case study examples about complete Industries whether it's coders like 80% of coders vanish gone. They're they're no longer in existence are you know models are gone, like all sorts of different types of people and roles and skills are no longer needed but he gave this example and he said like look you can go to AI now and say hey, do you know who you know, I forgot who used whether example of Eugene Schwartz or somebody was like Hey, you know, I want, you know, here's my product. I want you to write me 10 bullets in the style of Eugene Schwartz, right? I want you to go here. I want you to write a lead in the style of Gary Halbert.

Here's my product. Here's my stuff right go there right? You can actually bring it copy and say Hey, you know, here's my copy. You know, what would what would David Ogle will be say about this? Give me give me five suggestions and it literally goes from everything that's known every written piece every work.

Every teaching goes and goes here's what David and then you could say. Hey, I really like suggestions one and five. Can you make those changes for me? Sure. And so like the sound effects Damien.

Boom, right it changes everything and so overall the trend is absolutely against education. Um and Teddy I'm just gonna turn to you and John for a second because I know that's a strong statement, but would you agree that a hundred percent in the IM space that the trend is against education? Yes, I I would agree 100% And I just want to kind of just contextualize hang on one second. So I just want to throw this out there. But even though you guys just came back.

I vehemently disagree with that statement. I would say what's changed there will always be the need for how to your information. It's what is being taught as the how to right like another words here. Okay. Hang on hang on you guys just got back three of you from a three day how to educational event.

So it's not that it's not that how to people will always need to know how to it's just what they will need to know how to has changed. I will just say though that how to was the little white the what could be done was the big thing totally agree. Totally agree. Just wanted to throw that out that that's not that how to will always be in existence. But what the how to like you don't need to know how to write copy, but you certainly need to know how to use AI to get it to write copy or somebody does so they're so again, I don't I don't want to start you can pepper and Hammer us and jump off the top rope.

Once like let me just get this all out. The thing the two things that are really important is number one the speed of which the speed and the ease of which AI is advancing. The amount of how to is radically shrinking so like, you know, it was like Hey, you need this prompt set that there's gonna be a time where you're just gonna turn on the ought not like years. I'm talking probably months where you'll just be able to talk to the AI and say I have a product. How do you think I should sell it?

How much should I sell it for it the amount of how to that's going to be needed to use AI is headed to zero. Um, not only that but the amount that people are willing to the amount that's needed and the value or the amount of money that people willing to spend because you can use AI to learn how to use AI. You can literally go to Ai and say hey, I'm writing a thing. I want to create an avatar. What's a good prompt set that you can create for me to create an AI will teach you how to use Ai and so Um, you know, what?

Parrot, you know, one of the things I thought was very interesting and I know other guys have done this but here in this from Perry, he said like he's moving every course. He's every day ever made if men made more than six months ago all onto YouTube all free because it's more it's more valuable just to have engagement and stuff like that and not to try to play the the course game and so, you know, like we've already been seeing obviously in our market we've seen gravitation away from education towards done for you. um that's been for a while and now um done for you. What we're gonna see is that premium pricing is going to be starting to deteriorate now granted they'll be they'll be Insurance big Insurance places and stuff like that. But in the I am space with people having access to these tools and knowing the things and knowing Ai and even RPA which we'll talk about a little bit later robotic.

Process automation stuff like the premium pricing. I believe the days of hey, it's twenty thousand dollars to build a funnel thirty thousand $10,000 for those days are Vanishing. If not ever they're already gone on and where the the vapors are just still in the air. And so really the the Crux of what I want to kind of share before I get into what I see is the opportunities is that like we've always said for a long time and you've heard this before right like that the you know, hey, you know the money and the goal and the Gold Rush was in selling the shovels, right? It wasn't in digging for the gold.

It was selling for the it was selling the shovels and the thing that's changed is that you know, that is changed dramatically because now the shovels can do literally the work of a thousand people and the shovels are almost free and so it's no longer at the time of selling shovels is gone like that opportunity is Because you have the opportunity to do again you have an army of 10,000 people that will do your bidding. and moreover when you look at that, it's It's realizing that. It's no longer the time right with the Army that's available. It's no longer the time to teach people to build their other businesses their their businesses. It's time to build our business.

It's no longer right to sit there and say Hey, you know, we're gonna try to figure out how to get Joe Schmo and blah blah to be in the tennis Niche and be this and we're gonna you know, try to sell them $49 a month 297 a month and teach them in a quick them. When an army of 10,000 people to build a niche. It's like no the opportunity is to build our business, right? If we think that the tennis thing then we should build the tennis thing if we think that you know, baby moms is the way that we should build that thing. Um, And so here's here's what I see and I'll kind of get into my assessment.

You're one of the things that that Perry said that was particularly exciting and Teddy were we able to get those recordings? yes, I did order order the recordings and there's a There is a good document by the way that has a link to all the slides and all the resources and and all that. Sure I update I mean, I'll share that which one okay. Um, yeah, and I strongly recommend. I know it's a lot but if you got it, you know, if you take out lunch breaks and only listen to Perry because honestly other than his one business partner on the on the program side, I didn't think the other guys for that valuable.

Um, I would I would I would consume it in immersion. I wouldn't concern it consume it in 16, I would consume it in like let it literally soak into your brain and shift your thinking and so here's what I feel number one again, the the space of teaching AI well stuff is gonna pop off again the the amount of stuff that's needed and the value behind it. I think it's extremely small even honestly, you know, I was very excited before this about. Hey, we should do an E5 a AI That's huge. I think that's a very very small opportunity.

with a small window So opportunity to capitalize on they're absolutely is an opportunity and short term. Maybe it is part of a short-term strategy. But again, you know Back to what he said and I know I know it might sound like all that's just something great to say from the stage, but really recognizing how much we can create now. I'm gonna explain that in just a second and what we can do, you know what Perry started to talk about was and I thought you'd be excited about this top. He's like one of the best opportunities is in the newsletter business.

He's like literally building lists having cross-pollinating lists and Perry didn't say this from the stage, but I picked up on it because he was like, oh, you know, we have our gardening list and then he was like, oh by the way, we have a sewing list and I was like dude, he's he's creating connected niches where a lot of women that so like gardening a lot of women that Garden also like home bake recipes. Um, but you could do everything like he talked about it from building an entire expert who doesn't exist. You can have an expert you can build our biography build their point of view build their voice and then say and you could take the best content in the world and say hey here's to articles I want, you know, you know talk you know, Bob drown is my new expert to rewrite these in the voice of you know by trown and like it'll create everything on and so it's really an opportunity. You know, it's something that's hot and I you and I have talked about for years and we preach to top one clients where we were like, well, you know, the Agora model, you know, the reason Agora can do what they do is because you know, right they have to have a staff of you know, dozens and dozens of copyrighters and they could put out a hundred offers a year. We can now be a Gore.

We have the ability to put out content. Sales, like the amount of speed that's available as insane. And so really where I feel like the the opportunities for us to do it. I think certainly we could build AI Solutions implementing or integrating our specific methodologies and then either Equity basis on a per fee basis say we're going to install these into your business and run these things. But again, I think that's a very I think that's a that's an ant hill opportunity based on what we can do where I really feel like we need to play as you know, we have you know, you know our 10,000 Plus hours into Rec response is not focusing on a product but focusing on a space whether it's baby.

Mom 40 plus year old men taking what we know and building everything out from an AI perspective. Um to create just a massive massive business leveraging both our expertise as individuals our methodologies and then the AI tools that now make things possible that are not possible again. I can go in in depth of different examples of what can be done but even Todd you and I obviously we got our start in the SAS business with no coat with both chat GPT writing code as well as no code. We can go into a space and we can say you know, he gave these examples about Zero code is a site where we can or bubble where we can go in and say hey, you know, what? What's a great app trello's awesome.

Well, dude. Is there a Trello for pool cleaners? No, We can go there boom, like download a complete Trello customize it for pool cleaners and then we could sell it or we could use it for lead generation. We could literally have multiple SAS applications that would have take us hundreds of thousands of dollars and months and months and months to build out like like that. Um, Or we can do what Neil Pitts Neil Patel has done which is you know, he has hey you want to you know need more traffic.

I'll do a full assessment reporting and he has built AI that assesses their site and he does it for and then he says hey you want your download send me your email on the next pages that says by the way, do you want me to actually implement this for you? Like there's just enormous opportunities and right now what we're seeing and I'll kind of end with this and then open it up to to you. I'm sure you have a million questions and things you want to say, which is that there's this this because technology is accelerating. So so insanely fast what we're seeing is that things not everything's accelerating at the same pace. So if you go to like New York City to Middle America the Central America to tagana, there is literally gonna be Humanity living in different errors of time and that and relevance to us.

That's how it is in markets and niches. So inside of our world of I am the people who go to right or tribe who go to a Perry Belcher conference. There's this acceleration of speed that's like this but it's not going to reach these outside Fields, right the type of niches where you and I Todd scratch are heading though, dude. These guys don't even know what it exit pop is like they don't even know what a bump off or it's like these guys. If I told them what a lead is they don't know what a lead is they don't communicate with their list those niches AI is not gonna reach them.

There's a short window before AI reaches them and there's an opportunity again. This is no longer. I believe this deepest. I don't like change. I don't like technology but it is what it is.

I believe this with absolute conviction that it's no longer the time to teach other people to build their businesses. It's time to build ours. and so that was my takeaway. Um, and so I'm sure you have a lot a lot of questions a lot of things to say and a lot of thoughts and all that and so Okay, um. So I want to so I do I was taking some notes.

So I have a bunch of questions. And so as always right, I'm Gonna Keep it I'm Gonna Keep It Real so I want to get into specifics and move away from the theoretical and the right because I don't think that uh I don't think that there was anything shared that I didn't already know and really recognized maybe with the some of the how-to information kind of stuff. Um, but and so I do want to get into some specifics like when Teddy says, you know, you can now have a 1000 people doing you know with AI, you know x y z for you I really want to get into specifics in terms of what couldn't we do before with people or what did we choose not to do before because it was so labor-intensive that we wanted to do that we could or would do now with AI so I want to come back to that that kind of stuff but before we do, but before we do, I've got some general general questions that are more. Um, I'm just curious of your perspective your beat you teddy John and you Damian and so in no particular order, so When do you think the masses the masses of people not the online marketers not the imers, but the masses of people will be not just comfortable using AI chat gbt, but they'll be using it the same way. Let's say people are using Google maybe not as you know, not as not as ubiquitous as Google, but when when do you believe the masses will be using AI?

okay 25 so you so okay John. What about you? I'm curious. I mean like there to some degree. It's already being used by the masses.

I mean, they have millions upon millions of users. They don't have billions yet, but they have millions of users. Yeah, but in terms of the average everyday people like it's an everyday thing like like a Facebook. Yeah, it's gonna stay 80 20 Todd like, you know, a 20 80 20 will apply and that hang on that's a significant to recognize that though is significant if what you're saying Teddy and I I could be totally flipping it and getting it wrong if what you're saying is that 20% of the population of society will be using it in 80 and and reaping right in 80% will be dabbling or know a little bit about it. That's a that's that's an important thing to know I think and here's here's what I think there was one line that Perry said which is which is, you know, even coming out of Perry's mouth was a little like hard to believe but it makes complete sense right like Walmart announced yesterday that by 2026 62% of his stores will not have any employees.

Which will then lead to so many people being laid off so quickly that we'll have to move to Universal basic income for those people to frequently survive. That was not. Said there that they're estimating that and that's just the first wave based on chat GPT, but three would be a little implications to chat gpt4 and Todd something I want to add on to that is this I wasn't even this is just like conversation that's happening not because I'm trying to find it but I within this last week, I've had Alex's sister who reached out and she was talking about chat gbt writing stuff for her work. I talked to Josh yesterday didn't even bring it up and Josh was like, yeah, you know, I'm having chat GPT. Basically, he's in the real estate space Not only is he using it but he's saying he can now put in the address.

It pulls up the address and writes right to description just by putting in the address. He was in a cardio ownership. He said this to me yesterday. He said I was in a car dealership and I heard this old lady. Listen this old.

Oh, he said old lady. He said old lady working at the car dealership talking about chat GPT and how she's using chat GPT to write descriptions for all. Cars now, so she doesn't need to go in and write the description. She just says hey, it's a Ford F-150 right a killer description and boom and so I say that just to say, you know, it's I'm not even looking for it and and almost everybody that I know and people that are, you know are not only using it but they're talking about other people using it in. Right, you know obviously a lot of different niches.

I mean check GP is just it's just a fraction of what's coming. I mean like it's that's just a And language to write 90. Yeah what I think look I was just curious right because you know, the the answer to the question is really just pure opinion, right? I was just curious of what it is that you guys were were thinking and so but I want to move on to like I said, I got I want to cover some general questions and then if we have time to start to get into some specifics, I don't think that we'll have a huge amount of time to get into specifics today, but certainly looking forward to that. So, um, so the question of right like I know Damien that you know, you could do right this as Gary Halbert, right?

This is David Ogilvy rewrite it with humor. I want you to write blah blah model this like you could you can do all all of that. Um was is there any I don't even know how to phrase the question is there any You know Chris, you said it can write a killer description. And certainly we're moving towards these things writing killer descriptions, but I would say that the output from Chachi BT right now. I would question killer.

Really? Did you really stop smoking thing? I mean, have you seen anybody yet that have you seen anybody yet, or have have you heard of anybody yet? That is cranked out copy with chat GPT that has become a control or that is beat a control. That's exactly that's exactly what Belcher said.

He I mean Todd we've been here just slow down so that note that we're not arguing this. I'm just throwing it out. Hang on relative. Listen. I'm not anti AI I was the one that said go and answer quick answer.

Yes. Yeah, yeah one. Yes. We do have a control. That's the AI wrote copy.

Meaning what who's control for Pete and Zuli. He's running a video ad right now. That's 95% of it was done by chat gbt and it's speaking his other controls and And Todd to Flint McLaughlin over at Mech Labs. You know, I've been talking Ben eyes one of my best friends and so he sent me over a video that Flint did and obviously through prompts and he had to clean it up. So I'm not saying it's again 1995 percent was chat GPT, but he was able to beat his his in-house copywriters based on the chat.

Yeah, like looking for in all fairness, right? So I'm not I'm again. I am on I'm on the side of success, so don't don't mistake anything. Right? Like I'm on we're on the same team and so but right I I certainly and I'm not saying that this applies to anybody.

You know, I'm just making an observation here. That's certainly I believe the chat GPT can probably can outperform see a sea level copywriter. That's for sure. Right? So it's not I don't mean that it can be anyone's copy right that that's not what I'm saying.

But what I'm saying is the idea of like, you know, do you believe Dam? That you know that really I guess the question would be do you believe that the days of hiring a copywriter to write copy for you our number? Absolutely. No, so you don't you you believe that that in the near future like copywriters will be out of out the good copyrighters will lose to Chachi BT a majority of well, there are are okay. So here here's my question.

Right? Let me get one example real quick. So, you know, I don't you don't need to give an example. I believe like I you know, I I Belcher said he's like I'm now using he goes, I now go to Chachi PT and I tell Chachi PT. I want you to write this email in the voice of Perry Belcher and Jackie PT beats his own copy on email.

So he'll send out a choppy TV written as Harry Belcher. It beats the one that he writes on his own. That sounds a little a little crazy but nevertheless and so here's that doesn't make them all obsolete. It'll leave a small small group of them that are using it to speed up the process. Okay, and the other thing too is if we're not marketing and marketers anymore.

It doesn't the copy doesn't have to be great. Right, right. Okay percent and it'll still be better. So what's out there? But again, yes you BT just to do copy is bringing a tank in until Right.

So if so, here's the the big question that I'm that I'm curious about. So if all of the it basically it sounds like Marketing, let's call it. Can we can we? Can we phrase it as effective marketing which encompasses copy and a lot of things? will soon be commoditized meaning it where it was where before?

Certain people had Elite level skills certain people at b and c and d and some had none right and left. It was an infield. It's right. And so where does the competitive Advantage come from? It comes from knowing how to use those Commodities, right?

So knowing how to How to peruse correct right but again on the author's office with also but to I can't this is I know was high level but I can't emphasize. It's probably the most valuable thing I can share and I think honestly everybody and you need to get is that it's like there's now an atomic weapon that you can shoot and blow up a castle and we're like dude you can take over any country and we're like, well, we're gonna teach lessons on how to use Thomas. No. No, that's not what I'm saying at all that that's not the operating on that's not what I'm alluding to what I'm alluding to is what you're saying. Is that is that right?

I just want to be crystal clear that right that that weapon that Atomic weapon is now in everyone's hands. Yeah. Yes and it's gonna be right another words, right? So another words right? It's not the atomic weapon.

That is the advantage right? You're you're now saying it's not it's knowing how to use the atomic weapon and it's not that it's not the prompts. It's the very it's what you put in as the variables to the prompts. The prompts will be commoditized knowing how to write prompts is irrelevant. What you put well even I mean look Benson Benson is already moving to Benson's thing was not it was prompt list.

It was no prompt what he showed me. But again like get like just even get out of the world of copyrighting right? Like like I give like we were talking about this at the show, right? Like the Chili Peppers Could all die in a plane tomorrow their music will live on and they will be creating new albums. Yeah, but so much that's So that's my my point though right like that if today right?

It's it's almost like take mind. You know Journey. What's it called mind your what's a mid Journey? What's it called during the mid Journey mid journey, and so take mid Journey, which is now commoditized art if you will or artistic ability, right like now right because now like now everybody can be an artist and so in a good idea you mean dude ideas are like that's you're it's just gonna flood the Market's gonna get flooded with right like look dude a good idea is all relative because a good idea to you is not necessarily a good idea a good idea for a movie to you might not be a good idea for a movie to me and and vice versa right question is how great ideas before was execution. Now that problem is gone.

Yes. So where does the advantage where does the advantage come from? I'll tell you where the advantage comes from for a good for short time not. ever it's the fact that We have marketing and business building understanding to know how and where to point the weapon but okay you'll be so they'll be a time when you'll be able to go to chat EPT and chat gpl2 you'll say yeah, you have an aov issue. By the way, you should increase your Bump off or by the way, you should do this, but there's a time and a window there's a land grab so to speak to go in and create an advantage that can remain yours just like when you know, right if we hypothetically if we decided anybody do can create a Trello for pool cleaner dinner, but if we get out and we get 10,000 users on it and their information is there and there's a pain of Disconnect and we have a brand and we have a follow we have those people engage then it doesn't matter it can six months.

Everybody can do exactly what we're doing. Yeah. So like take the take the well, so take the moms thing right you or the the men so the men over 40, let's just say right the men over 40 either right? And so you said Damian right like that go into You know men over 40 or go into you know moms, whatever. And and do what that can't be duplicated by everybody and their brother.

Um right now because we are at the vortex of the of the DM world. There's a window whether that window is six months a year two years is their window to do things so that we get in advantage and we gain ground that can't just be stolen away when people everybody in their grandmother can just talk to the AI and to have want to start a baby mom business put up a bunch of offers create a list and create an option page and set up my Facebook ads and so it's leveraging our expertise and the speed and power that's now available. Um, To to basically go out there and say hey, you know what? We're gonna build the we're gonna teach AI to do things our way. and then we're gonna replicate it and this see this is but hang on but sell to sell them what Um, it could be to sell them information.

It could be to sell them software or it could be simply to build like this is what Perry was saying with these newsletter Acquisitions that have happened is just to build the eyes is to be able to say hey man, if you could have a list of a hundred thousand or half a million or a million people that regularly open read consumer emails and you have the psycho data to know and say hey these people respond to this this and this, um, you have an extremely lucrative and highly sellable business and sell them. What do they? What are you both man? Oh, they're all subniches that will lead to health and wealth all first eventually so but it's still ultimately my question that I'm trying to get to is at the core. Are you still ultimately providing information?

Yes, and no, I think there's one model where you are, right? Like we certainly could say, hey, we're gonna do 40 plus men. We should have a couple ebooks. We should have a course the moms. What what the moms it would be for everything on Amazon.

Do the mom's Buy? Right it so there the model that he spoke about is he explained a site called paved where now like all these even big corporate companies are buying for inventory of email newsletter list stuff like that. So it doesn't necessarily need to be I would I would make an initially selling products in court selling courses and stuff like that because it's something we're most familiar with but ultimately the value is in building a web. That's so big that interconnects lists. And that is so prolific in its creation that you control a demographic right?

You're like man dude we get a thousand baby moms every single day from Paid median organic. We have a list we get 10,000 clicks a day. We have the data like you're building any even like about forget about that for second talks. They know that might be a little for the point is like we always talk about process right like man, we're gonna get cross. This is what breaks processes is people.

So now if you said hey every single Monday, I want this newsletter go. I know I I got that I I got it. I know I got it. Hold on but the next step. Can I chime in person?

One second. John is after that. It's built right we nail that right for baby mom's health. You could then duplicate that and do baby moms Fitness. Literally you could take everything that we perfected but here's the question that the question that I'm trying to get to I get that like and I I get it right I get it and even right before you you left right?

I understand like now you don't need an expert in a particular Marketplace. We've got the expert out there, but the right we've got the expert like we so we can go into Finance we can go into baby moms. We could go into men and men over 40, um, right and and do all that but my question is so can everybody else now not right where hold on they can right now but most of my questions, hang on so no. No, so my question is what I'm not seeing what I what I don't understand like I get that. Okay, we could go into Baby, baby moms the baby mom stuff, right, but now write the the skill sets that were needed before to go into the niche or the marketplace of baby moms, which kept it, um, you know kept it tight, right?

There's kept people out has now been commoditized. So now now everybody in their brother can go into that same Marketplace. I'm so where where does the competitive Advantage come from? The competitive Advantage comes from the speed of implementing Ai and there's good and get it. What was that Terry?

Yeah first mover and it's the first mover like once you're it's like hey, dude, we have not only the 40 plus men's but we have seven of the list so that when we get one leader multiplies to seven we have relationships with all the other people that buy listed right all that stuff is in place so that when somebody else comes in the economics and everything else is so radically tilted Stuff but it's the speed of implementing. It is a it is a really comes down to if you think back something that's not really discussed is early investors. They're there were no smarter than other people they were just early. Early investors in Facebook that killed it early investors and Uber to kill this they weren't that they were early. And that's they they took advantage of the opportunity.

We've been opportunity to be early now. And and really with what early what because they're a lot hang on because just right there are people that were early investments in Investments and got killed. Well, absolutely, right? You just John be using one that turned out. Well so early in what?

Yeah that like look hang on I get so this is where right I'm looking at the you know, the the so Damian are you trying to say that there's there there is new. There are new tools that and now the use of those tools have taken some markets from before being not viable for us to build a successful business to now these tools have made those markets viable and have given us an opportunity meaning right because you're talking about opportunities that to me are now potentially more competitive than they were before. Now you're you're missing it. I think you're missing it. I mean it could become more good but it's yeah because in other words like look dude going baby Mama's now everybody can go into baby mothers, whereas before not everybody will because not everybody knows how big and what could be done in that like look there's okay.

Let's say there's four hundred thousand marketers. There was 400 in the room dude. There's 400 people that it's it was the same as like TNC it felt the first TNC like there's a Rubin people that sort of get it and then it just TNC 10 years to get the 6,000 people to show up from the 600 that were there the first time like it's gonna be the same trajectory. Like there's gonna be a core group of us that know how to do this that know how to monetize this but yeah, like Perry made Perry made, you know, he's over probably already in baby mama cuz he's he's in all those types of niches because he he sees that but I'm just saying like, where are the biggest markets that we could go tap into like that seems to be the smartest path forward. And it the advantage but Damian, hang on Damien.

How does that change the question that we've been asking all along because right for lack of a better for lack of a better, um explanation right based on what Teddy said haven't we said that all along like even prior to AI Haven't we said that all along like what's the best Market to be in that we would be jacked to be in and Jazz to be in like right so change it changes a couple things. It changes. First of all the urgency of speed meaning the speed to go in and take these all-powerful tools and establish land and I know you're saying well anybody can get the land but there are smart ways right when you get users hooked into a platform when you have a pain of Disconnect when you have human generated content combined with computer, right the story of math Quest versus Google Maps MapQuest had complete Monopoly, but they never created use a data as soon as Google came along their users created data and they crushed MapQuest right? There are windows of opportunity to go deep and grab a demographic right now that never exists. So grab a demographic doing what Take the demographic of men over folding building a loyal herd of.

Engaged eyes whether we point those eyes at our products other people's products or we just sell the space. We sell the eyes. It's engaged. It's using Ai and our marketing skills to engage a to to rally and engage her right? Um, that's what it is.

That's the opportunity. I'm in our whole business is either buying eyeballs or selling eyeballs at the end of the day. and so does that make sense? No. Okay.

No, so I don't so tell me give me a specific like I want give me okay specific like give me a specific. Give me a specific example. like men over 40 Right so specific like if you said to me, hey, Damian, dude, just tell me like tell give me an example Damian of what now men over 40 like what you would do now. So I would start with one aspect of things that men over 40 like you know, whether it's Health Fitness investment. I would then build out a let's just call it a Model A model for the way we're going to generate leads a model for the way we're going to communicate with those leads a model for the way.

We're going to distribute offers what offers we're gonna create for ourselves. What offers we're going to create for somebody else. I would build that out. I would go into that Niche and then as soon as I saw that the model had viability as we Define it, I would definitely on stop stop because you're it's the part that you're leaving out the parts that you're leaving out that you're brushing over that of the parts that I really want to okay want to understand you said going into the niche. I would go into the niche.

What does that mean? So you might go into the village do what going to the next so let's say it was men's retirement. Right? I would figure out what would be extremely desirable whether it was content based whether it was SAS based. And I would build both a Content strategy driven by AI as well as a paid strategy that could leverage a volume of content a variety of content SAS and other solutions that we could not create before that would take us forever so that we literally could drive lead volume super high and cost very very, okay.

So here's where you're losing me. What I don't understand is that the start and I don't mean to be combative, but I keep looking at the time just because I got a jump soon for this thing. And and I I want to meet Headway and it doesn't look like I'm gonna I'm gonna get there and so I appreciate you guys bearing with me, but at the beginning we talked about how almost, you know, you guys right. The first thing that I said was about how to information right like in formation it almost sounds like what you're saying that you said at the beginning that kind of how to win for Mission a lot of how to win. Nation is being commoditized and you don't even need to learn it because of AI but now what you're presenting sounds like a very heavy content-based strategy.

Let me let me let me separate that how to information in terms of how to Market and use and in the IM space. I'm not talking about how in any space people are right? I don't know. I think we're far away from the time. So how to do marketing is what you were talking about not how to win for information.

Correct, but what's to stop though? But why is it only right? Why do you why why do you feel that? It's only how to do marketing? Why can't like I I've seen I've seen stuff about AI eliminating virtual personal trainers because now you can go to Chachi VT and do I'm a five foot six hundred eighty five pound twelve percent.

I don't want to gain this much muscle give me a program and it'll design a program for you. And so my question there is right why it are do you are you not and that's why I was really asking about the adoption by the masses how long before the masses are going to Chachi EBT for the bulk of there how to information for cooking for whatever, um for you know, diagnosing a condition because then where does content play a role what what becomes beautiful is right with like chat? To API which is just obviously one little microscopic thing is what we could then build AI as part of our content. So hypothetically right if we had a newsletter for men rather than someone right. There's going to be enormous value and opportunity rather than going to the ugly chat GPT saying like oh, yeah, I have my you know, durian Yates personal assistant personal AI guy here.

He is. He's free you can use them you could talk to him and he'll tell you every day what to do. That is the opportunity versus go to the raw ugly interface, but hang on. So let's take the Doreen Yates, right? I go to Dorian the Dorian for you guys, right a big professional body builder greatest.

Oh, you know go enter. Yeah cool. I don't have to go to ugly Chachi VT. I don't have to learn that. I just go there.

I asked him a question cool. And now we've got this database and this file of men interested in health and wellness and right and and all that. What do we sell them? I mean it could I think are you saying we could sell them whatever physical product supplements, you know Amazon stuff. Yeah and not information and we also sell the eyes to other people.

Right Chevrolet Bank of America, right because it's a time and I'm saying we don't even have to figure out what to sell them. I'm saying we'll let the AI figure out what to sell Todd versus what the cell Teddy versus what the sodium versus what the signature Like what what he was saying is he hang on before you go on Damien Teddy is the AI there like the a that's really Damian when I said I want to understand the specific stuff right up. If I said if I said go go through the entire ClickBank Marketplace categorize all these off first and then figure out based on Teddy's interaction with the email what links he's clicked on what what you see on his Facebook profile that he likes on the Fly another words like right now on the Fly we could set that up to be done. I believe it is technically possible. Yes.

Okay, and so like what that's where the robotic process automation stuff comes in. What what like what parents said John English RPA? Okay don't like what Perry Belcher specifically said he's doing now. He's like I'll send a list to my conservatives survival man. He goes, I don't care if it's a Amazon spoon that I get 12 cents on he goes.

I'll send emails and content out with 13 links in them. But every time somebody clicks I immediately learned something about what they're interested in and then I have the AI say, okay. Well now send them a $300 cooking set. Okay. So stop for one second.

Got it. I got it. Okay. Got it. So the how do we and this might be a question for Teddy?

So how do we learn the the How do we learn how he's doing that down to the okay. So what what email platform is he using? How does it track the The Click? Where is that information about each individual stored? How does it get used?

Like, how do we turn this theoretical stuff into practical? Right? So we know what's involved in setting up an AI driven Marketing System like this. Like, how do we go to the specifics? That's I mean that's it's gonna take playing we're gonna have that.

Well, we can start with reverse engineering his properties. okay, you know like Damien, that's the the you know, like the that okay, so I mean if you're at if you're asking go ahead, I'm sorry I cut you off. No, no you go ahead and then I have just one more question. And then I mean if you're asking me as an entrepreneur, I would think about hey, what's a group of people I would be passionate about talking to for the next five to ten years and then I would pay Perry one day for 25k. I would take our team there and I would get every answer we needed and I would go build it.

so, um what I I still I I still I want to I want to talk more. Um about is the the um is understanding the the business model. I I still just don't I don't understand how like, I understand how AI are equips us to do things like in Mass repet, you know repetitively that we couldn't do before at a fraction of but I don't what I don't understand is why it is changing like why it's taking a business model like you because you you named a business model or you you explain to business model. Let's get an audience and then cross pollinate and sell the names to and what I don't understand is why has that business model become such an exciting thing now because of AI when it 4 it's because the proliferation of content meaning that you can create more content so both for an engagement standpoint as well as a getting lead organic standpoint. You can now create such a huge imprint right?

We could put out articles every single day, but don't you think hang on but don't you think that that one part that part of it's content based and that's the part dude that the internet is now going to get flooded with you know, like what is gonna happen now do this content is gonna be everywhere. He's everywhere. It's not just that right. It's the combination of that. It's then the combination of being able to create more offers faster and and also have the intelligence to serve other outside offers more targeted and better in a way that you could have before.

I mean look at us like hey, dude, we have one affiliate off for a month that we could find that the right as opposed to having access to tons and tons of offers both our own and other people's offers and having the intelligence to know who to show what And it just it's a different. It's a different game. It's just a different. It's a different game and it's a different opportunity and the opportunity is to get the engagement. It's to get the loyal right?

Why is the Opera? Hang on? Why is the opportunity to get the engagement? Why is AI made getting engagement the opportunity? Because attention is the only thing that matters anymore but attention is always been the only thing that matters.

Oh So now you have the opportunity to get more attention because you put out more content that grabs his attention, but it's more than just it's more than just content. It's it's every right and so look, let me end on this. I know you need to jump. I don't want to start thinking about like hey six months from now, we're all gonna make money because Chevrolet is buying email drops for their pickup trucks to our list of 40 plus men. Like that's a right.

It can all start with exactly what the models we've always talked about. Hey, we're gonna do an offline newsletter for moms. Fine, that's the offer but leveraging it with AI is going to create a speed and a replication that did not exist before that. I understand right that I understand. That's the that's the opportunity that gets us fed and gets us out of a shrinking market and and Shifting the trend to something that like literally can be kicking off money in three to six months.

I know you're gonna think I'm not but that's that's and then down the road again. It's like anything right? Like well, what do you do? We have an app for people that make kittens. Well, dude kids use it 50,000 times a day and they log in 100,000 dude.

It's that's all sell. It's all there's an endless ways to monetize those things once you build it. But it also it does start. I would start it with what we know and know and like and we're familiar with right. We have a newsletter for Mom once about Fitness one's about health one's about finances one's about baby training.

Hey, you bought this newsletter buy that newsletter by that newsletter by that newsletter, but at the same time we're doing it at a speed a rate and a proliferation that was not possible before. Okay, that's starting to to make a little bit more sense to me or become a little bit more clear to me. I think you know, there's definitely you know, there's a level of frustration for me in not seeing it yet. Like not having the clarity that you guys have. Um, and so I I do I I want to understand and so Damian maybe um, I got this John thing now and I'll text you at some point later and maybe we'll jump back on zoom and Teddy if anybody else is available and you guys want to jump on you're certainly more to more than free to jump on but I want to continue to to Really under understand and if there's something that any one of you want to share that you didn't get the opportunity to share to really help me get clarity to really kind of see what you see shoot me an audio and send it over and slack.

Yeah, okay. All right. All right. All right. I'm gonna jump I'll leave you guys if you want to continue chatting.

Uh, I'll leave you guys to it. That's your second Petty and John and Chris the letter TV. Um, so so was I yeah. Thoughts on job was I clear? No, I don't think any of us were clear.

Ly big and it's hard to distill down in an hour because I mean I know all of us have been talking about Ai and Teddy. I mean we talked about it like two three years ago. I remember on you know, and obviously this last year but we're talking about a lot of a lot of big giant Concepts it with the problem is it's the biggest thing that we've ever experienced as far as a shift in society that we've none of us have ever experienced. I think naturally we're gonna try and shrink it down and it's so much bigger than what we're thinking and I think we're all we all realize that but it's very hard to put that into words how big of an opportunity it's like it's beyond what we're even thinking now and I know we're not even tapping into even even when we you know, when we're thinking about how big it possibly could be. That's still probably still an ant hill in comparison what you said what you just said.

Chris is profound. You should write that in or have trap TPT writer for you in two to three sentences and posted in the leader Channel because that that puts more words to the way I feel where it's like. Well what specific do there is no specific. It's I think the thing that we didn't mention which I think we're all kind of alluding to which is our right now our past on AI careful that I is a right now, there's an opportunity to build a massive entity around a newsletter that we can then sell to a big Media company or firm and for ourselves for profit, right? And I think the other thing that you know, just on a subconscious level, you know, I I'm gonna admit that it's hit me as well.

Right, but I'm I'm sure some really caught it might even hit harder is just this idea of just grappling with this idea that well you've spent the past 20 years becoming a master at is no longer relevant. That forces you to question your identity and what freaking value you're able to provide now. right It's a very human thing. Right. I mean it what you just said.

Teddy is is spot on I mean think about you know, obviously that you know, that's one specific example, but for all of us, I mean, this is I mean, we just briefly in passing just mention. Oh, yeah potentially 300,000 jobs. Oh, yeah, by the way Walmart is saying in the next two to three years like I mean, the implications of this is it's so massive and it's never we've never seen anything in human history like this meaning we can't say as a kid. Oh, it reminds me the story of what happened 100 years ago. It's like it's bigger than us finding fire.

Like this. Is it this is this is and this is I was talking to a friend last night the best way I could describe this is this will be Bigger than the then the invention of the internet itself, but with the exception being that the invention and the adoption the internet was very slow. Right? It was like butter. Hey, I got a picture of a friend and it takes 15 minutes to download and then like three years later.

It only took three minutes to download. It's gonna be as big if not bigger and more impactful in terms of the internet changing every business everything we do but the speed is gonna be Breakneck compared to the internet which really wasn't that useful for like five years or even 10 years. Honestly. It was just sort of a novelty like dude I chat with you know, random girls. I haven't met like that was the application of the internet like my space, you know, it was nonsense.

It was it was you know, and so let me actually question Teddy and John, um, Chris you can I like what you shared and you should share that is what do you what do you feel like would be a good next step to help because I feel like me the three of us like see it like, okay, we don't have all the answers, but we see See the planet that's been obliterated and we see where there's a new Galaxy and like let's go in that direction and we don't need all the teeth. What do you feel like the best thing to do to help get to Define what it is that we actually want to get from this because it's like, oh we can do all it is simple. What do we want? Do we want to make it craft ton of money? Do we want to is there a certain specific thing we want to do?

We need to Define what that is. And at least we're all in the same page of what we want and then we need to figure out okay with all of the capability that we have with AI. Is it are we going down the newsletter roof? Is that the roof? We're going to go down.

Or are we going to go down the software route or what are we going to do? And then we need to start just go down like take action on that. But until we figure out what we want. It's like oh everyone's kind of unclear. What what can be done.

So let's let's be honest. Look, I mean, I think that there are certainly a you know, I said this in the room and I thought about this over program, but there are opportunities to go like two we're gonna be amazing if we could be the guys to figure out how to have pizza show up the people's doors when he just think about pizza like somebody's gonna do that. I don't think that's us and at least for right now. Like as an entrepreneur and I said this to Chris yesterday. I'm not I'm not Richard Branson.

I'm not thinking about how to change the world as an entrepreneur. I still need to put food on the table as do I think everybody on this call and so it's figuring out the the expertise and the insights we have and how we leverage those AI with AI to build a wildly lucrative business. Yeah. Yeah, right I think wildly lucrative is the important part like and I'm just gonna be blunt and honest as I've always been right like Look, we've been down this road together for 10 years. I was hoping that we would be at a point where I wouldn't ever have to worry about money anymore.

And we're not you Teddy Teddy you and me both right now. I know I'm so I I know it's a mutual feeling right? So I just that that is the end goal that we're going to build something that lets us finally freaking exit at whatever. We you know, the way I look at I got 10 15 good years left like I got to make something happen in those 10 or 15. We got to talk about your life life expectancy chart there, but I won't be done soon calls at 65.

Oh, I thought you met 10 or 15 years before he died Teddy. Oh no, that's where yeah. No. No, I I think that this is really I mean, I I agree I mean and that's that's certainly the the dream in the past is to build something and maybe some of us Sunset and the other ones. Uh inherited and or we all Sunset like yeah, that's the goal is right.

I'm not here and that's why I like I know that Todd is in the trenches but like it is no longer time to build other people's businesses and teach it it is like the the art that the Matrix Arsenal has been open. We're not we're not doing training classes anymore. It's time for us to put the gear on and decide. What the heck we're like if we really believe we got what it takes. What the heck we're gonna just take over period Damien this reminds me I don't know if you remember this.

This was probably like 11 years ago, right? I mean again echoing what Teddy said right I'm with you. I've been with you guys for 10 years, right and we've been pushing pushing pushing at for this again. The dream of even what you're saying Teddy like, you know, I'm thinking the same thing like how well, you know, I want to eventually be able to retire one day right? All those things which is great.

But when we when you and I talked about 10 11 years ago, we were in my apartment in Jacksonville, Florida and you and I were dreaming big bro, like it was Big Time dreaming. Like could you imagine like you made a comment? You said throw away your resume you throw away your right and you are thinking big we have an opportunity now to jump in just like what John said right to be early adopters to jump and we have the tools we have to know how that is what sets us apart. Number one the fact that we even are early adopters meaning we're looking at it. We're having this conversation about it, right?

And so I I think there's a Huge potential not. I mean it's really up to us whether we're going to jump in and do it. So that's number one. Number two for for Todd. I think one you said this from the get-go Damian you said we've all kind of realized there's a Galaxy so I think step one is for I don't know what the answer how to how to how to communicate that but we need to communicate so that Todd sees the Galaxy number one because number two on that step is getting us into a room.

I I think there I think there'd be an immense value of us. I don't know if it's getting us into a room devoting two days three day whatever it is. I don't think this is one of those things where it's just like, oh well just come up with an idea and then we'll jump on them one hour call and figure out some the solution. This is bigger than what we're even thinking now our our thinking on it needs to evolve and we I think it requires us getting into a room when we know. There's a Galaxy there.

I think being on the same page knowing there's a Galaxy and And really sitting down and really peeling this thing back because I have a feeling that whatever we're thinking now in two in two years. We're gonna look back into like, oh man. We were thinking so small. That's why I promise. That's what we're gonna think we were thinking so small.

If only we would have spent more time thinking about this this so you you secretly at the event because you're talking about you're talking our language. so yeah, I feel like this is now becoming that thing they call, you know groupthink when you get four people that agree you put them in a room together and they come up with an even more extreme Nobody But even seriously Damien like like me John and for the people who had dinner and drinks last night and like the level of where that conversation kept going and how it kept getting bigger and it was and when we thought it was a bigger, Like it was insane like yeah. No and look. I think that I like I agree. I mean, I think there's all sorts of transformative.

Things that maybe we will be a part of but in the imminent. Future which the future has gotten shorter and shorter as time is speeding up at Breakneck speed like for the next 12 months. Like I think that that's that's right. It's to figure out right people are still going to be people. They're still gonna need things whether those things change from physical Goods to information to SAS to little things to put in their arms and make them robotic.

Like people are going to you know, and the people who have access to the eyes are the people that are gonna have Right. That's the new rule. That's the real estate. It's what's always been the real estate internet except now there's an opportunity it never existed before I just don't know how to Communicate that in a way that time gets it I don't know. I don't know if I should draw a map of what I would build.

I don't know like but it's like that it's the power of Speed and then replication like, you know, it's like like I said, you know, you create one vertical and say hey man, you know, we'll figure out the 40 plus men fitness model. We have a product we have vendors. We have the email that I know. That's okay. We'll replicate it to six more imprints for 40 plus men.

But then it's like we'll take that whole thing and replicate it to 40 plus year old women. And then take it again and replicate it to 20 year old black men. Hey, I hate doing this I jump back into the call I jump jump. You know what I'm saying? It's it's like once we can build the the this thing I think part of the big thinking I think is in the replication of it.

You know at least at least at this stage like yeah, are there bigger cooler things that we can do that build a newsletter list with all the AI That's being unleash absolutely. But that's I don't think for right now while we're all trying to figure out retirement. I don't think that's the path to money the path to money is to take the expertise we have and leverage these insanely powerful tools to to make a lot of money to do something big. on and so what do you think, you know knowing Todd better than all of us? What is it going to take?

What does he need to? Hear or feel for him to come see it. I mean honestly, I I wish I really wish she was at the event. Because I think it would have expanded it. Right it really is almost like a mind expansion thing.

It's not like this Tactical. You know. It really I mean your mindset guy said I mean does it not feel like it's more of a mindset thing than an accident. That's why I go to events and we were talking about this. Yes.

Yeah. It was it's it wasn't what was it wasn't what was in the slide decks and it's not gonna be it's in the recording it was Feeling the sense of what was happening. and all the ideas that was that were being spurred and how quickly it was coming and how You know, you know either both how few people knew about it. But yeah, the people that were in that room, you know half of them we know our super talented people that could do big things with it, right like so so what I'm gonna do you just gave me an idea Teddy because it it is like there was something that happened in in the room right like something it honestly it reminds me. I mean, it's just not weird.

It reminds me of the the spiritual experience like a certain Church things. I've been to where it's like, okay like yeah, everybody had the same Bible verses I can give you the notes, but there's something about being there where like you're immersed and you're surrounded by it with other people and you walk out and go like dude. I see things differently. Like I see things I didn't see before and right now that's the thing. It's like he wasn't there.

He wasn't a nurse which I get, you know, um, And so it was it's almost like it's just it wasn't one thing. It was everything stacking on top that just kept pushing the like the eyes open and pushing the Mind open and going like oh this isn't about life. Well, what are we gonna sell them? Like, it's just they're such tiny tiny questions. right And so I the idea that I have and you tell me if you guys think it'll good is good, and I could say I'll send it to you first.

is what if I made a little just one slide of before and after why for example, the newsletter model has changed. Yeah, like a flow chart and then we can add on that together. and make sure dealing with Todd and say this is how the opportunities changed. You know. Yeah, that makes sense, Teddy.

Yeah, makes sense. I'm just yeah, I'm just trying to you know, because it sounded like he has sounded like he had a fundamental because all we're saying in certain ways is the the biggest highest leverage lowest hanging fruit. Use right now is massive content generation, right? That's the easiest quickest thing that we could turn everything on tomorrow just cranking out articles and blog posts and microsites and whatever right on any topic that we want. What what is farther away is what I'm talking about the whole, you know, dynamically personalized one-to-one offer created on the Fly thing, right and You know and like I think my typical tendency would be like, alright.

Well, let me go build that platform and put click funnels out of business, but that's not what I want to do anymore. I rather build that platform and just put other people that are going after the same niches me a business right like what we're talking. Like I want that technology for us. I don't even want so so let me I'm gonna I'm it's coming to me. I'm gonna I'm gonna try to put this into a picture.

And then do you you guys you know, I know I know Todd best but you guys also have a unique, you know, well and you also have a different perspective because you're you're more objective probably than I am with certain things. Um, do you feel like it'd be more helpful to to show it as I'm saying it out loud, I think showing it to him on a meeting would be helpful rather than just posting an image up that you can just not have a conversation with terrible showing at a meeting but I'm talking through which would be better, right? Okay. All right, so I'm gonna work on that this afternoon, okay. Cool.

You guys did a great job. I'm very I'm very I'm very excited that you guys get it you see it and we'll we'll get the captain to to we'll open his mind Matrix style and we'll get them to to see see what we're seeing. And yeah look and and here's what I do know about him. And this will be the challenge right is he ain't gonna be excited about baby moms, right like he's excited about helping entrepreneurs build businesses. And if we're saying now that that's going to fundamentally change then getting so out of bed and excited every morning.

It's gonna be a challenge. Yeah, very very fair point, but I think that the to a certain extent there's we can afford a little bit of luxury because the opportunities are so based to at least pick something we would be excited about if it's 40 plus men. If it's Christian husbands if it's something right all those markets are huge enough and deep enough and wide enough, you know, maybe maybe moms is you know, 20% better but if all of us like dude, I haven't had babies in the house for you know, seven years and nobody's having babies anytime soon. And that's just too far out of something. We'd be excited to like look at content images every day and all then that's fine.

Then let's pick something that we would be, you know bearded men, you know, I I honestly like even though that I only take that baby mind image because the size of it but like when I was sitting in the airport last night, And just looking around and like literally just looking at people in the airport. I was like, none of these people have any clue what the f**** going on and but there's a real feeling knowing that but there was a lot of kids there and I was like, like, how are these kids? What are these kids gonna grow up like like what there's gonna be so much there's so much there already devoid of in terms of knowledge and experience and you know, the Legacy, you know stuff that like all that stuff keeps seems to be keep being evaporated right almost my son babe barely had a high school career very due to covid and everything else and so like yeah, so there was that there was a spark of passion there of if I could go after baby moms to help the kids and so that we don't raise another generation of just zombies that don't know how to do anything but use chat GB to everything and look that's the same thing. I mean, I think the same thing can be done through 40 plus year old man, right like who shakes the children the fathers right? It's Father's or in every society like mothers.

Obviously, you're super important, but it's right as the father goes. So goes the family the father's a drunk alcohol a terrible right family goes to garbage if the wife is like that it's bad. But if the Father Strong the family makes it you know, so I think there's so baby bombs and dating. Yeah, we're just get fathers in their dating and build them up. And I said you get fathers when they're dating and build them up to be good good men that can take care of their family and not screw it up.

and and build wealth and and then you get moms on the other end and then and then we build a big dating service for all right moms and started careful that I AI right. That's what that was. The that was the the original application of caracals.ai. Um got a good origin story there. All right.

Let me get to work on this great job. I'm excited very very excited. And I will talk to you guys.
