---
title: "Script Shoot Share - Live 2023-03-28 17:56:48"
date: 2023-03-28
duration: 2h 26m
duration_seconds: 8784
vimeo_id: 812589640
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Script Shoot Share - Live 2023-03-28 17:56:48

**Date:** 2023-03-28 | **Duration:** 2h 26m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello. Hello everybody. We will be getting shorty in the next couple of minutes. I'm very excited that you're here. Welcome Darien.

Welcome Elon welcome. I think Elon that's a young Grand block. That's past so welcome Pat and welcome Martin, welcome Scott and it's gonna be someone who's joining us as well. So obviously we're gonna have people on light and we're gonna have people in the watching the recording as well when the recording should be out in the next couple of days for anybody and that is wondering as well. So you're all very welcome.

Just want to make sure that you can you can see me. Okay, and that you can hear me coming true love and clear. Just let me know in the chat that you can Aid that you can see me. Okay and be that you can actually hear me coming true loud and clear. If somebody wants to let me know.

I'll chat is disabled. Okay, but I'm but that's okay, but in the Q&amp;A, but people can hear me during can you hear me? Yeah. Brilliant. Okay.

Well, we'll be getting started very shortly. We're going to give it another couple minutes. I'm so excited to share this with you descriptions here Workshop. I've been working on for the longest time and I cannot wait to share with you. I'm pretty confident.

It's going to blow you guys away and be blow you guys away in a way that's some in a way that's gonna allow you to start leveraging AI to start creating client getting videos literally in minutes where the bulk of the work is pretty much done for you and I'm gonna be sharing my process from start to finish and this is stuff that I've been extremely passionate about past few past couple of months and and driving into this in the past couple months and I cannot wait to share with you. We have a lot to go through we could be running anywhere from two to three hours today. So if you can attend the full thing that's fine. There will be recording is going out but I have a lot to share with you and it's gonna be a lot of fun. It's gonna be super exciting and I know that you're gonna get at home for it, so I'm just going to wait for oh, thanks Darian.

Yeah, if you if you were on the YouTube ads Workshop a part of what we're gonna cover today is you're gonna be a little bit familiar with till you go be familiar with the concept. So essentially what I've done is I've taken the concepts for the YouTube ads training and I've trained AI, you know in order to be able to produce the creatives that we talked about in YouTube ads training and then when we get the actual campaign set up things side of things a little bit further on we're going to be covering how we can streamline that process as well. So if you if you enjoyed YouTube ads training you're gonna absolutely love this as well because it's just gonna make everything so much easier here, so that's fantastic and thanks for the feedback there. And if for anybody else has just joining you very very welcome. We have the note taker we have someone's note takers in place fair enough.

I guess. That's okay. We have lean Martinson. Welcome Lee. We have Linden.

Like I said, we've met in Scott and Darian as well. We have Colin welcome Colin. Just let me just while we're waiting. We're gonna give another mineral soul and I'll take things off. I know obviously not everybody can attend live and people will be getting to recordings which is fine.

But if you wear attending life just make sure that you can see me okay, and you can hear me hear me coming out loud and clear as well coming true. So we'll get going in just a couple of more a couple of moments now, I like to start on time. So it's gonna give it another couple of minutes and we will kick things off. I'm going to share my screen. So this just this Workshop is going to be a combination of me talking to you on camera me sharing my screen and going through a presentation and also me in chat gbt and in various For creating videos and editing software and everything else in between doing it all live and showing you how it's all done.

And I'm also going to if we if if the technology works, I'm actually going to show you that this whole process done live as well with my phone. So I'm going to record a video on my phone and that that is going to show you the whole process as well. So from start to finish we're gonna get everything covered. So it looks like we're just a minute past our start time. So I'm going to kick things off.

So I'm gonna start by again welcoming everybody. I am so excited to share this with you. This is the scripture share life Workshop where I'm sharing how you can use Ai and Chachi BT to create client getting videos in minutes. And this is no joke. This is brand new information and now is the opportunity to capitalize on that.

So I'm gonna share my screen and we're going to kick things off. So just let me pull up my screen here. And there we go. Just going to close out of this. Right.

So like I said, my name is John mullery and I'm from the E5 agency, which is top brown sister company. And today we're going to be covering wanting and wanting only how perfect Persona prompting Chachi BT and AI creates client getting videos in minutes. But this information is hot after press. This is brand new. This is Cutting Edge.

And this is going to change how you use video and use Ai and use Marketing in your business forever. And that's that's a big big claim but trust me. This is the case. This AI is here and AI is here to stay and now is the time to capitalize on it while we're still on that adoption curve that adoption curve is rising and Rising every single day, but now is the time to to start adopting AI into your business and as you're about to see it makes marketing your business so much easier and it does what I'm calling leveling the player feel the playing field for everybody from marketers coaches Consultants experts taught leaders everybody in between write down to the short marketer right down to the the business owner who doesn't have time to Market your business. They're gonna be able to leverage AI in a way that's just gonna change how you do things forever, and I'm so excited to share everything with you.

So what we're going to be covering is There's six parts to this training and we're going to go through each part in detail. The first part is scripting videos with Chachi BT and perfect Persona prompting. Second part number two is shooting these videos with minimal effort and I'm going to show you three specific ways. You can do this and my personal favorite and then we're actually gonna have examples of each as well part. Number three is simplified video editing with editing with the D all metaded.

And again, I'm going to show you tree a very easy ways that you can utilize this part number four is I'm gonna go through a an advertising strategy that is quite possibly the most part of cost-effective traffic campaign that you're likely ignoring a part number five is advertising architecture and optimizing YouTube ads and impact number six is the do's and don'ts the tips and tricks the resources some some resources and some Q&amp;A is as well now for anybody that's attended my YouTube ads Workshop in the past. This is going to the part for and part five. components of that are going to be very familiar to you and getting a Getting a nearly like a recap and another foundation in that again is just going to serve you even more when we're when it comes to actually scripting the videos the Frameworks that I use and the Frameworks that I teach in YouTube ads magic are essentially the Frameworks that I've trained Chachi BT and AI on how to adapt and how to create but I've done it in a unique in a very specific way that I'm going to be sharing with you but I think you're going to love because it just it just takes the work out of it. It just minimizes the work to pretty much zero. I mean some of the feedback that I got from the workshop was that everybody loved that absolutely love the workshop, but they they struggle when it came to actually creating the videos they struggle when I came to like sitting in front of the camera and actually skirt or sitting down and actually scripting out their videos, even though the framework map that out for you with AI we no longer have to worry about having to script out the videos because we can get AI and I've trained and I Ai and how to actually do it.

So that's what we're going to be covering. So those that are six parts and I am so so excited. So, let's Dive Right In let's not even I'm not even going with any more of your time part one script your videos. So part number one is scripting your videos with Chachi BT and perfect Persona prompting. So I mentioned that I feel like AI what it's going to do is just gonna level the playing field for absolutely everybody because in the past like marketers or people who are a massive foundation in marketing and had like massive chops in direct response marketing principles had an unfair advantage against the business owner to entrepreneur the expert total leader who doesn't have that Foundation who doesn't have that level of expertise because all other things being equal he who markets themselves better than you advertises himself better generally win at this game and what AI is doing not perfectly but we're getting there is leveling the clear playing field so that all people will have a Level Playing Field when it comes to marketing shops and marketing medicine.

Obviously, you'll never be the elite level. It'll take some time to get there. But all other things being equal all this changes the game. This is a game changer AI is a game changer so much. So I am going to a week-long conference next week on AI got to do with nothing but Ai and marketing and digital marketing and everything else because it's such a game changer.

I'm pouring myself into this because I know I see it akin to when the internet first started when things like email marketing first came out now is the golden opportunity now is the gold rush to cast our capitalizing on this and that's what my goal is for this presentation is to show you how you can start capitalizing this and show you why usually utilizing AI in your business really is leveling the playing field. And how we're going to be doing this is we're too from open AI called jatgy BT. Now. I'm sure there's lots of people I'm here and lots of people are gonna be watching the recording after that are familiar with Chachi BT and chatgy BT is just one of the AI tools that is changing the game for digital marketing for for online advertising and so much more for copywriting for messaging for absolutely everything. It's changing the game and I'm sure there's people on here that have used Chachi BT and have played around with check gbt and I've started to get some good results with actually BT but I'm gonna share you my specific framework that I've been using that just changes the game completely.

Now, there are other ways. There are other people you utilizing chat you see to produce crazy crazy good results and that's fantastic. I'm gonna share with you my specific method which is perfect Persona prompting and utilizing chat gbt in the way. I think it it wants to be utilized because it's not perfect. It is absolutely not perfect.

There's like what what typical people do is they go? To Chachi BT and they would start typing in give me 10 headlines. Give me 10 emails. Give me 10 subject lines for this write me an ad for this do this for me. And and it's like the results you get are.

Okay the results you get are are mediocre but the results are not as good as they could be and I'm going to share my framework that pretty much unlocks the the cheat codes if you will for chat gbt and it allows you to take something that isn't perfect but makes it a hell of a lot better than it is if you just utilize it like straight out of the box now, In saying that as we're going to be going through some examples and we are going to go through some very very specific examples Chachi BT itself is still not perfect. And when you start to utilize the the Frameworks I give you there will be times where you need to tweak things. There will be times where you need to challenge chat gbt, you need to train it a little bit more if if your offers a little bit more Nuance then say anything just in the health wealth and relationships type offers so and but don't worry. That's okay because the more you feed chatibility the more you train and teach it the stronger and better it becomes I want you to start thinking as chat gbt as the artist working employee in your business and there are two for anybody who's not familiar. There are there are two parts to chat to be teachers two levels.

There's catchy BT which is the free the free version order. Is this the paid version which is Chachi BT plus now, as of right as of this training to chat GB plus is just 20 dollars a month. I would recommend everybody sign up for church. G+ because again, like I said, it's going to be the hardest working person or person artificial person in your business, they will work tirelessly for you and for $20 a month. I just think it's a no-brainer and there's gonna be a lot of features in in the future that comes out.

I think we're just scratching the surface but right now is for $20 a month. You can get unlimited access to chat gbt with no, no kind of No, no shutdown. If you're using the free method if there's too many people using it once it's like it's done in the first come first serve basis, but if you have the plus version you get access to access access to it all the time now. What I'm going to be walking you through today is perfect Persona prompting and my advertising architecture. Would you combine those two things exactly how I'm going to show you and it equals chat GPT magic and that's just that's basically the easiest way I can describe it.

And before we go into it, I just want to bring things back to what I see is the hierarchy of profit and digital marketing in online advertising and everything else in between now for anybody who's on a YouTube ads Workshop. This will be familiar to you guys, but I'm restating it in a way that's powerful in terms of Chachi PT and AI today. So everything in our Market starts with your Market everything in your mind in your everything got to do with you marketing and advertising your business success see online everything starts with your prospect everything starts with your target market your target audience. The people that you're trying to serve the people that you're trying to help the people that you're trying to, you know, move away from pain or move towards pleasure. Whatever the case may be it all starts with your audience, and I I think The most part we understand it and once we understand that our Market is the most important part the next most important components as I see it is are your offer and the economics of your offer.

So I mean like the better you're offer is the stronger you're offer is the more your offer is what Todd calls a sin offer is superior irresistible and a no-brainer offer. The better your offer is the better everything else is and the better the economics of your offer is is in the more the more that you can spend to acquire a customer the better the overall processes. So the higher you can get your aov is on your offer and the lower you can get your CPA on your offer the better but after offer an economics then comes messaging and then comes like messaging and creative and then after that as things like your campaign structure and the actual, you know media buying or if you're not actually running campaigns at the minute, you're not actually running ads at the minute. It's the vehicles that you're using to get people to to view your messaging to view your creatives to view your content and everything else in between but that's the hierarchy without this component here without your markers nothing else matters because if without your markers, if you don't understand your Market, if you don't understand every single level of detail of your Market, nothing else matters, you won't be able to put to get the right offer. You won't be able to put together the right content whether it's videos or everything else in between and you certainly won't be able to reach them because you won't know who the air and everything else.

Okay, so it's want to just cover that first. And then actually start to break down. Well, what is perfect Persona prompting? Well, essentially what it is is for anybody who's familiar with the book break through advertising and in break through advertising one of the The Core Concepts and teached in are told in break through advertising is the levels of awareness. So we have the five levels of awareness.

So I'm taking the five levels of awareness and I've compiled combined them what I call Deep Persona profiling what we end up getting is we get up we end up getting a full picture of our Market in a way that just makes it so easy to actually teach chatri BT to how to how to create ads that will actually work how to create video ads or video content that will actually move or prospects the will actually engage your prospects and to taking action what we have and what it acts so that for anybody is not aware of what the five stages of awareness there. The five stages of awareness are the unaware problem aware. Solution aware product aware and most aware. So in the unaware the unaware people are they're not aware of their desire or they need to solve the problem or they won't honestly admit it the problem where people they know they have a problem to solve but aren't aware of any specific Solutions the solution where people they know there is a solution to their problem, but they didn't they don't know of any specific products to solve it the product aware people. They know your product exists, but and completely aware of all of it.

Those are aren't convinced how well it does it and in the most aware people they know of your product and what it does but having gotten around to purchasing it. So when we build our ads and build our videos around the five stages of awareness, we get to build out a book it's of content that just meet or prospects exactly where they are at so we compiled what I've done with my how how I've trained chatgy BTS. I've compiled the levels of awareness with deep Persona profiling to end up with a profile on your audience. That is so ACC. And so deep and so ingrained into who they are.

It's just crazy how powerful it is and A combines their level of awareness which is unaware problem-aware solution aware product aware most aware and it compiles Prospect details, which is their name gender job in annual salary before continue. I do want to mention that what what I'm doing here is I'm giving you the context of why all of this works so well, okay. So like I want to give you the context before I give you the content on the how to and anybody who was in my YouTube ads Workshop will understand why I want to give you the context first because it gives you the grounding it gives you the foundation to understand. Why what I'm about to share with you work so well, so when I give you a background to all of this first so you can actually see the the power when you actually put this together. So like I said, it gives you the level of awareness it gives you the prospect details their name gender job annual salary.

It gives you their their personal profile, which is their favorite movies books websites influencers their psychographics, which are their personality traits to values their interests their pain profiles, which is their secret fairs or complaints to primary pain points. It gives you your desire profile, which is your secret desires or lifetime lifestyle. Desires of primary desires or emotions their feelings their beliefs are identifications. It gives you their shopping Behavior, which are their decision triggers to purchase frequency or prior purchases their average order value and their preferred channels. It gives you the ones which is what they want to gain what they want to be what they want to do what they want to save and what we want to avoid.

It gives you the three dimensional profile which is what they're seeing thinking hearing feeling saying and doing now imagine if you had all of this information on your audience on your Market, which is the most important part of everything you do from a digital marketing and advertising point of view. How powerful would that be? and how how easy would things be in terms of creating video content creating video ads creating any type of ads for that matter creating anytime a messaging for that matter, it would make things so much easier, right? And that's exactly what I've done. That's exactly what I've trained chetubity on how to do I've trained and how to compile all of this information literally in seconds.

So what would take you probably months of grueling market research can be done now in seconds in one flail slope and that's what I'm going to share with you because that's one of the core components of what I'm going to show with you today. When it comes to at the second component to this, which is attention architecture. This is the framework that I use for actually creating the video content creating the videos creating the video ads creating the the video education based marketing, whatever you want to call it. I you I use what we call attention architecture and it's the first component of our overall advertising architecture which will be getting to a little bit later on in this Workshop. So the attention architecture follows four steps, it has an interrupt stage engage stage educate stage and the offer stage.

Now, this can be this has been phrase in many ways in the past whether it's interrupting age educator offer or where it's attention interest desire and action. There's lots of different ways we can say it is just a way that I stayed here and we have the hook, which is the opening part. We have to get already section. We have to teach and demonstrate section and we have to call to action or the details section. So this is specifically again, this is the framework that I told the YouTube ads magic workshop and this is an example of what it Looks like so we have the interrupt stage which contains six potential hooks.

So six hooks to grab people's attention at the very very beginning of our video in a way that resonates with them and a six ways we do that are their Heaven. They're hell some logic or statistics. We director focus on screens somehow we get straight to the action by getting to like did nearly like a a teaser our skipping the teasing and getting straight into straight into the stakes. So skipping the system getting straight into the meter the action all we do it for me a social proof point of view by saying meet X meet Tom meet Mary Mary did exit now she has this so and I just a little become clear for anybody who hasn't been true to Workshop in the past. Then the second stage is the engage stage.

This is how we build Authority and credit bitterly for ourselves around what it is that you help your prospects solve or what it is. You help to become or whatever the case may be. And we do this within the first 15 to 30 seconds of our video and this is an example here. It's like this is from one of our clients and our agency Pete Renzulli fantastic guy with a fantastic program if anybody's interested in doing and got to do with stock trading make sure you check out Pete and stock trading Pro absolutely incredible and what he pours into his clients is amazing. He's a client of Horrors in the agency.

And this is an example of his engage stage. Hi, my name is Pete Rizzoli and since 2001. I've helped over 10,000 people trade stocks profitably using order flow stacking. So it's in Authority piece based on what he helps you do as it relates to stock trading and everything else in between then we get to the educate stage and this is where we teach or demonstrate and how would it how either how it is that we help them solve the problem that they have or we outline some problems of solutions or if you have a unique mechanism built out for your offer. You can actually go into the unique mechanism how it works why it's different why it's Superior and everything else in between like like what we would normally do in a normal E5 campaign is Todd layers out and then we have to four portion which is the offer portion which is the call to action.

And this is where we give them a specific call to action what we want them to do next and it's called action is going to be different depending. What do we want them to go to register for a webinar? Download a lead magnet go purchase a product by an online course book in a book a call for an app a fill out an application book a call schedule a strategization whatever it is what we want them to do. That's what we give in our call to action and our detailed section. So this add attention architecture combined with perfect Persona prompting is essentially what I've trained Chachi BT on to be able to produce in mere seconds.

So no longer you don't have to be worrying about doing this because now chat gbt and AI produces this in seconds crazy crazy powerful. I know and I've developed free prompts three specific prompts that do all of this for you. Now, there's lots of prompts out there about Chachi BT and some of them are amazing and some of them are quite frankly not too good and that's saying it lightly you don't need thousands of prompts. You don't need a big swipe file of millions of prompts. It can be useful.

If you want to go deep into the rabbit hole of AI which I'm doing myself, and I'm Will be some people doing but in order to be able to create videos in a Flash you only need three pumps. And on this Workshop, I'm going to show you what those prompts are. I'm going to give you those prompts so you can use them yourself, but I'm also going to walk you through an example of these prompts laid out how I talk chat GPT and the results that It produced because you're as you're about to see the results are pretty amazing. So what I want to do now is I'm gonna stop sharing my screen for a second and then I'm going to reshare open up the chat GPT. On a browser and actually show you the examples of all of this mapped out.

And as always make sense for everybody so far. Let me know in the Q&amp;A section that if it does and let me know that you again that everything is okay that you can hear it and see me. Okay as well. Let me hear where I want to do here. I want to yeah, I'm just going to stop saying for a second.

Okay, let's go. Thanks for letting me know Martin and Lee and I'm going to reshare. Here we go. So I'm logged into. chatibility here and it's gonna make this screen bigger.

so I'll open up so I have this Google doc here and this is the the prompting section so I've created a prompt for chat gbt which essentially says give me five customer offer avatars for the put in your offer name great one avatar for each stage of awareness has described and break through advertising. These are unaware problem aware solution aware product aware most aware. The target market is whatever your target market is. The offers website is whatever the link is to your actual offer. It's a whatever your price is type of offer whether it's a it's a 47 Dollar online course or whatever the case may be in the digital marketing needs to help online coaches Consultants experts and total leaders create videos in minutes using AI so that's just an example of this here.

So this is like you you will need to do a little bit of filling out and of information pretty much just this sentence here and this sentence here and everything else is pretty much going to be done for you. So the water toast is put the Avatar in the following format, which is Avatar details personal profile the top five favorite movies the top 5 favorite books to top 5 visited websites their top five villain relevant. Social media influencers. Their psychographics are tough their five personalities trades to five values five interests. They're paying profile, which is the big secret fair to Big complaint from existing solution for top five primary pain points their desire profile, which is their big secret desire to Big lifestyle desire the top five primary desires the top five emotions feelings to top five beliefsight identifications for shopping Behavior to top tree.

Primary decision triggers purchase frequency prior purchases average order value preferred channels. They're once wants to gain wants to be wants to do wants to save once to avoid the three-dimensional profile what they're seeing thinking here feeling seeing and doing make sure each advertise all each 900 words and start with the problem aware Avatar. So in chat gbt, which is can be logged in you can log into chat GPT by going to chat openai.com/login. I've essentially copied this text. In here, and this is an example for a relationship coach.

And I could give you a live example now, but I just created is just before we came on here. So it's save a bit of time with the actual chat producing it and I'm using chat gbt4. There's Chachi bt4. And this chat cheap BT 3.5 chat gpt4 is a little bit slower than 3.5 which is why I've got this example already, but I find it to be just a little bit more nuanced and chat you chat chibi tea 3.5. So as you can see, I've just copied this in here and I filled it in I filled it in for as in for someone who was in a relationship coach and they have an offer called the relationships accelerator.

This is just a fictitious course for a fictitious business to Showcase an example for you. So I asked it to create one aperture for each stage of awareness. I subscribe and break through advertising as I said, everything else is here is just from the Google Doc that I've copied and pasted the target market is professional women who are looking to find love. It's a 47 on 47 Dollar online course in the relationship Niche that helps women find love and married the right man or woman whatever the case may be. And again, I just copied and pasted absolutely everything here.

So what chat gbt produced almost instantly was Avatar details stage of awareness problem of war and I'm just going to go through the problem where one maybe the maybe another one. I don't want to go through all of them because there's five but this is so so detailed and and let me know if you're getting how powerful this is Avatar details stage of awareness problem aware name Jennifer gender female job marketing manager annual salary in US Dollars 85,000 personal profile top five. Favorite movies The Notebook When Harry Met Sally eat prayer love pride and prejudices The Proposal top five favorite books The Five Love Languages by Gary Chapman lean in by Cheryl Sandberg The Bridges of Madison County by Robert James Waller becoming by Michelle Obama Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn top 5 visited websites LinkedIn Instagram Amazon The New York Times Pinterest tough five relevant. Social media influencers, Matthew Hussey Esther Perot, Dr. Brandi Brown Mark, Manson, Tracy Steinberg psychographics Five personality traits.

Just driven empathetic independent socially aware five values Career Success family personal growth authenticity equality five interests reading traveling socializing with friends. You'll get networking pain profile big secret Fair ending up alone and unfulfilled in her personal life big complaint from existing solution generic advice that doesn't care to work individual needs and preferences top five primary pain points difficulty finding a compatible Partners balancing career and personal life limiting time for dating fear of vulnerability and rejection strongly struggling with maintaining relationships desire profile big secret desire to find a loving support of partner who understands and appreciates our ambition big lifestyle desire to live a balanced life or a successful career and driving personal life top five primary desires. Fulfilling relationship with a compatible partner the ability to communicate effectively in relationships a healthy work-life balance to be respected and valued in a relationships a supporter a supportive network of friends and family top five emotions of feelings frustration hopelessness, hopefulness, longing uncertainty determination beliefs and identifications belief in our ability to achieve success in our personal life identification with feminism and gender equality belief in the importance of self-improvement identification with being a successful independent woman belief in the power of vulnerability and emotional connection shopping Behavior top three primary decision triggers recommendations from trusted sources proven results from testimonials Costa bite Solutions Taylor to our needs purchase frequency occasional prior purchases, self-help books online courses coaching sessions average order value 100 dollars prefer channels courses workshops coaching sessions wants to gain a lasting fully fulfilling relationship with a supportive partner wants to be a successful when around a woman with a driving career in person life wants to do enhance our relationships skills and find love time. Energy emotional investment in dating relationships in terms of wants to save once they're avoid setting for an unfulfilling relationship or remaining single and lonely three-dimensional profile seeing colleagues and friends and successful relationships thinking there must be a way to and they're just stop. So anytime you're using chat GPT.

It may just stop producing. It has a like a particular word length. We'll start producing you can just type in continue writing and it will continue writing the prompt that you originally give it if it wasn't finished so you can see there must be a way to find a compatible partner World maintaining her career goals hearing friends and family expressing concern about a lack of long-term partner feeling a mix of frustration and hope that she will confine a solution to her relationship struggles saying I want to find love and have a successful career. I don't want to compromise one for the other doing actively seeking resources attending workshops and reading books to improve our relationship skills and find a compatible partner. And that's the first avatar.

So that's the problem aware Avatar how crazy powerful is that in like in seconds chachu BT produced this now utilizing this Avatar if you were to do nothing else and actually ask chatbt give chatibility this exact prompt. How much information does it give you that open up the the floodgates in terms of the type of content? You can start producing for your for your potential Market the type of videos that you start producing to type the things that you start to focus on because when you give chat gbt proper prompting it produces incredible results if you just say Give me details of my avatar or write me a YouTube ad script or write me a video ad script. It will just write it random video ad script based on what it thinks to do. But if you teach it and train it and actually get it to produce based on your avatar based on your your Market, which is again the most important.

It's crazy crazy powerful. Yeah, exactly. As Darren says that that's amazing that used to take me about two hours with a client two hours. I mean like you must been really good carrying it to do it two hours. I mean oftentimes this can take a day or weeks to actually start to come blow crazy crazy good.

So once we have this build out, we do it for the other four levels of of awareness. So we have the unaware level and again, I won't go true and I won't read it true in detail. You can see the level that are produces and as I'm scrolling through here imagine, you are a relationship coach and you were struggling to to Target your audience or struggling to come up with ideas for Content the ideas for Content just come naturally here because you find out and you realize that you know so much about your target market. So this is the this is the which one is this. This is the unaware Avatar.

And again, this was produced in mere seconds then it got stuck. So I said continue writing and I continue writing and I went on to solution where Avatar and again it follows this process it does it all for you. It's so so powerful and we're gonna combine this with the second component in a second and just gonna your mind's gonna be blue pretty just put it that way if it's not blowing already. It's going to be blown in a second and then we have the continue writing. We have the next one.

We're on to the product aware Avatar. And again, it's all done just like this. It just makes everything so much easier and then we're on to the last one the most aware Avatar and marketing director blah blah. My favorite movies. My favorite books five physical websites if you were like the Let's Jump Ahead a second.

And you're you're thinking. Okay. Well. What? How do I how do I Target my ideal customer?

Well, you can Target them by they you know, the readers books, you know, they watch those movies so you can Target them by those interests. Imagine you're selling up here if you were setting up a Facebook campaign. Or YouTube ad campaign or a Google ad campaign if people are searching those things searching for things related to The Notebook related to that When Harry Met Sally you can stick your ad right there because you know that they're interested in that same with the books. You could Target them when they're searching for those books. You could have ads alongside those books if there's a reviews of those movies or reviews of those books your ad could be alongside those reviews.

You could do videos on those yd white D's movies are so and why you need to watch these movies if you're struggling in a relationship and do one for each one of those content, like you'll never run out of content ID is now because of this we haven't got any we haven't even got to the section where we get Church BT to actually write the ads for you actually write the videos for you and we're getting there. Don't worry. I just as you can tell I'm really excited by this because this is just gonna change the game for absolutely everybody for me personally. I used to absolutely hate doing market research. I used to know I had to do it, but I absolutely hate it doing it.

So I would do it and I would I nearly despise myself while I was doing it. I know now you don't want to have That because it's literally done in seconds. So then we have the this is the last section here. Yes, so then we're on to the second. Prompt so the second prompt.

So now we've the first prompt is the Perfect Persona prompting so we're getting to we're getting it to produce our perfect Persona with that one prompt. The next prompt is what we do once we've got it to produce the perfect the perfect Dam Persona is we want Chachi BT to produce a diary entry as if our target market was writing that diary entry and what our second prompt is essentially is this imagine you where the whatever Avatar again I'm using here the problem where Avatar in this example taking the psychographics pain profile desire profile once and three-dimensional profile into account write me a diary entry of at least a thousand words use passionate visceral emotional language that reveals your deepest your deepest feelings fears and desires. So we take this prompt. We put it into Chachi BT. That's exactly what I did.

Imagine. You're the problem where Avatar taking the psychographics pain profile desire profile once and three-dimensional profile into account. Write me a diary entry of at least 1,000 words use passionate visceral emotional language that reveals your deepest feelings fears and desires. Now, I'm going to read this and I read this earlier and I want hesitate and saying that it nearly brought Terry Smiles reading this as if I was the woman who was writing it into the diary it is that powerful dear and I'm gonna read it out now because I think it's going to be even more powerful. It's it's pretty long.

I mean it's a thousand words, but I'll read it as quickly as I can and you'll see how powerful this is and then we take this diary entry and using my advertising architecture framework. We turn it into an ad literally in seconds. Now, obviously it's taking us longer than seconds to do it here because I'm going bringing you shoot a process. I'm training you on the process, but when you're using this yourself, it's gone in seconds. But here's the diary entry dear diary.

I'm lying in bed again staring at a sealing my thoughts racing like a runaway train the darkness of the room is a fitting backdrop for The Emptiness. I feel inside I spent another day at work trying to be the strong independent woman everyone expects me to be but deep down. I feel so alone. I have friends. I have a great job and a comfortable life, but sometimes missing I see my friends and colleagues with their Partners their lives filled with love and laughter and I can't help but feel envious I long for that same connection for someone to hold me close and truly understand me.

Why is it so hard for me to find the love? I crave and my two picky do I speak too much is my job. The reason I'm still alone. I can't help but feel that I'm the common denominator my failed relationships. I've had her I've had my heart broken and I've broken hearts, but I've never really found that one person who feels like home the one person who makes me feel like I belong my heart aches is I think about the endless cycle of dating to superficial conversations and to unmet expectations.

I'm so it's so tiring to put myself out there time and time again only to be disappointed. I can help but wonder if there's something wrong with me am I enough am I not enough? Or maybe I'm too much. I've tried reading self-help books attending workshops and even talking to a purpose but nothing seems to make a difference. It's like I'm spinning my wheels and I'm no closer to finding the love.

I so desperately want tonight. I let the tears flow as I confess my deepest fears to the empty room. I'm terrified of no balloon and I'll never experience the love and companionship. I see in others. I'm afraid of living a life to avoid up to deep connection.

I've always dreamed of and I love for partner who will walk by my side supporting and encouraging me and sharing in the ups and downs of life as I walk away my tears. I know that I can't keep going on like this. I need to take control of my life and find a way to break through these barriers that are keeping me from finding the love. I want I want to be the best person of myself somebody communicate openly. And effectively and build lasting relationships.

I've realized that I need a different approach something that will address my unique challenges and help me find a lot of I deserve I'm willing to invest in myself to learn new strategies and to change the patterns that have helped me back. I believe that love is out there for me and I just need to find the right path to lead me there but what if I take that leap and I don't find the love alarm for what if I invest my time energy and emotions into yet another solution only to be left feeling disappointed and alone that thought terrifies me, but I know that I have to take that chance I refuse to let fear control my life and dictate my future. I imagine a life where I wake up next to someone who loves me for who I am who understands my deepest thoughts and fears and who shares my values and dreams. I see myself laughing crying and growing with this person building a life filled with love and connection. It's a vision that fills me with hope and I know that I can't give up my quest for love as I close my diary and prepare for me yet another sleepless night.

I make a silent. I promise to myself. I will not let fear home my back hold me back. I will not let the pain of past experiences to find me. I will take control of my destiny destiny and do everything in my to find the loop that I deserve.

I will be brave vulnerable and open to new experiences and possibilities and most importantly I will never give up on my dreams. I know that the journey ahead won't be easy to will be setbacks higher takes and moments of Doubt, but I also know that I am a strong resilient and worthy of love. I will learn from my past embrace my present and shape my future with hope and determination as I face the days ahead. I will remind myself that I'm not alone in this struggle. There are orders out there who share my fears desires and who long for the same deep connection and understanding Together we can support each other learn from each other and grow into the people.

We're always meant to be with every passing day. I will take to steps to overcome my fears and break down the barriers that have kept me from finding love. I will learn new skills develop healthier habits and embrace some more authentic convertible version of myself. I will open them up my heart over the world and let love in even it means risking pain and disappointment as I embark on this journey. Of self discovery and growth.

I remember that love is not a destination but a journey it's not something like control or predict but something that I can cultivate nurture within myself but becoming the best version of myself, I will create a space for love to enter my life and its own time and its own way and The Quiet Moments of the night when the world is still in my thoughts or my own company. I will hold on to my dreams and fate in love. I would remind myself that I am worthy and that I am enough and I'm deserving of the love and happiness I seek and one day I know that I will find the love I'm being searching for a love that is deep true whenever lasting I love that will bring light into the darkest corners of my heart and fill my life won't join connection until that day comes I will continue to fight for my dreams to grow and evolve. I should never ever give up on love with hope and determination problem wherever tires name. How good is that and a couple of things I want to showcase is a that does not stream of copy that screams of a true diary entry of someone who is lunging to find love would actually write.

And it's so powerful and within this diary entry here. Again, there's some so many ideas for potential videos that you could create potential content. You could create potential types of promos that you could do just purely putting yourself in the prospect shoes and imagining what their life is going through like one of the strongest questions that Dan Kennedy would always ask when it comes to copyrighting a messing is well, what's keeping your prospects up at night and it was always that they that question was always like a very easy question to grasp but a very hard question to answer because we truly we truly didn't know but when we back up our Persona or perfect Persona prompting with this diary-based prompt, we just get an answer that is Bang on perfect after I don't know if there's any relationship coaches on here, but if there are any kind of or maybe there's someone on here that maybe it has struggled with with finding the right person in the past. You probably resonate with a lot of a lot of stuff to tear and this this was done in seconds and it wasn't edited. There was no editing here.

There was no reprompting here. It just got it immediately because of we fed at the Avatar first do people understand how powerful that is. Let me know in the Q&amp;A section if if you understand power powerful that is because this is just crazy crazy good and I know I'm spending a bit of time here, but I really want to want you to focus on how powerful this stuff is because this changes the game this really changes the game completely and when we combine this with The last part which is getting our third prompt, which is actually turning this diary into an actual. video Which is the and again this we've been spending a bit of time here, but this gets done in. Seconds, so I shared with you earlier around the advertising architecture.

Was that which is that four set frame for creating ads? So what we do here is in our third prompt was we rewrite that add structure into a prompt bachat gbt, you can understand and as you can see it's pretty long. It's not just write me a video ad script. It's now rewrite that diary entry as if you were an expert copywriter and restate it where you're describing the same feelings that emotions with the same level of granular detail to the prospect in terms of what they're most likely feeling and experiencing and use this ad structure. This is important part use this as structure.

There are four components the interrupt stage grab their attention in the first five to 30 seconds Max. This is done one of six ways that towards pleasure hook which is the heaven hook. They're away from Pain hook, which is the hell hook a shocking but true statistic related to the problem or desire. The director focused by pointing to something physical in hand or object on screen as in a pattern interrupt. Prime e lead a high value by curiosity building statement X meet X at a stone testimonial based hook the second stage which is an engage stage as I walk you through in the end-day PowerPoint, which is the Showcase Authority a wider should pay attention to you in 15 or 30 seconds Max.

This is where we introduce ourselves and showcase our Authority as it relates to how we can actually help the viewer achieve their goal or desires. Hi. I'm for example, hi, my name is Peterman Julian since 2001. I've helped over 10,000 people trade stocks properly using order flow stacking which is a unique way of pinpointing exactly what stocks to buy when to buy them and just as important when to sell them and then we get to the third stage educate stage which you can do in 30 seconds to 22 minutes teacher share valuable piece of content as it relates to the prospects pain profile or does our profile for example, Give an example or three problems. They may be facing or solutions to them offer stage shortly seconds.

The one minute this is where we transition to the offer. For example, click the link below to watch our free training and how order flow stacking can help you make more money Trading. As little as 14 days optional showroom what happens what they click? For example, when you click the link below you to be brought to a page. It looks like this simply hit the green button and when the popup appears enter your name and email and hit submit button.

You'll be brought to a page. It looks like this where you'll get the full access this valuable training other points to remember Use the active voice tone should be conversational and friendly but persuasive speak directly to the reader use perfect us grammar. The readability level should be six to seven grade. I benefits should be split into functional dimensional and emotional and here are the details you need to remember my name you give it your name and give it two three sentence example for each of the six hooks into rips in in the interrupt stage and we ever called to action and then we just include whatever is we want them to do. So that makes sense.

So people are really enjoying that which is music to my ears. So then what I did was I Did exactly what that prompt says so we have three prompts don't like this. So we just go down here. So now rewrite that diary entries if you were an expert copywriter and restate it, if you describing the same feelings blah blah blah use this adscript. So nothing nothing is different and these three prompts nothing is different.

So you're ready to see the ads that were created in mere seconds. Here we go. interrupt stage we have to six hooks. We have the engage stage the educate stage and the offer stage don't just like that. So let's go through it and see how good this is and I didn't edit this at all.

And like if you wanted to make this better you could and I'll be sharing later on when we get to the tips and tricks section. I'll show you how to make this better if you want to but I don't know I I would run this exactly as this but I don't even change in it at all six hooks. Imagine making up everyone with the love of your life by your side feeling truly understood and deeply connected. Are you tired? B Oak B.

Are you tired of feeling alone? Even when surrounded by friends and I successful career just because you haven't found the right person to share with see did you know that 50% of professional women feel that their Career Success hinders their chances of finding true. Love D. See this hardship locket right here. It's a symbol of the loving relationship you deserve and I want to show you how to find it.

E you're just one step away from discovering the secret to balancing your career and finding the love you deserve. F meet Jessica successful career woman who found her true love I didn't have to sacrifice her professional Ambitions pretty pretty strong hooks. They would get your attention. If you were in this if you were this Avatar, right? I'm the they would definitely would engage stage.

Hi, I'm relationship Ronda. So basically when I put in the name is like my name relationship Ronda. I just put it in there just as an example. So if you're wondering why it says relationship Randa, hi, I'm relationship Rhonda and I've spent the last decade helping thousands of professional women just like you find true love without sacrificing their Career Success. My unique relationship accelerator program is designed to help you find a perfect partner who shares you values and supports your Ambitions now, Obviously this section when we are using it, you need to tweak this yourself.

So you would need to edit this yourself. So because if you if you haven't been working for a decade if you maybe working for two decade or if you have if you've helped hundreds of people or if you've had 10 people or tens of thousands of people obviously AI doesn't know that unless you get put it into prompt that you've actually helped this amount of people. So just bear that in mind. This is one section that would need to be tweaks slightly. But I mean in the grand scheme of things it's it's not a lot of work.

So let's go to the educate stage. Let's talk about tree problems. You might be facing in the solutions to the problem. You stroked into finding compatible partner who will understand your career demands solution learn how to identify key traits and potential Partners. Let's signify compatibility and shared values problem difficulty balancing your career and personal life leading to relationship issues solution discover strategies to help effectively balance work and love ensuring board areas your life Drive problem fair opening up and being vulnerable and relationships solution develop emotional intelligence and communication skills to create deeper connections and threatening your relationships.

Offer stage now it's time to constrict to take control of your love life. Click the link below to get instant access to my free training where you'll learn more about the relationship accelerator program and how we can help you find true love without sacrificing your Career Success when you click the link below you'll be taken to a page that looks like this you'd flash up a picture of the page. Just hit the green button. And when the popup repair is enter your name and email that hit submit you'll be granted full access to this life-changing training that will help you attract to love you deserve don't wait another day start your journey to love and fulfillment now pretty strong at video ad done in mere seconds. So that's that component here and I hope you guys understand how powerful this is and I hope you're excited to actually start putting this into play and this is just the first Port this this is just the first part of actually getting the script done like they're still we have to still you know, we are going to shoot the scripts.

We're gonna we're gonna share the scripts and everything else. But I mean, I'm pretty sure if I just ended the training here, it'll be worth it. Right and if you think it will be let me know in the in the Q&amp;A section because this stuff is just going to change the game these those three prompts. Open up the float gates in terms of what you can do with your advertising and marketing and like that. We haven't even scratched the surface at what we could do.

I want to keep this concise as possible in terms of folk. Just focusing on how you can use it to create videos in minutes and we're going to get to the second section now in in just a moment, but hopefully you see how powerful this is and hopefully you can see And this this was worth more than the whole thing. Thank you so much linen. I really appreciate the feedback and thanks Darion as well for your feedback and people like have you adapted a simple so preselves and everatorials Scott this can't be adapted to to pre cells never tutorials as well and I can share at the end I can share when we get to like tips and tricks and bonus section. Maybe what I could do is I can cruise I can put together a little kind of an extra training as part of a bonus to this Workshop how you can adapt it for both like avatarials how you can adapt it for a presale.

You can adapt it for Google ad copy how you can adapt it for Facebook ad copy and everything else. I think that that's a great point that I'd be happy to do that if that would be helpful for other people as well. I usually don't even comment to webinars but this is great. Thanks Lee that will get thanks. That would be awesome.

Thanks Scott. No problem. I'll definitely do that. So now what I want to do is I want to actually go on to the the part 2 Oh. That's when I get the go back to the PowerPoint for a sec.

There we go guys want to pull up the PowerPoint we're gonna actually go into how you can actually start shooting these because obviously you have a script here. You have the left like that diary entry is so emotional and a couple of things like I mentioned is that like that diary entry is that doesn't look like copy that really feels like you're sitting down and writing into your driver your prospect is running into your diary and that is so so powerful. I like that stuff doesn't feel like copy even the ad itself. It doesn't scream like copy. There's no like this you don't discover and all these kind of power words that are just hovery and puffery and all of their typical copy nonsense.

It just feels like you're getting straight to the meeting the bones of what the prospect wants and what they're struggling with and that's what real copies all about. It's all about being simplistic and there's there's no big crazy adjectives or any kind of nonsense like that at all. There's no hopefully there's no proofread. There's no hyperbole There's No Nonsense claims or my dad. It's it's like you're having a one-on-one conversation with when you're best friends who has the problem that you want.

You want to solve or like that? Diary entry is like you're writing in a very emotional diary entry. That's so so powerful and What I want to do now is actually just we be showing how you could use all of just have a creative sales page high gear model. This is that the focus of this is just in creating videos. I mean, it can be done for a sales Pages as well.

But the folks that this Workshop is how you could just scripture video content whether it's video ads or videos that you want to use promote your promote your existing phones websites and everything else and it got to do with sales pages will be you know, something we could maybe tackle in the future, but this is just specifically for a video content. Hope that answers that okay, let me share my screen and go on to the the next section here just go down here. Want to just get to the slide that we're on one sec guys. Sorry. Here we go.

Okay. Okay, so now we're on to part number two. So with part number one fun. Hopefully I hope you got a ton of value or part. Number one.

Like I said that those three prompts although we went into a lot of details. No, I wanted to spend detail on there because it's important but those three prompts and we'll start producing results. And like in seconds, so now we're going to take those take that script that was produced. I'm going to show you how you can shoot your videos. I mean you can do in one of three ways.

So part number two how to shoot your videos with minimal effort. So when it comes to shooting your videos, there's really three ways. You can do it. You can hire a spokesperson to shoot them for you. You can use new AI tools to shoot them for you or you can shoot them yourself and this is my personal recommendation.

I personally recommend that you shoot your video content yourself. Now if you don't want to shoot your video content Yourself by all means use the other two, but my personal recommendation will be for you to shoot your video content yourself. It's what I like to do. It's what I recommend and If you have homes and Halls about shooting video contents, probably because you're unsure what to say and how to say but now, you know exactly what to say. You just know how and I'm going to show you exactly how to say it with with this process.

So if you're gonna hire a spokesperson to shoot them, Fiverr has a bit of a rap bad reputation, but I'm I actually found some really good sports people and Fiverr and I've used them for different projects that where I didn't want to be the face at a project. So like say for example anytime I'm searching in say something like five or an upwork. I always make sure that the sellers are online so I can chat with them immediately. I'm not waiting for two or three days for them to respond to me. If they're online you open up a dialogue with them they respond to you pretty quickly because they're online now does that mean that people that are offline you don't get to engage with them if they're very good.

Yes, but the end of the day when you have something a script that you if you're not going to be recording it yourself speed is an issue. So you want to make sure you can get it done quickly which is and speak to online sellers only at all times now I have Used online status for spokesperson. Like I said, so here's one that we will use in the past for a project where we didn't want our face. It was like a brand list company and we are a faceless brand and we didn't want to or if any of our faces got to do that. We use a particular sportsperson to to record the videos and it works extremely well and this video for the case.

I think it was like a nine minutes a video that we created costs like a hundred dollars like a hundred hundred Euros, which is about a hundred and twenty hundred twenty dollars, which is pretty good for nine to ten minute video, right? So if you're not going to shoot your videos yourself, you can hire exposure spokesperson to shoot them. Or you can use AI tools to shoot them for you. So there's there's quite a lot of AI tools popping up that will create video content for you to do. I really like and two I recommend are pipio and pick 3.

So pipio you get my pipio.com and don't go open up browsers now pay attention here, but just for example sake and then pick 3 is pictur3.ai. My preference is if you're going to use AI I really like my pipio. And as a number of reasons, I'll get you the the main one. I'll get you in a moment. So this allows you just basically to choose an avatar like to and I don't mean Avatar is really what we do choose a video actor and AI video actor choose a an audio and and choose someone's and audio actor and they have like loads ones loaded in and then you just paste in your script.

And it produces a video and I'll be sharing an example of this in a second and like pictures pretty much the same except. It doesn't have like an AI actor. It just shares like pictures on screen and text nearly like a like a traditional vsl. But with like some animations and things like that, they have free versions and paid versions of both and they have trials and everything else. My preference is picture.

And the reason why I like picture if you're going to use and AI it's more lifelike as you can see, I won't play the full video here. So this is a video of a script that I created using the exact same process from earlier on. And for one of my own offers, which I recorded a video for as well a little bit earlier on which I'll be sharing in a second when we get to like editing section and everything else and it's pretty good. I don't have to sound will come true. Now I don't have to sounds coming true.

It's not perfect. Like these AI tools are going to get a lot better. But if you're if you're not going to use if you're not going to shoot them yourselves the AI tools can shoot them for you. And the reason why I like my pipio is because you can upload a custom avatar to my people so you can record yourself on a green screen or playing Black Background playing black or white background or whatever the case is you can record about 10 or 15 minutes footage of yourself just doing actions just you know, leading a script or whatever the case may be you can send it to pipio and they will create a custom avatar, which is you and then you can start using yourself and your own voice and start producing AI content. And without you having to actually record the videos.

It's you doing it, but it and you can you can use your own voice by you have to record the audio of the the video of file and then it'll sync up the audio with you and you can produce thousands and thousands of hours of video content that is produced by you by using this AI too pretty cool if you don't mind being Is but don't want to actually record the video. So rather than spending, you know, a couple of hours recording videos, you can record thousands of hours of content pretty much just like that using my my pipio. So that's that's pretty cool as an AI to And but my preference like I said is to shoot up yourself and I'm gonna show you how easy it is to shoot these videos yourself and it's a lot easier than you might think and a lot of people have Hang-Ups about being on video and it feels like they're uncomfortable on video and did lots of homes and ads and what did it what will they wear? What should they be look like what about their background? What about the lighting and the mic and sound and camera and everything else and it's actually way easier than you think so, I have three steps that I use to record videos once I've got the script and now I've shown you how to produce scripts pretty much in seconds.

Like it's it's an old brain you can produce scripts and seconds and I'll be getting to some extra some extra tips in terms of precision scripts and just a moment. But imagine imagine you've got your script Now using chat gbt and you want to start actually producing videos like in Mirror minutes. This is how you do it in Mirror mirrors step one you download a teleprompter app with a recording function on your phone. If you have an iPhone download teleprompt close tree, it's I think it's 29. Will be the best $29 you spend in terms of a teleprompter ever if you're an Android User to that.

I really like and I've used in the past our speechway and big Vue. my personal preference is teleprompter tree because teleplan plus 3 because I I use my an iPhone and it's the one I use step two is you're going to import your script into the teleprompt app and step 3. You're going to record a video. I'm going to show you how easy this is in a second. Now.

I have to make sure that I I hook up my phone correctly and I'm going to just gonna show you how easy it is. I'm going to show you my settings. I've Teddy prompt Tracy so you can see it. So we stop sharing for a second and I'm hopefully going to be able to share my and my phone will come up in a second. Well, I'll just make sure I have the app open.

And yes, so let me share my hopefully my phone will come up. a cable Okay, so just make sure everyone can everybody just let me know that they can see my phone screen. Someone just let me know in the Q&amp;A section that you can see my phone. So this is me inside. the teleprompt plus Tree app and I've got an example of a script.

That chat typically created for for my YouTube ads magic course. Now. This script was actually it's not as powerful as the the one it doesn't have the diary component built into the prompt. So you want to use two prompts. I use the the Press perfect Persona prompt and I use the advertising air architecture prompt.

I did not use the diary prompt here because I was putting together as quickly for you guys. And I just forgot to use the divert prompt. It was just an oversight but like it's it's still works. I'm gonna show you an example of me creating this. So I want you first just to show you if you anybody who does have an iPhone.

These are the settings that I use Okay, great. Thanks for letting me know guys. So these are the settings I use I use speed of 4.5. I use the three second countdown. I don't have the view timers on if I'm recording it directly from my phone like this.

I don't mirror the text if I'm using a pair of teleprompter, which I'll be talking about in a couple of moments. I do mirror the text. So this is I would toggle this on and off here. I use the guide capture we capture to buy video recording text options. I have to text the 48 point.

I have to text him white and I have the background in like a black kind of color. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you how how easy and you might see my my lock screen here. That's actually my eye and that's actually just my website. We got that done in hamburgers pretty cool. And it's we got it done like a frame picture but that's just besides point.

So what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna show you how easy it is to record this. this video so I'm going to just Just going to stand up here for a sec. Actually. No, I'll record it. Actually just looking at the camera here.

So. I'm gonna go over here. I'm gonna hit start prompting. So it's going to start counting down. And it's going to load here now in a second.

so so I'm recording on my phone. I'm sorry for this. You're just gonna see a picture of my phone for a second, but I'll hold it up like this so you can see me. Are you online business owner blogger eCommerce seller marketer, social media influencer or course creator. Are you struggling with not with not getting enough traffic leads and Sales Online.

Look no further to YouTube ads magic. The number one course for creating attention grabbing YouTube ads that drive traffic leads and sales if you're online business. Hey, I'm John Murray. And I'm excited to tell you about YouTube ads magic today as a fellow online business owner. I know first-hand how important it is to be able to get effective and consistent traffic to your website and your funnels and that's why I created YouTube ads magic.

I comprehensive course that teaches you everything. You need to know how to create a create ads and not only get attention but Driver results for your online business, but YouTube ads magic. You'll learn a secret to creating effective ad copy targeting your ass Right audience. I measuring optimizing your app campaigns for best performance. They'll get instant access to exclusive tips and tricks.

You won't find anywhere else. So if you're ready to take your YouTube advertising to the next level and Achieve Real Results for your online business, click the link below to get YouTube ads magic for 90% off just 37 dollars today. When you click the link, you'll be brought to a page. It looks like this where you can sign up for the course and get instant access to everything. We YouTube ads magic.

You'll learn a secret to creating ads and not only grab attention, but also Drive traffic leads and sales for your online business. So don't wait click the link below and get started today. and says think you should be able to see that. Script complete it's upside down because it's upside down but says script complete. Just like that.

in a couple of minutes, I have the ad script recorders using the teleprompter ad and if I just let it load here you can see And just so you can see there was actually reading the script but you'd never tell when you see the video you can see it's just loading there. The script is loading and it's recording in the background. Is that gets? It's so easy. There's no arms.

There's not as there's no wondering what I should say or how I should say it. We've used chatibility to produce the script. We're using telegram plus to record the script and now I'm going to show you how really how easy it is to actually edit the script and actually get it live so you can actually sharing out and share it on YouTube and and share it everywhere else as well. If you want to does that make sense. It's like you get how easy that is.

I mean, hopefully easy that is if you're recording long vsl, let's say 15 minutes 30 minutes. How would you handle what happens when you mess up? That's a great question Scott, and I'm so glad you asked you asked that because I will be covering what happens when you mess up. So the the editing method I use which we're going to be talking about is essentially what happens when you mess up. So thanks so much for asking that I'm delighted to ask that as well.

So just let me go back to my PowerPoint here. and yeah, we'll get to the editing section and one sec. I just want to go back here and share my screen again. I'm gonna take a drink of water as well and people getting value so far you enjoying this. Hopefully you're enjoying this and This Workshop is valuable.

Hopefully it is. So before we get to the editing section Scott, which we essentially cover everything you've said and in terms of shooting longer videos and what if you want to break it up and what happens if you make a mistake because when you're when you're recording you will make a mistake, but I'm going to show you how easy it is to fix that in a second. So let me go back here. so to do Right, so some Pro tips before we get today the editing section. so you Oh, here's an external mic a ring light in front of you and some soft lighting to light up your background to make your videos pop.

So if I was recording this on my phone now, I have a camera up here obviously and I have a ring like just above it which I'll be in the bonuses section when I send it out full details of my setup all include automatic for everybody. If anybody ever wanted to remember my setup. My mic is just here out a shot. So I have an external mic for my computer, but you can get like you can get external mics for your phones as well. That's just like a lavalier mic that you're clip into your phone either into your Your headphone jack if you have one or if you don't have a headphone jack, you can get one to just plugs into your like your charger section of your phone and just like a little wired left sit here.

It's an external mic. They're about you know about ten dollars on Amazon and they they work really well. They're just slightly better or actually a lot better than the the built-in microphones on the phone. So do yours in it. So Mike if you have a ring light or some if you don't have a ring light standing for like I have a window here.

So like it during the day if I want to shoot some really good video I could stand in my front of my video my window here and then like that that direct sunlight will just shine on me and make me look really well. If you don't have a window or you don't have access to direct sunlight. You can just use a ring light just above you and maybe some lighting behind you so Some soft Lighting in the background can work really well. You don't need a fancy like setup. I have it here.

I mean, I just have some LED lights and I'll be sharing exactly what my setup is some sort of soft lighting behind it. I also have this other light here to just helps, you know, sometimes as well if I want to mix it up. I'll leave that on now. It just helps light up the background a little bit more. This is just a switched on light here and I have a couple of LEDs there that just makes your video pop that a little bit more as you can see.

I actually forgot to turn on this later one. I usually have this one on it just makes the background look that much cooler and it's basically just a little Spotlight here that you know, it's like I think I might even be able to get into the shot. No, like I can't get into the shot. It's basically just a little Spotlight that I picked up for like $10 in in something like Ikea or something like that. Well, it was it's It's like these things are inexpensive, but it can go a long way towards really making your things pop So Pro tip number two is don't be afraid to show your personality into framing as you can see in the picture here and actually in my background here.

There's a lot of my personality. I'm a big Marvel fan. I'm a big Rocky fan. I would want to have one of my telescopes here and obviously you can see Baxter one of my dogs in the background there as well. He's like, he's always hanging around.

He's starting to move there. He says Hey having a good scratch that kind of stuff just makes brings personality into your background. So if you have a particular personality, they'll be afraid to shoot if you also want to have just a clean white background or clean black background or whatever kind of background. Don't be afraid to show that later. But these are just something tips can make can make a big difference to your thing and to your videos now.

Before we get to the editing section. I will in the resources section of when we get the recordings of this Workshop out. I will include a full document with all of these resources. There's some extra things in here to actually forgot to include like how I actually connect my their camera to the actual and to my actual Mac. You know, that that's important.

I'll share those resources into the section and bachelor's behind me doing something crazy about that guys. But yet these are some of the things that I use this is my actual setup as I said, I have my road mic here and just above me I have some the ring light. I have some LED lights behind me and I have this is my camera setup and that's the actual them. That's the actual external micros anybody. I think 9 Pound 90, which is about 12 13 dollars and it works really really well now I've upgraded my phone since so I have DM I have to use a wood that just plugs into the charger but it still works really.

Well the pro tip number four if you have recording on a Mac, I do recommend using ecam and ecam live which is a software. It's just specifically for mac and it just gives you a lot of flexibility in terms of transitions lowered herds teaser tickers call to actions and more. So let's jump into part number three, which kind of covers I think it was Scott's question was Scott. Yeah. What's Scott's question about the what happens if you mess up everything else.

So that's what part number three covers it comes with editing your videos and I'm gonna show you how easy it is to edit your videos because Chances there when you're reading from Italia prompter, even though it makes us so much easier. You still oftentimes do make mistakes and especially if you're recording longer videos, like if you're recording a full-on sales and sales video or full-on vsl where you're talking direct to camera where it could be anywhere from 15, 30 45 even 60 Minutes chances are You're Gonna Want to Break that up and chances are you will make mistakes when you do that and how we actually um, Record those videos to make it easier when we do make a mistakes is using the deal method which is simplified video editing with a deal method and the deal methods simply stands for do over and years and years and years ago and I went through Andy Jenkins video course called video boss and Andy Jenkins is unfortunately no longer widows anybody who was ever familiar with him when he when he pioneered character with with Mike Phil saying he did a lot of launches with Mike Phil saying and Andy was just a fantastic videographer fantastic personality and sadly sadly missed in the internet marketing World. His stuff was just crazy crazy good but he had just one concept that I learned from him called do over and I was the two over method of video editing was any time you're recording a video script or recording a video in general? Again, I'll just go back to my teleprompt plus and app. And I'm recording a video.

And let's say I make a mistake. So I have it here. Let's say I make a mistake and a scouting down and I'll just just record it now in a sec as it's loading. Okay, so one sec. So I'm recording here and I make mistake.

Are you an online business owner blogger blah made a mistake. So you say do over say it very loudly clearly do over scroll back one sentence and go back to the start of that sentence that you messed up. Go back to the very serious of that sentence, but say do over very very as loudly and as clearly as you can and this has become clear in just a second why we're doing this so do over Very clear and you go back to the sentence and you say it again. Are you an online business owner blog or e-commerce seller Market or social media influencer or course creator make a mistake. Just say do over scroll back to the previous sentence or paragraph and start again.

And the reason why we do that will become clear in a second. And but first when it comes to editing your videos, there's three ways again. You can edit your videos. You can hire a video editor to edit them for you. You could use AI tools to edit them or you can edit them yourself and this is my personal recommendation because you get them done super quick and again money loves speed So the faster we implement the faster we get results and people think video editing is a long arduous task.

It's not as long as you think when you use the do over method now, if you are editing like a vsl, it's 45 to 60 Minutes long or a full-on video documentary or something like that. Yeah sure found that out. But when you're editing two Tree video, two, three minute videos, you can edit them yourself for a very quickly. So, you know be wise how you choose it. So if you go to hire a video editor again, I would use something like Fiverr if you're going to use them from a contractual basis, make sure you're choosing online Sellers and but then there are some AI tools that allow you to edit video very very quickly as well.

One of them is called descript and the other one again is Pick 3 so picture I mentioned earlier you want it does allow you to It video and very easily by by you edit the script in the video English. I'll show you how that's done on the second. I have descript open. I want to show you an example. So descript and is essentially what it allows you to do it.

You you import your video and it transcribes the video and then you go through the video script and you just could do a control and find for do over like I said that you do a control and effort do over it'll show you everywhere in that video where you say do over and you know, you can just jump to those sections and edit take out the do-over section and then you're done very very simple and this is an example of what I mean by death. So this is the descript app So I did a control and F for do over and as you can see in the video, I recorded this video earlier on and there's four sections where I say do over and I know I have just removed that so what you do is just highlight the text and hit delete and I'll just edit that clip there and then descriptors very very cool like that. I haven't to be honest. I haven't used a whole lot of it because I generally do the editing myself, but it's a really easy way of adding new videos and it's like you jump straight to the parts of the video that needs to be edited. So it cuts out kind of like scrolling through and having to watch the whole thing and everything else and it just makes editing video using AI tools very very quick.

My favorite way to do it is just to edit yourself. So I have this I use Camtasia. Usually I have final cook pro as well, which I'm still learning how to use, you know cards on the table. There's also iMovie. There's some free one like in terms of free tools you have like iMovie for Apple if you're if you're a Mac User, And that if you're a Windows user or a Mac User, there's them.

I think it's called DaVinci DaVinci video editor or something like that. I can't remember the exact name of it. But it's DaVinci video editor. That's 100% free and it's as good as Final Cut Pro as good as the Premiere Pro and everything else but it's actually a free version of it and like it's it's crazy crazy good but I personally use Camtasia a lot as well. And I have I'm going to show you a live example of me editing a video and show you how quickly it can be done.

I'm gonna actually pull it up now because it is easier than you think. So just let me stop sharing for a second and pull up. and so Scott just before I put it up. Thanks for that. But if the cameras are to reach it can be a bit of a pain.

I mean generally what you do is you just step forward to the camera flick up on the tele under teleprompter and then step back again. It can be a bit of a pain but it can be done so easily as well. I mean, like look at the end of the day, we're like, there's gonna be some pain points when we're recording a 60 Minute video or 45 minute video what's taking a couple of steps forward or even having an assistant on hand to help you as well can really help with that as well. So let me show you how quickly we can edit a video using the two over method. So here's a video I recorded earlier on And as you can see, this is the timeline of the video.

So we have the section here to beginning. We have a section where I did there's a mistake I made here and we have so it's like it's essentially a two minute video. So I'm just going to bring it to the very front here. No trolley. So I delete all this part at the beginning.

So now what I'm looking for is I'm looking for somewhere where it's a big spike. And I know that that's gonna say do over so far press play. So let's just do I give it an over-emphasized example, when I recorded this video ready one, you wouldn't normally do that. But this is just an overnight over emphasized example and I think somewhere here as well. I say it so there's a section here.

And I didn't say it is pronounced as I should have here. So that's why the spike isn't as high. But essentially you would just grab it here. And we have it just here. and then we are obviously we want to remove the bit at the end as well where it's hey.

It's crazy. It might sound that's the video edited and then we would just do. share local file Follow what we want. Head export and a we exported and that's the video edited. Once you have your script.

Once you have it recorded and you're using either the AI tools like t-script or using like a tool like Camtasia everything becomes so much easier because you've done all of the work ahead of time or rather Chachi BT has done all of the work ahead of time for you. So if you want to edit yourself, I just showed you how you can edit a two minute clip very very easy using it do over method now, obviously you would watch it true to make sure there's no kind of hearing the obviously things I'm not gonna watch it through here. Do you know there's no point. I'm not actually even gonna say it now, but you get how easy it is to edit once once you're using this and it just becomes it makes everything so much easier. So now I want to jump into the next section which is Obviously important which is part 4 which is sharing your videos and there's part one of part 2.

I want to cover here. So sharing your video's part one, which is the most cost-effective traffic campaigns. You're likely ignoring. So the next strategy I'm going to share what you is something that I don't see a lot of people utilizing but it can be a really effective way of for you to start taking your video content taking a video that you just recorded our scripted with AI recorded in mere minutes and I'm taking that ending again in more minutes have it up and running on YouTube ads in a really cost-effective simple way that doesn't take the the bells and whistles that you need to like because to actually set up and run a profitable YouTube campaign because I would be sharing our process for running a full on campaign in a few moments. But if you just want to get your video content out there and so I start reaching more of your target market.

There's a way you can start doing that by leveraging the tree. content campaigns that work really well and what they are you Taps into what makes YouTube way more powerful than Facebook because for people that have watched my YouTube ads workshop and YouTube ads magic Workshop. You'll recognize this Slide the slide where people go to Facebook to switch off and people go to YouTube to switch on and that's the reality people go to YouTube to switch on when people go to YouTube. There are engaged. They're in uptime.

They're looking for information. They're looking for Education. They're looking for entertainment. They're on the look of for solutions that are problems. They're on the lookout for Content or on the lookout for videos.

And if we put our videos in front of them the right way we can start to get a lot more traction a lot more traffic in a way to that makes it so much easier than just running Facebook ads and there's five reasons why I love YouTube over Facebook. The first one is it typically can be easier to scale compliance is not an issue mostly creatives get a lot more mileage so you can take one video ad and get a lot more mileage on us. For example, we have a client now who's in the very competitive space. They're in the financial space and they're in the faith-based base combined. Now we are scaling them on a day one row us of Breakeven and an overall row as of 3x, so and we're currently scaling them and they're on their they're on point to be spending, you know.

Next month, they could be spending anywhere from between 150 Grand in ads and and that's on a day a day one row as of breaking even idea one and then like there are overall row aspect in terms of overall sales in terms of payment plans and everything else that comes in to run a tree extra less. So for every dollar day investor making three dollars back, so if they invest $150,000 next month an ads there are on point within 30 days to bring back at least two extra three x in row us and they're all during doing it all with just one video just one video. They don't have thousands of creatives that they might need to have on Facebook. We'd have to be testing, you know headlines out the Wazoo. You have to be testing Image Creators video creatives placements in terms of right hand column.

Stories news feed and everything else and all the nonsense that comes along with Facebook. They're just testing one video ad on YouTube right now using or advertising architecture scaling framework and they're scaling it out of the Wazoo with just one video and that's what I love about YouTube your creatives get so much more mileage. Once you have the right creative and you Fort you get less payments of less placements of more attention. So it's not tons of placements. There's very few placements, which you get more attention you get at least five seconds of your undivided of your prospects undivided attention.

So again, those six hooks one of those hooks is gonna hook them in I get to retention and then keep to retention with the rest of the framework of the ads of how we how we actually showed you how to put together the ads, And then five the main reason why I love YouTube over Facebook is because Google knows everything now if anybody who's been through my YouTube ads Workshop, the next couple of slides will be very familiar to you but they're gonna be very beneficial going back over them. Especially if you have an implemented as much of the workshop as you would have hoped and hopefully after today knowing how easy it is to create these videos now, you will be implementing after this so Google knows everything. So according to W3 Tech 54.8% of all websites have Google analytics installed now, even if you don't have it installed on your own site, you use it every day to run your business to do the things you love that the site you you visit every day in the site you use every day do have it installed. So like if you use click phones or character or kajabi or you use WordPress or all of those things all those big conglomerates do have analytics installed and this means that Google knows Everything and this is good news, because that allows you tap into all of the data of Google analytics that Google has compiled and found and given to advertisers on Google ads on YouTube ads on Google display and everything else in between. You can leverage this in some very sneaky ways.

Because Google has built audiences out to a zoo that you can tap into and you can start targeting with YouTube ads and which are with with the with the video that you just created and you want to start sharing it on YouTube. Now with the way I'm going to show you you can start tapping into the right audiences in a way to just you can't do on the likes of Facebook and Twitter and everything else. So they've built Affinity audiences which allows you to reach users based on what they're passionate about and their habits and their interests. They've built in Market audiences, which is reaching users based on the reef recent purchase intent or past purchases. They've what these are essentially buyer audience's Google have built out by our audiences.

You've heard the same that a buyer is a buyer is a buyer and you should be building it a list of buyers versus a list of prospects. Google have gone ahead and built the ultimate list of buyers that you can just start typing into and start reaching with display ads with Gmail ads Discovery ads search ads and video ads not shopping ads, not yet anyway. They've also built detailed demographic audiences and you can reach your audience is based on the demographic profiles as well. But the cool thing about Google ads and YouTube ads is that you can build your own audiences using the data from millions of websites. You can tap into the data of Google analytics and build your own.

Audiences and transforming gonna be showing you in a couple of moments, but there Friday who who doesn't have this list already or anybody who was in there on our YouTube ads workshop and it does watch this list. I will be including it as part of a bonus to this workshop and I will be giving it you. It's all in a Google ad sheet. It covers the infinity audiences the in Market audiences and the detail demographics you can I'll share which you guys as a bonus for just this Workshop. So you have it.

So don't worry if you were thinking all how can I get access to this list? I'm just gonna give you So here are five powerful custom audiences. You can build using data from millions of websites. The first one is a custom Infinity audience. So this a customer Affinity audience is people who is search for any of these terms or Google.

So imagine you are in the tennis Niche so you can create an audience of people who've searched these keywords now in the past and we with our skippable industry mads, when we wanted to drive conversions, we could create keyword audience. We could Target keywords, we could Target placements and we could take a topics we can no longer do that with them when we're creating skippable in-stream ads where we're driving conversions, but that's okay because they've just at first it was like, oh my God, we can never Target them again. But the reality is we can create our course our own custom audiences of these keywords and still Target these people in a more scalable manner because it's for people who search any of these terms in Google not in the present but in the present or in the past as well, so or if they searched them in the future as well, which is which is really cool. So we have custom affinity. audiences we have custom intent audiences.

So custom intent audiences is people where any of these interests are purchased intentions those people who were interested in purchasing tennis lessons purchasing tennis tutorials purchasing a tennis course purchasing tennis coaching. We can Target we can create an audience of these people. We have custom URL Affinity audiences so we can Target people who are visiting websites similar to tennis calm essential tenants.com tennis gate calm tennis hit on it. This is just the tennis example, but if there's the remember the top five websites that are prospects are visiting that we build out in our customer Avatar we can put build out custom URL audiences of for people who are visiting these audiences. They're top five favorite movies for people are searching these terms the top five favorite books for people who are searching these books the top five favorite influences.

We can create owners of people everything from our Avatar profile starts to really come into play when we start tapping into YouTube ads and YouTube audiences and Google audiences. The fourth one which is super Euro targeting and this is a hack that I think is really really cool and still even though I've been sharing this for for quite some time. Now, I still see very few people leveraging it and that's where you target the logins to your your competitors membership sites are the login to any software programs. They might use you can put in the exact URL login and if they're logging in there, it means chances are there are a buyer of their programs which means they may want to be a buyer of your program, which is pretty cool. And then we also have Affinity audiences as well.

So people who are using apps similar to whatever example you want to use. This is just a 10x example. So once we have our audience's then we can start to put together our most cost-effective traffic campaigns, you're likely ignoring and what that campaign is essentially tree campaigns and I'll describe it here. It looks like a big mess here. But it's one of the the coolest YouTube campaigns and most of cost-effective YouTube campaigns.

You can run. So the first campaign is a cold ideal audiences campaign. So you would choose go back to your avatar. And let's say we're working with our problem where Avatar at a chat gbt produced and it has top five favorite movies top 5 favorite books top 5 favorite influencers a top five favorite visitor websites. We'll create an audience what one audience for each of those areas so we could end up with 15 to 20 audiences.

So what we're going to do is we're going to set up a campaign targeting those audiences where our goal is just getting views on the video. We just created and the acid is just the video that we just created so that video that we just edited the video that we just shot video. Did we just script it out using chattube? Our goal is to get views on that video just views. We're not looking for conversions right now.

We're just looking for views. We're just want to reach out to that massive pool of cold audiences and start getting views on that video. I'm going to show you how easy this isn't just a second campaign. Number two is we're going to Target the video viewers of that video only going to Target. viewers of that video that we've just set up in campaign number one and the goal here is we're going to have a a video that asks them to subscribe to our Channel and in the day if we have time in the Q&amp;A section and if we don't I'll cover in the in it as a bonus to this Workshop.

I show you how to train chat chibi tea to create a Subscribe videos essentially a video asking viewers to subscribe to your Channel. So the second campaign ask them to subscribe to your channel, which builds up your YouTube channel, which builds up your number your the number of subscribers that you have on your channel, which is good for overall growth. And then the Third campaign is targeting only the subscribers of your channel and here we're sending them to your website or to your funnel. So what we're essentially doing is we're breaking up into like a a cold traffic warm traffic and like hyper hot traffic and I would just targeting them specifically that way this was a very popular method on Facebook ads a while ago. It's still used to certain extent today.

But very very few people are using that in terms of YouTube ads, but in terms of a very cost-effective way of you getting your new video in front of people this first campaign you targeting the cold all the audiences with a video views campaign is a very cost-effective way of doing that. I'm going to show you how easy that is in just a couple of moments. So Darian has asked. Our video in C1 and the video seem too with different call to actually know the video in C2 is specifically saying hey, you've checked out one of my videos on X Y and Z if you like that video make sure you subscribe to my channel where I share a new video every single week or every single month every single day. Whatever the frequency is.

And on the channel is all about X Y and Z click the link below if you brought to the channel where you can subscribe straight away that the video is essentially that it's less than 30 seconds long, but it's a really good room because you're targeting the video viewers only of your previous video that worked really well. Hope that clears that up and then the third one is like is or more direct offer one now here. Here we can use the that are direct we can collect use a more direct version of the script that we create and chat gbt and in their bonus, I'll like I'll show I'll show you how to take the tree video to use chatibility to create three videos for this I can't do today in this Workshop, but I'll make sure it's in the bonus section and resource section when the recordings come out but like it's essentially what we're doing is we're using the first campaign just to get video views and this new video that we create it. So we're getting video views as quickly as possible. So I want to show you a live example of actually you actually setting this up because it is it's very very easy to set up.

So I want to show you exactly how we set this up right now. Soul just let me share my screen here and pull up my Google ads dashboard So it's just a dormant campaign that we have that I use for tutorials and stuff like that. And there's no Jasmine some campaigns in the past and here but I just use it for tutorials. We're gonna go here to create new campaign. I'm gonna go new campaign.

And we're gonna go create a campaign without goals guidance. Now if we go sales campaign or leads campaign it lock us into driving conversions, which is normally what we want to do, but we want to quickly when we want to create a super quick campaign where we can start getting video views and start getting traction as quickly as possible. We're going to use a different campaign strategy. So we're gonna go create a campaign without goals guidance. We're gonna create video here.

And these are some of the options that we have we're going to create custom video campaign. So we're gonna have to give a campaign a name. So normally I would like naming convention we would do is is like your initials the what we're doing so the promo that we're promoting so it might let's say we're calling like chat gbt. video promo the goal of the campaign here. It's just views.

And the date so three we'll just put in. 03 when you tree. And that's essentially it bid strategy here. We have two bit strategies. We have cost per view or Target CPM because we're a video of views campaign.

Now if we were doing a conversions campaign, we would have a Target cost per conversion or we would have maximized commercials maximize conversions. Well here we're just going to do maximum cost per view which we'll get to in a second campaign total or daily total. Let's say we just want to spend Less let's keep it low for a second. Let's say 10 dollars a day start date and date none. Here we want to turn off the video partner.

So when we're doing a video views campaign, we can turn off video Partners on Display Network when we're doing a conversions campaign. We cannot turn off the video Partners on display network, but we do have a workaround for that as well. Did we choose our country, which is our language. I'm going to leave the related videos off for now. I'm gonna click take off.

TV screens, which is normally what we do. I'm also going to do frequency capping. I'm not going to cap Impressions because we get charged based on views. We don't get charged based on Impressions, but I am going to crap cap views. I'm going to cap it to say one view per day or per week or per month.

Typically. We do one if we have a large we know we have a super large audience and a super large total addressable American we would do one pro one per day if we have a smaller total addressable Market, if you're dealing with more more of a defined Niche, maybe you're like dealing with local or you're dealing with them a very small market like me you're dealing with just a small pool of dentists or pool of orthodontist or cosmetic surgeons or whatever the case may be. We might limit it to one per week if I'm just gonna leave it at one per day now. And then add schedule if you know that people respond to certain times you can leave that but I usually just leave that blank tire pressure party measurement if you want to use that you can but again, we normally just leave that and AD group name this the ad group. I usually Call It Whatever audiences so let's say I'm going to Target like whatever our audience name is and say audience example.

one demographics choose your demographics. Let's say we're just targeting. and 35 to 6 to 264 and we don't want the lower 50% of household income. We only want to 50% of above audience segments. This is where we actually get to create our audience segment.

As you can see here. It says select audience segments to Define who you should see your ads. You can create new segments in the audience manager and so over here. We have the audience manager. And if you if you want to create like the audience is that we said, let's say, you know the inner Avatar we have the their five favorite books so we could create a an audience of People who are like purchase intentions around let's say what one of the books was.

I just pull it up here for a sick. I'm just on here. So okay, so Okay. So then in the I'm gonna actually go back to the problem where Avatar of the of relationship Ronda so From where Avatar their top five favorite books were the five love languages. So let me see the five long Love Languages by Gary Chapman.

So to take that go over here. so love languages Book, so that's a name people who have interests or purchase attentions. the five love languages by Gary Chapman now obviously Here we go. We know that in this statement. There's a hundred million to 500 million impressions gender 73% female age range aiding to 24 50% are manumps and the topics are romance fun.

Testing service family relationships one and trivia. So that's one audience that we could create now. I'm not going to create it here because it's just a dormant account we could do the exact same for the other one, which is The bridges cinematic The Bridges of Madison County and basically we're just going back to Chachi BT in the Avatar created and we create one added one audience for every single section. So one audience for each of the movies one audience for each of the books one audience for each of the websites one audience for each other the media influencers, and we end up with essentially 20 audiences that we can Target either collectively. All at once and Google will spread the budget amongst whichever responds the best or we can Target each one one audience per campaign.

Now if you wanted to get super granular, I would do one audience per campaign. But if you just wanted to get video views as quickly as possible and see which audience produces the best as quickly as possible. You could just lump them all into the one campaign either or but create ahead of time you could create these audiences and then you can Target them. Let's just assume That we didn't have them. We had them created here.

You can also search for audiences here. So let's say Romance novels So here we go in market for romance books and with let's just say this is just the one the one audience that we're targeting. I'll give you available Impressions 9.1 million 19.1 million available questions every single week and then we're not going to do any keywords if if we were doing A conversions campaign we can no longer do keywords topics or placements. But because we're doing a video of views campaign we can do these but we're not going to utilize them and just for this example here. We're just doing the audience's remember, so just go this is just an example video I have here it's not it's just a video just to show you how quickly this is and then we have We're going to do is skippable and stream and then here's where we this is where you have an option.

You can either send them to the video to watch the video. Or if you want them to that or you can send them to your funnel now in a video views campaign, depending on your overall strategy, obviously or overall goal is leads and sales. So you send them to your funnel. So whatever your funnel maybe let's say it was, you know, if I agency.com forward slash Atlanta, this is just a home page, but if it was a particular landing page and then we would have like E5 agency.com call to action. Let's say sign up.

And here what we can do is we have the display URL. We have a call to action seven to 10. We have a headline and the headline will be like, you know. click here now And in the bonus section, what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you how to use Chachi BT to actually create Google ad content. So like in terms of Google ads in terms of when we're doing skippable in-stream ads to get conversions.

We have to use a full headline. We have to use long description and we have to use with us a couple of descriptions and long headlines as well and we can actually train chgbt to take your avatar content and produce and Like produce copy that you can use when you're setting up your ad so you can use it yourself. Typically what we would normally do if we're driving them to believe page or landing page to where they register for a website webinar or download a lead magnet. We would typically use the headline and the topic of the the webinar whatever the case is as the headline in the descriptions, but we can also train chat gbt to produce this content as well if we want to similarly for AdWords as well. We can trainer to produce ads for AdWords.

And then we have or add one pretty much it there maximum cost per view. It says you can prove your campaigns potential each performance when using a bit of nine. I usually go one or two cents above what they recommend. Not $11 and 11 Cent. and And then we create create campaign and in the campaign is going to start it'll get approved pretty quickly because YouTube approves a lot quicker than Facebook and they they're not as compliant heavy as Facebook account shutdowns are pretty much and fewer between whereas on Facebook.

It's pretty much your problems like nearly every single week. It can be a nightmare we hit create campaign and that's our easy campaign. Created just like that using the video that we just created super simple to start getting video views and that campaign and driving people to your offers very very cost effectively with that one campaign, but that won't campaign is just a video of use campaign. The overall structure of creating full on YouTube ads is covered into YouTube ads magic workshop for people that are interested in getting access to that Workshop. Do send me an email after on John at E5 agency.com.

We can hook you up. We're getting access. We'll make sure we you get a good deal on that some people on this. I've already watched it if you have watched it. You've already got an access.

But like it's it's super easy to start getting views on the video. You just created you scripted a video. You would chat gbt you shot the video super easily either using AI or hopefully your shot at yourself. I've shown you a really easy method to do that. If edited very very easily and in minutes you can have that video up on YouTube getting you to getting new views getting you clicks to your website getting your clicks to your phone and that can be done very very easily and very cost effectively now we have to get to the full on Section of actually driving consistent predictable growth which a video ads and which a video content and that's part number five.

So let me share my screen and actually dive into that. So part number five share your videos part 2 this is that where we tap into full-on advertising architecture and optimizing YouTube ads now for anybody that has been through the YouTube ads Workshop. A lot of this will be familiar. And for those who haven't and Brace yourselves because we've got a lot of cover. We're gonna cover the campaign set up.

We're gonna cover optimization and we'll cover scaling. Hopefully this has been helpful so far. So let's the advertising act architecture structure is this is the structure that we would typically use our goal is going to be conversions example, we're looking for leads we're looking for signups and or we're looking for sales whatever the case may be the campaign type or goal type is going to be maximized conversions. The number of campaigns we're going to use is one in the past when we could still use keywords Topics in placements and everything else. We used to set up five campaigns, but we can no longer do that.

We can only use audiences in conversion campaigns. This was a big update which kind of a whole it was the catless for me putting together this whole training in the first place was to do an update for our YouTube ads magic people and this video is part of that. I mean like they like that dish are saying that's this video but they this shift going from like five campaigns one campaign and actually makes things so much easier because you don't have to create multiple campaigns anymore. But the notebook campaign is going to create is one just choose one of the audiences or like I said, if you want to lump them all together lump them all together. The audience is you set up is all Gummy based on the Avatar profiling that we did at a very very beginning sort of five favorite movies.

The five favorite books the five most visited websites and there are five their social media influencers. That's gonna be formed the basis of or targeting because we know that that's what they're interested in. That's what they're focusing on. That's what they're searching for and everything else. The number of AD groups we're gonna have is one.

The number of ads is really gonna be five or six. And again one thing I didn't cover is when we have our script you're gonna record your five hooks at the beginning with the script and then you're going to record the body section, which is the Engage educate and offer section and then you're going to edit them together one hook onto the body and then you end up with say if you do it all six hooks you end up with six videos. If you do Five Hooks you end up or five videos. If you do tree hooks you end up with tree videos. Typically, I remember no less than three at the beginning because it allows you to test effectively and then, you know, if you want to use all six you can as well.

Minimum daily budget recommended by Google is five times the 10 times your ideal cost per need or CPA. If you're not willing to pay more than say five dollars per lead. They recommend five times or 10 times a day, which would be 25 dollars a day or fifty dollars a day. If you're willing to pay a dollars a lead. It'll be 50 dollars a day or $100 a day.

Third. That's the recommended guidelines. Now, you can't get away with running this a smaller budget that but the results will be a lot slower to come. So we always recommend going with our ideal and recommended budget. The placement type is going to be skippable in stream video ads and our initial targets that we're looking for is at least a 20% view rate and a 2% click to rate.

Well a 20% view rate and 2% Click to rate or plan on what's going on here our plan on reworking the hooks are creative. So again, the audiences that we're creating are going to be either day Infinity's in Market audiences customer affinities customer real affinities custom intent or custom app affinity. These are the ones that you can create. I recommend starting with the the purchase intent ones around the Avatar and they're around the profile in terms of their favorite movies for every book social media influencers and everything else. So I recommend starting there but that Avatar profile that perfect Persona prompting profile it gives you so much information that like You can you you have a wealth of information when it comes to your audience.

These are extra ones that you can create as well. So like let's say let's give an example for like the infinity we can create an affinity audience for one of the books. We can create an in-market audience for the same book. We can keep create a keyword audience for the book. We if that book has a website.

We can create a website URL Affinity audience for that book. Like we can create a custom and 10 campaign for that book. And if that book has a related app, we can create an app Affinity audience as well for that book. So like we can get super super granny. You don't need to I just wanted to share some examples of what you could do.

If you want to get super ground you and go Hog Wild and create as many audiences as you can by all means do the more testing and audiences you do the better, but you'll have more fun just those initial 20 audiences based on their top five movies top five books top five websites top five social media influencers. So when we're doing a skippable in-stream ad we can't untick the video Partners on a display network, but I'll be showing you a workaround to that in a second and which is going to A pro tip which is excluding mobile apps and avoid wasted ad spend. So once you have your campaign set up you can go to exclusions on the on the underneath placements on the left hand side. Go to placements exclusions select exclude from account and add in mobile app category semicolon semicolon 69 500 as a placement exclusion. If any this is confusing and you're unsure how to do this and in the YouTube ads magic Workshop.

I show you how to do all of this. I also show you how to set up your conversions in the first place set up the audience's and set up a campaign from scratch. So don't worry about any of that. If you're unsure of we'll make sure we get you access to that if you need a little bit extra hand holding there. I remember to laser targets your demographics do honing on age range parents and they're like that the household income if you're selling something more than like a hundred dollars normally would recommend on taking the lower 50% If you're selling like low-end front-end products.

I don't mean low end in terms of quality, but lower end on the price price point lower price point products and you can leave that lower 50% ticked. Brought tip number seven is exclude these partner. So it's sides to avoid waste that ad spend again go to placement exclusions and select slew from account. These are two over 2000 websites that are used for display ads that we don't want to be running on from a YouTube ads point of view. Google have just lumped into the Display Network recently for conversion ads.

They're generally junk traffic and we generally just waste ad spend when we utilize them so we don't use them. So I have a list here of over 2,100 and exclusion lists to use. I'll make sure that you get access to that list as well. So you can add them as an exclusion list and pro tip number eight. Like I showed you when we're doing setup is we exclude TV screens and we include in better videos live streaming videos and games as well.

We do cap review frequency instead of impression frequency, whether it's and again, you could choose that depending on the size of your Market this example here. We do tree views per month, which is slightly less than one per week and a view is typically 30 seconds or longer or sometimes it's different between what campaign you choose, but typically it's that 30 seconds sometimes 15 seconds and Pro tip number 10, if shooting talking head style which is our most recommended which is essentially what I'm doing here. Once you've got some winning ones you can search you you can shoot your hooks in different locations. So inside at your it like at your computer at your kitchen outside walking in your care and you're sitting room or whatever the case may be. I want you find winning scripts based on what chat GB is produce.

You can test all scripts in different formats and present differently as well. So instead of you recording them, you can get like a spokesperson to record them. You could get a puppet to record them. You could get a AI to record them and test different AI models and everything else like we showed you in my pipio. That's after you found a winning one so not before so when it comes to optimization, where do we optimize when it comes to optimizing your YouTube campaigns?

The first question we ask is are we hitting our kpis if yes, we are hitting her kpis in terms of or ideal lead classes this or ideal sale cost. Is this or ideal? Or ideal, you know opt-in rate is this or whatever the case may be for hitting our kpis we move on to phase number three. So we skipped his face if we're not hitting our kpis we start with our creatives do we have less than the 20% view rate and less than a 2% clicker rate. If we do, we would normally rework her Hooks and reshoot our videos.

So we would either rework our hooks or ask gpg chat gbd to produce some more videos produce more videos scripts or whatever the case maybe and then we will reshoot them and re-upload them. This is obviously very advanced stuff. And this is very this can be like this is where we're looking to optimize and really scale out our campaigns. I wanted to cover this with you and give you a full growning of the overall picture like the main focus of this Workshop is to help you scripture videos super super quickly in mayor minutes. I'll just script the video with chat gbt how to shoot it very very effectively either using a camera or your phone camera or even using AI tools and how you can share with a very very straightforward and simple YouTube campaign.

This part five here is more of Deck YouTube campaign structure and optimization structure and scaling structure. You don't need this to start using description share process, but I wanted to give you this so you have the next steps when it comes to actually getting even better results, but what I'm sharing with you today, I hope that's clear. Um when it comes to digging into data and optimize Faith, this is where YouTube really excels ahead of Facebook. So I I like to say that YouTube is like a bonsai treated it needs pruning and Facebook is like a beast that just needs constantly feeding and pruning a bonsai tree It'll like wait YouTube we can really drill into areas like where our ads has showed what channels has been showed on what I'm what websites have been shown on if we were utilizing websites and so on and so forth, but if there's a certain channels that aren't performing. Well, we can turn them off after our ones our performing.

Well, maybe we can create an audience of those channels of that channel and Target that audience that channel and the audience specifically afterwards. So let's say if the the channel of the the expert that they follow let's say or the Avatar is following brene a brown maybe brene a brown has a really popular Channel and while we're doing conversion as we can Target that channel directly we can create an audience of people who are visiting that channel and Dan we can still Target. In a kind of like roundabout way. So we can dig into where the ads have shown we can dig into what audiences are performing better than others. Let's say or ideal cost per conversion is fifteen dollars.

We can turn off audiences that are performing above that or you know, typically what we do in terms of turning off audiences. If the audience is performing two times as spent two times or three times or a deal cost per lead or cost per conversion and has a generated a sale. We would normally turn it off if it's gotten conversions and starts to get out of our range typically. We would do like we like we essentially have to set our kpis at the beginning. So normally what we would do is that if our cost per lead is $15 and we're getting conversions and we go slightly above we would normally turn it off.

But if any time we go over say like a 60% above or ideal cost per lead. That's when we would start to turn off audiences as well. Obviously we can dig into our demographics and see what demographics are performing better noters. What household income was a performing better notice as well. Again.

This is all super advanced stuff. This is a necessary for you to get going with the scripture process again. I just wanted to share the full overall picture. So you're clear on what like eventually optimizing and scaling looks like for your business when it comes to running and YouTube ads and then when it comes to scaling our goal is to get first and foremost to get a thousand conversions or a thousand leads. And then what we do is we're gonna take our best campaign and our best creatives and then relaunch in new campaign based off of that's but our initial goal is to get a thousand conversions and that's that's typically like what the Google reps and the Google specialist say that in Google say in terms of how when the algorithm really starts to find its feet.

It doesn't necessarily mean that you're not going to be getting results until you get that you should be getting results pretty quickly or once you've everything set up correctly. But once you get a thousand perversions, this is where you can really start to to utilize and owner components of the Google ads into YouTube ads platform So when you have a winning campaign, do not break it usually it's best to never touch it unless you're just raising the budget pay attention to Google's limited by budget. And warning only when all of your other kpis are in favor, like they'll tell you to increase your budget if they think they're getting you good results regardless, if you're actually getting good results or not. So only pay attention to that when your kpis are in their favor when you have a winning campaign. When you want to make some changes you want to duplicate your winning campaign, then test any changes to ads copy audiences demographics Etc in a sandbox Campaign, which is a secondary campaign.

So you're not breaking what's working. Hopefully that makes sense and then use once you're scaling past the Thousand conversions start to tap into Google's Arsenal. You can start to unlock more scale and winning campaigns by each introducing Google display Google explain Network retargeting ad specific videos specific retargeting YouTube channel retargeting Gmail retargeting more even bringing in like things like Facebook retargeting as well. It opens up so much possibility for you. So now we're into part number six, which is the do's and don'ts of chachability of AI and I've running video ads and creating video content and everything else in between so some do's and don'ts tips and tricks resources and then we'll get to some Q&amp;A so some do's and don'ts tips and tricks.

First of all, please please do use what you've learned today do start leveraging Ai and you in your business because it's a game changer. You've seen what I've shown you and I'm gonna go back and just do a bit of a recap and a section just to reiterate how powerful this is do apply to perfect performance prompting in other areas of your business, which I'll give you some examples for in a second don't expect things to be perfect. Don't afraid don't be afraid to train cat gbt yourself and do not wait to take action on this now is the prime opportunity to take action on everything on this. So we'll get to questions in a section now was the time to take action. What I want to do is just to share some extra tips and tricks.

We'll chat gbt. You can really level up your game as well this some of this is just very very simple. To allow you to tink a little bit differently how powerful this is. There's a lot of different prompts out there the minute and some of them like I said are very very good. Some of them are.

Okay. I like to keep things simple. I don't want to be bombarded with thousands of prompts hundreds of problems even dozens of prompts. I'm happy if I just used those three prompts, but there are some extra pumps that I want to share with you. That can help you just leverage chapter gbt in a in a more structured and strategic way.

So I want to jump stop sharing for a second. And before I share chat CBT again can people just let me know in the chat has this been a good Workshop? Have you gotten value from this? If you gotten value from this, let me know on the Q&amp;A section here. Just let me know if this has been valuable if you've learned something that you're going to utilize in your business.

If this is going to make your business easier is this is gonna allow you to create videos faster. This is gonna allow you to start leveraging AI in chat gbt in a way that you maybe haven't been leveraging already if it has been and if it's been useful, please let me know when to into Q&amp;A section. So I know that this has been good for you. today Absolutely. Yes value.

Thank you so much guys, and thanks for letting me know and so let me just jump back here to Chachi BT. Okay. Okay, let me just share my screen. Where are we here we go. So just to recap what we did is we taken just three prompts just it's three very very in-depth admittedly prompts.

But again, I'm going to give you these prompts exactly so you can take them yourself first one which was to get the the perfect Persona prompting the person perfect Persona prompt which would say like create super in-depth ones. Now what we actually did just to clarify is We produce five levels of awareness so five different avatars, but we only produced a diary for the problem aware Avatar. We haven't produced a diary for the other four avatars so we can ask chetubity to do that as well. secondly We also haven't produced a video ad for any other adverters. We've only produced a video for the problem aware Avatar.

As you can see here. Where we here so like you to do now rewrite. So this video script here is just for the problem aware Avatar. It's not for the other one so we can ask it to create. Videos for the other avatars in the other levels of awareness.

So that's one thing I want to recommend. So this is just so this allow you to start so I end up you could end up with five video scripts that ends up with 25 videos targeting all levels of awareness and all of the hooks that will are six if you include a six hooks so 30 videos if you wanted to get super granular now at the beginning, I don't recommend you doing that. Typically we would normally start with the problem aware Avatar. And or like the the most aware Avatar if you have them in your space, I mean like like most away and most aware in terms of their wants the desires not necessarily the most awaren terms of your product and the solution that you're providing, but typically we will start with the problem wherever because they can be the the ones that produce the strongest results all levels of awareness can produce results. But typically when we're starting with the unaware Avatar, we have to work that little bit harder in terms of the length of our funnel the length of our sales process because we have to educate them that a little bit more we have to bring them up to speed that a little bit more but it can be done for every single stage.

But normally we will start with the problem aware now, I want to share a couple of extra prompts. So one of them is that you can say simply. rewrite this script further Avatar whatever the other advert areas. So let's say we want to say and we wanted to rewrite it for the unaware Avatar. So we well let's let's keep it a little bit simpler now for now.

So rewrite this script. with a more direct tone and it's just going to start producing it. And as you can see, this is it. Writing the script in real time based on everything I've fed it in before. As you can see it's pretty freaking fast.

It's right in copy like really fast. and This is a more direct tone. So it's probably going to be a little bit. Obviously, it's going to be a little bit more direct so we might have to do a little bit more editing here. But this is I want just give you an example of how quickly it produces a script now chatting bt4 is a little bit slower to catchy be Tea Tree by five, but I feel the results of that much better.

So I'm okay waiting for it. So we'll just let it do it's thing here. And then we'll go on to a couple of other examples strips for example prompt. Sorry. It's just doing this thing.

And I'm not typing in here. This is chat gbt producing the script based on the Avatar based on my advertising architecture and based on that diary prompt as well. And it's pretty good again. Somebody's it's never sometimes it's not going to be perfect. And if it's not perfect we can ask for clarification.

Just let it finish there. So this is a more direct version of The Script. So another thing where we could do is if we had it if we already had a winning video ad script or sells either one that we created ourselves in the past or one that we'd like from someone else or one that chat chupiti created. It turned out to be a winner. We can actually leverage that winning script and ask it to create variations of it.

So let's say we copy let's say this was a winning script. Just the easiest thing we'll just use this for example now. We just copy this. this is a winning video ad script which whole shift and press enter to bring to do another line. We're going to paste it, you know the shift and enter again.

and lies this analysis. No, we don't want analysis. We want analyze. analyze this script for tone structure or Expressiveness, which I can never spell I spell that right. I think it.

bone structure persuasiveness Style and and while to desire profile ratio so we can ask it to analyze. The tone of the script is conversational friendly persuasive rate effectively communicates empathy with a viewer struggles and conveys a genuine desire to help them overcome their challenges structure the script follows a clear instruction format with the interrupt engage educate conversations former effectively grabs. Our viewers attention showcases Authority produces valuable provides valuable content planning, which is the offer space descriptors persuasive as it uses. A mix of hooks into interrupt states such as paint pleasure curiosity. It connects with the viewers emotions addresses or problems around frustrations, testimonials credibility social groups and program script maintains a conversational style and make it easy.

You could a viewer to connect with the speaker. The language is simple and easy to understand making me contact accessible to a wide audience paying profile to desire for racial script strikes a good balance between addressing the pain points and presenting views desires discuss this tree common problems face a professional women or love life and offer solutions to those problems. By addressing more pain and desires of script is able to create a strong emotional connection to viewer making more likely to be instantly offer overall script as well written cheaper score blah. torn structure and say some ad script now let's get a little bit creative because Chat gbt so you create a different campaign for each Avatar. Yes, Scott you can do.

You can do but you don't necessarily have to. Until he says stop giving away all this s*** for $49. No problem, Teddy. So here's an extra prompt that we can use that for anybody who is a fan of the harman Brothers is gonna love this script so we can get chat chubby teach create a video ad script in the same. Our torn as the Hammond Brothers so our offer is the relationship.

accelerator targeted so write a fit 500 word video ad script for the relationship accelerator targeting the problem where Avatar and a similar style and tone as the hammer brothers. So if anybody who's not familiar with the hamburgers, they're the ones who create all The Squatty Potty ads the ads for the The Click funnels used to create the the guy selling Squirrel Court naked squirrel portraits or something my dad and he was on you know that crazy funny other click phones had and they don't like like I said The Squatty Potty and loads of other stuff that just like their ads go viral also the Dollar Shave Club as well. So write a 500 word video ask your for the relationship accelerator turning the problem where Avatar and similar style and tone is the Hammond Brothers script is intended to be humorous and entertaining so really go wild here don't mention their level awareness in the script and don't mention the Hammond Brothers are introduced them at all now. When we're using this prompt and again, this is just where we're having a little bit of fun to see what other kind of videos we can produce not every offer is going to be suitable for this. I mean like I don't I'm not sure I'm not used this for this at all this particular offer like a relationship offer.

It's obviously in a somewhat Niche area and it could be very delicate topic as well from an emotional topic, but let's just see what it produces. And again, it's still following my advertising architecture structure. Seen opens with a woman singing on a couch looking lonely and surrounded by her impressive career achievements meet Susan a successful career woman with a Lonely Heart. She has everything she's ever wanted. Well almost everything Susan sighs.

I just wish I could find the right person to share all the success with engage stage narrator. Don't worry Susan. I'm relationship Rhonda and I'm here to help you find your perfect partner with whatever kind program relationship accelerator seeing costs of relationship run addresses a superhero striking a power poles the Raider with a decade of experience and I've helped thousands of professional women just fine true love without ever sacrificing their careers. Let's get your love life on the fast track educate stage scene ships a relationship run in front of her classroom setting with a chalkboard narrator. Let's first address some problems that might be holding you back from finding love seeing shows animated choke drawings Illustrated each problem and solution problem one blah blah, you're swiping through dating apps like a maniac but can't find anyone to understand your career demands solution.

We'll teach you to recognize the key traits and potential partners and Signal compatibility and shared values problem. Life bounces the stable as a unicycle and a title solution or program helps you develop strategies to balance your career and love life effectively. So you won't have to choose between the two problem you're afraid of opening up and being vulnerable in relationships solution. Our expert guidance will help you build emotional intelligence communication skills, so you can create deeper connections with confidence scene shifts back to relationship Ronda who's now holding a remote control radar now, let's put the relationship accelerator to the test. Same shows relationship run depressing a building on the remote control and a fast-paced montage begins watch your Susan learns the secrets to finding her perfect partner.

She's attending our expert guided workshops practicing a new communication skills and wait for it. She's even going on dates same show Susan going on a season a series of successful dates laughing and connecting with her Partners. Look at her now. She's transformed from a Lonely Heart To A Love magnet. Opera stage ready to rev up your own little life.

It's time to hit the gas in your journey to finding true love without sacrificing your career scene show Susan now and loving relationship sitting on the couch with her partner and celebrating a promotion narrator. Click on the link below to get instant access to relationship accelerator program. I join around successful woman who found love and happiness same face with screen with the program Logan called action. Don't wait another day. It's time to put your love life in the fast lane with the relationship accelerator.

Pretty cool video ad script created in the voice and tone of the hammer Brothers, right? Pretty cool, right but there's more we can we can get creative again. I like to use and when I've been using is Gary Halbert So if Gary Hubert was to write a video at script. I would do it Gary if anybody who doesn't know Gary Hubbard was shame on you, but he was one of the most famous and most successful copyrighters of all time. Let's see what Gary produces.

Gary's copy was extremely extremely conversational and this is and like very use a lot of colloquialism colloquial language and everything else and this is coming across here and jachi Beauty as well. It's definitely picking up on somebody tones of Gary not exactly like how Gary would like it but it's definitely in the tone and the style of how Gary Howard would write some copies so pretty pretty cool. Just gonna let that run there. But I hope you see how powerful this can be and like you can really get creative with this. Like if you go back to like if you go back up to the like the Avatar in terms of like they're influencers.

Like we can ask where we are here. to get their top five relevant social media influencers, so we could we could get chat gbt to write the video ad as if it was coming from one or all of the top five influencers. So in the language that Brenna Brown might use for example or the language that Gary vaynerchuk might use or the language that XYZ might use we can use chatibility to produce that type of content and I can produce ads that if you wanted to do full-on Productions, but multiple scenes and and like multiple like a full-on storyboard. It'll allow you to do that. You can get super super creative.

This is the power of utilizing AI to handle your the coming up with ideas and coming up with the creation of your video scripts of your video content and so on and so forth and some other things that we can do before we start wrapping up and into the Q&amp;A section. Just let this Finish here is we can start to use it to produce other ideas for video content. So to finish there. Again, this is a really strong video ad script complete with scenes narrators and everything else that we want to do a full arm production in the tone and style of Gary Halbert extremely extremely powerful. So now what we're going to do is we're going to take our diary entry.

from here This is our diary entry from earlier on. We're going to go down here. This is the problem where's avatars diary paste it in there. So to take out this section up here. based on this diary entry give me three.

you're actually trying 65. Give me 30. video title ideas Now I'm not gonna let it go through full 30 but like you can see how you can set leveraging this. It's gonna analyze the diary that are created based on the avatar from the perfect Persona prompt and that's gonna give you 30 video title ideas that then I'm just not gonna do all 13. I'm gonna do one more.

I'm sorry, so we learned to five so breaking the cycle how to overcome loneliness and find true love the Journey To Love embracing vulnerability on teticity the fear of being alone how to conquer it an attract. Your perfect partner love is out there prove a strategies defining your soulmate transforming your love life how to attract and keep the right partner. Let's say we take the first one. and here is the first video title Right a 500 word. video script for this title use the interrupt engage educate offer format So you could do that for every one of the videos and it's going to start producing videos based on the best and most compelling titles that are high on emotional logic driven copy without the hyperball orphery and puff free copy.

So no while sales claims no hyperbolic claims, no crazy nonsense reducing copy and producing Frameworks and scripts for videos that you can start producing answer utilizing. In your campaigns in your videos as in your content on your social media if you want to if you like, but you can say advertising these using the exact process I shared with you. I'm not gonna have it generate the full thing. You can see how powerful this stuff is. This stuff is crazy crazy good AI is here to stay AI is the game changer that you've been looking for in your business.

I hope you start utilizing what I shared with you today in this scripture share Workshop. I've absolutely love sharing with you. We have some time for questions. So if there's any questions, please I put them in the Q&amp;A and Start using this this is really powerful Now's the Time sir capitalizing on this thing. Now's the Time to start leveraging this and now is the time for you to start utilizing air in your business use my prompts prescripting out your videos use my methods for shooting those videos use my methods for editing them and use my met for sharing them.

You'll be getting more eyeballs on your offers. You'll be getting more people to your website. You've been getting more people to your funnels and you'll be growing your business in a way that's leveraging AI in a way that's different and a lot of other people are using and using in the way that I feel like should be used. So if you have any questions do let me know. And I don't get how you edit your face in the video mistake.

When can we get access to document with the prompts? It looks like you just removed that section. Okay, let's go back over here. So we'll start with Scott. So you create a different campaign for each Avatar.

Yes, I think answer that already scared. But yes you do if you want to you don't have to not like I said normally was there a problem aware. I don't care how you edit your face in the video mistake. Here I'll cover that again in a sec. I'm so essentially what we're doing is we're looking in the the decantisia section here and in the audio section of the video.

You're gonna hear yourself when you're listening back say do over when you hear do over. You know, that that's the point in the video that you're supposed to edit. So that's the point that you cut out so you cut out that section and it's just simplifies and optimizes how you edit a video so you don't have to listen to the whole video true. You're looking for the audio Spike of the do-over. So if I go back here and share my screen quickly.

I just do some undo's here. or do move new split I'm pretty sure it's just here. so in this section here if I zoom in This section this I'm looking for this wave section here. This wave section is me saying do over? So when I say when I see this wave section I can skim across the audio file in the video for this Spike and this Spike.

It's always going to have that same Spike. It's like a it's like a cliff Edge. And when I look for see that Cliff Edge, I know that says do over and like as I'm heading in a video I can just scan skim across I see it here. I know I have to remove this section and go on to the next portion. Simply don't just like that.

So that's essentially what we do. I hope that that clears it up like the the process spread any video. I mean like you don't have to use that minute. It just makes it so much easier. And where will we get access to the document with the prompts?

So Darien that will still be sent out with the with the recording. So that later be to tomorrow as soon as we get the recording Zone. We'll be sending them out. We're gonna send it out all at once and it will be editing it up into different modules and putting into a membership portal and everything else. But the beginning we're just gonna send out the whole thing.

I will send out the prompts file with that as well. Problem so we can access these Have you shared a doc with us? And I miss it Richard. Like I just cover will be sharing the prompts in when we send out the recording in Albania document and you'll get access to it in a document in as well when we send out a recordings. But if you remove the video section, that isn't doing it over it's only removing it.

No, you're saying like you. Okay. So Lee so when you're saying do over said let yourself know when you're editing that you're doing it over and that do over is just a think of it like in the movies where to have that the panel that claps down. It's essentially like using one of those by saying do over it's a it's a prompt for you when you're editing the video as you're going along you see that do over a section, you know, you edit it out because because when you're recording the video when you say do over what you do after that is you scroll back to the previous paragraph and you record a game And it's just so like you're reading you're reading the paragraph. And you make a mistake.

You say do over you scroll back you record directly from now without stopping and starting the video you do it seamlessly and then when you're editing the video you're looking for to do over spikes in the audio file and that just allows you to edit a video quicker. Hope that makes sense. so, um guys, I hope you enjoyed the description share Workshop. We hope you gotten value from it. Like I said Chachi BT is is insanely powerful once you use it the right way.

I'm pretty confident. Once you use it using my tree prompts that I've started to develop and the other extra prompts that I shared with you. You'll start to get some insane results in terms of being able to script videos and seconds shoot them in minutes and have them shoot being able to share them with a simple YouTube ads campaign the executing you view start getting you clicks traffic and conversions to your funnels to your offers to your websites and more but the important thing to do is to go out there and take action on what you've learned today to go out there and take action on what I've shared with you. If you don't have a chat gbt account go get one. I would highly recommend you sign up for the Plus Account as well.

So you have access to it at all times that leveraging these prompts. They're creating video content that's gonna drive your Market wild with excitement that you're gonna be to help person. I can finally help them solve their problem help them achieve their goal and everything else in between. Hopefully you've gotten value from this. and thanks for an amazing training.

What's my Ig? I think you mean Instagram. I not too active on Instagram, but you can find me if you look for John Murray or Murray John. But yeah, thanks so much guys. And like I said, the recording will be out in the next couple of days along with the prompts and then after that once we get to initially recording out in the prompts, I'll work on some of the bonuses and everything else.

Hope it's been valuable speak to you soon. And yeah go use yourself because it's super powerful. This is Gonna Change the game. It's gonna level the playing field and now now is the time to take action. Thank you so much and I'll speak to you soon.

Oh.
