---
title: "Tech 2021-11-19 16:58:31"
date: 2021-11-19
duration: 1h 8m
duration_seconds: 4131
vimeo_id: 647850789
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-11-19 16:58:31

**Date:** 2021-11-19 | **Duration:** 1h 8m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, Samuel.

Hey, how's it going? Yeah, Barry. Doing good. Good. So, I think you're working on a crypto project.

Yes. So, I created a course and, you know, it's a beginner crypto course. You know, I guess kind of rebranded to the ultimate beginner crypto course, but the, I guess the main point is that I'm trying to find a primary promise and I'm not exactly sure because I have a lot of vague things that people might want. I have anything specific, like, you know, make this amount of money so that you can do this, you know, it just might be like, you know, well, we know you want to learn more about it. You know, that was kind of my initial thing.

Like, people want to learn about it. So, here's a product that helps you learn about it. Gotcha. So, have you gone through the examination stage yet and kind of, like, looked at the market, seeing what other offers are out there, figured out, like, you know, because, I mean, there's, obviously, it's a huge market. There's a ton of different segments you could go after, from millennials to boomers or everything in between, right?

It sounds like you're looking for kind of the least aware segment of the market, like, people that are completely clueless and have barely know what Bitcoin is, right? And so, I guess, you know, and to some degree, like, that's potentially the thing to think through, right? Because from a fundamental standpoint, if somebody just wants to go buy Bitcoin, three steps, right? Go download Coinbase, set up an account, press buy. Like, that's not going to do them any good, necessarily.

They now own some Bitcoin, but, you know, they're not going to know what to do with it or how long to hold on to it, what to do when it crashes, like, all that kind of stuff. So, I guess part of it is, I would say that part of it is, and we can talk about this in depth, right? Like, but, because this is my passion, like, I'm looking at all my screens right now, glad everything's up again today, been buying this dip like crazy, like, it's all good for me. But, so, you know, thinking through, like, what is it, when you say, what is it that they really want? So, first of all, putting aside what you've already created, right?

Because a lot of times what we do is we create a course or a program and then try to figure out how to sell what we created instead of figuring out what does the market need and what do I need to deliver, what do I need to create to meet that need? It's kind of a different thing, right? So, so, so kind of flushing that out. Let me do this. Let me, let me, let me just help Edward real quick because he's actually overseas.

It's like midnight for him in Asia and then you're the only other one on the call. So, provided nobody else hops on, we can stay on for the next two hours flushing, flushing stuff out if we need to. All right. All right. Cool.

What's up, Edward? Hey, man. Thanks again for replying just in time, just in the nick of time. We, we found the perfect solution. Thank God for that.

But I was just wondering, just a couple of questions to follow up on that. Have you guys been experiencing this too with the increased bounce rates or is it more of like our audience thing because we have more at Yahoo emails? Yeah, it's definitely everybody. But yeah, like I think we've got a total of 10,000 Yahoo emails and maybe a thousand of them are actually even active that we're actually mailing. So, it's not a big impact for us.

You know, we got, we got the typical infusion email. The other deliverability, you know, fell out the form thing the other day. For us, it was about Microsoft emails, actually. So, I purchased a bunch of Microsoft stuff because our spam rates were, complaint rates were high there. Probably a bunch of bogus emails that got created.

Who knows? But the same thing. It's pretty small. I like, you know, 60, 70% of our list is Gmail. So, okay, that's great.

And it really got me thinking if we were to migrate, which would be the best alternative CRM you would actually go for other than, you know, infusion soft? To keep functionality on par. Well, it depends, right? So, it depends on what level of functionality you want. So, the problem is with most of the other ones, right, ActiveCampaign, ConvertKit, Drip, all those guys, none of them really allow you to track sales activity, right?

So, you don't have the order history tied to the contact. You might have custom fields that you can populate with how much they ordered and all that kind of stuff, but you can't go in and really see the order history, that kind of thing. So, and, you know, if you're doing your checkouts through infusion, you're using infusion merchant accounts, and you're running subscriptions through infusion, and all that kind of stuff. So, first of all, it's a hassle to move, right? Like, especially if you've got subscriptions, right?

You can't really move subscriptions. You can't export people's credit card numbers. You can't send them up anywhere else. So, it's a big hassle. But from just, so if you just wanted to do just straight emailing and simple campaigns and things like that, I'd say probably ActiveCampaign is probably the closest second bet.

That's personally, I mean, that's personally where our backup is, is ActiveCampaign. And, yeah, I was wondering if we were to, let's say, God forbid, Black Friday comes and we get hit with those, that thing again, that notice again, and we just have to put all of our emails alternatively on ActiveCampaign, would that take some time? Because we, it's not really like an instantaneous process, right? Especially with our list, we have around 300,000. Typically, a list of that size, we have to talk to our sales team.

Is that correct? Before opening an account? Yeah, typically, you would have to do it. So, what I would do, what I would start doing, two things I would do. Number one, I would set up a Zapier now, so that anytime a new contact is created in infusion, it also gets created in ActiveCampaign, one by one.

And then set up another Zap that, like, when you apply a certain tag in infusion, such as, you know, send an ActiveCampaign, it's like a trigger tag, that creates a contact in ActiveCampaign. And then I would, like, you know, 100 or 1,000 at a time, kind of run those batches and start sending stuff over, you know, little by little in small batches. That's, that's, that's the best way to do it. There's another kind of hacky way to do it, which, which technically looks better, which would be to, and again, you'd still kind of do it in batches. But there's a way to, you know, create an opt-in form in ActiveCampaign.

And then in infusion kind of set up a campaign flow with an HTTP post that kind of posts the data to that ActiveCampaign opt-in form. So ActiveCampaign will think that they actually fill out the form, although they really didn't. But to some degree, that looks a little bit better than, than everybody showing up in ActiveCampaign through API. But I, and I don't know how religious ActiveCampaign is on compliance. Like, we haven't really, we haven't sent a lot through there.

Like I said, we're building the list just so we have it. And frankly, we're only putting buyers in there. Um, that's all, that's the only of us we're moving over at the moment, but, um, yeah, it doesn't hurt to start doing that and, and having a back and forth. So is there any inherent risk if, if we are to just, you know, migrate all of a sudden, all 300,000 contacts and send them a broadcast email with that? If it's, if the, if the from address is the same address, well, I wouldn't migrate all 300,000 that, that, that'll certainly trigger flags.

Possibly. Um, but, and, and you would definitely want to talk to them before you, I mean, look, they'll be happy to, they'll be happy to hear that you're migrating to some degree. Uh, so, you know, like, it's not a bad thing for them, especially if you're going to be paying, but that's the other thing is like, do you really want to pay for all of those contacts in a backup system or do you only want the most important ones like buyers or, or prospects? I don't know, whichever, whichever you feel is going to be most important. Right.

But, um, but I would start like, I would start with engagement, you know, people that have engaged in the 90 days. Those are the people I would want moved over primarily, uh, and then think about the older, older ones later. Um, I'm trying to think if there's, but yeah, if you're mailing from the same from address, even though it's coming out from a different set of servers, shouldn't be a huge deliverability impact. Got it. Cool.

Um, so there's, because from the same app address, we're essentially leveraging the same email reputation that address has, right? To some degree. Yeah. So it depends. The problem is it depends on the ESP, right?

So like, you know, Gmail and Google, for instance, they don't care about like what IP address it was sent from or any of that kind of stuff. They care, uh, they care about, does this person have a, have a relationship with you and are they opening and clicking your emails? Right. And so they're looking at it on a case by case basis. And if, you know, person a is super active and opening your stuff, your stuff goes to the inbox.

If, if they're not as active with you or whatever, it might go to promotions or it might go to spam, right? All from the same email address, all sent from the same server. It's just how Gmail is tracking that reputation. That's part of why, you know, especially for, for Gmail, for instance, and in most cases for all of them, like the more you can get people to reply to an email early on in their relationship with you, the more that establishes, like, this is a, this is a real connection. And these people are, are talking, right?

Again, like we talked about last time, like the more it mimics real human interaction, the better. Um, now the other ISPs like Yahoo and MSN and those guys, uh, I don't personally know the exact specifics of which ones are looking at IP addresses versus behavior. Eventually they're all going to look at behavior. Um, but you know, it might be worth it to set up a call with, with Adrian. Um, I mean, he's a super nice guy.

His rates are ridiculously cheap. Uh, he might be super busy right now with everything going on with the Yahoo thing, but, um, you know,
certainly worth talking to either him or Evan Samarin, who's kind of his partner, uh, like they, they know this stuff kind of inside out cold. Um, I can probably, probably guide you the best on expect, you know, like I said, it's a lot, a lot of your list is Yahoo. That's a whole different case study than most people over here where a lot of lists is, is Gmail. Got it.

Cool. And then one last question I actually have as well, Teddy, do you know, if there's any way we can actually
check the email, the quote unquote email reputation from an ad address as to whether
or not it lands on like this spam email or there's a high likelihood that, uh, yeah, there's a couple,
there's a couple of tools. I don't have them off the top of my head. Uh, so MX toolbox, here, MX toolbox, basically we'll check, first of all, if things are configured
properly, like your SPF records, your DKIM records, all that kind of stuff. Um, I think email reach.

So we just insert our domain in here, right? And then it can, yeah, it'll kind of run a bunch of tests. Uh, you want to look for like real errors, not, not more, you know, there's depending, depending on what comes up. Uh, and again, that's where somebody like, uh, whatchamacallit.com. Uh, actually, you know, another good person to talk to, you know, Jonathan Drake at all?

No. Okay. Is he in our tribe? Uh, I think he's in, he should be in the E5 Facebook group. Um, Jonathan Drake.

Yeah. So kind of reach, you can talk, he's really good at all that is the stuff configured. Right. And, and that kind of stuff and knows deliverability, uh, very well. Also just not, I would say, I would say Adrian and Evan know Infusionsoft, like really well.

Um, he does too, but, uh, let's see. Warm up service, rocket reach, clever reach. I'll have to, uh, let me, let me go back through my, my list tools, but yeah, there, there are definitely some inbox placement tools. That'll basically what you do is you set up a, a list of like seed addresses in your, in your contact database. Yeah.

So their, their, their own addresses, and then they will monitor those addresses and see what, where the email landed, did it land in the inbox and spam and the promotions folder, that kind of thing. Um, so, I mean, it would give you some sense again, like for Google stuff, it may or may not be relevant. Like if the, cause each person's individualized, but for the MSNs and, you know, everything's going to spam and Yahoo or something like that, then you don't want to know that, but, um, cool. All right, then thanks again, Teddy. All right.

Talk soon. All right. Uh, let me just make a note. Okay, cool. All right.

So yeah, just me and you, man. Cool. Um, so yeah, so like that's, so let's kind of just talk. So first of all, like which part of the market do you think you want to serve? So initially when I decided I really wanted to sell, I wanted to do like older people because
I figured they might not know what to do.

They might be a little hesitant and they might really just want something to go through the
steps in easy to understand language so that they can understand it and know what they're
doing. So I think my main thing is like people who haven't invested yet, you know, they're, they're actually
doing something right because you haven't made them the biggest mistake, which is investing in
something you don't understand. So this is there to help you get that understanding so you can start investing. So I was looking at like older people, like older than me. So like generation X, which is maybe like 45 to 60 or something like that.

But you know, then again, there could be some millennials like myself who are still trying to learn. Right. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's kind of a, it's kind of a mix. I would actually say that potentially the, the 40 to 60 market may be the most educated
about it.

Maybe. I don't know that for sure. Like, but you know, I certainly fall into that market. And, and the reason I say that is because the 40 to 60 market is probably the, the, the people
that are, that already have investments. Right.

Like, and, you know, so millennials, you know, they may have opened a Robinhood account, but
they haven't been there investing long in stocks or options or, or any of like, so they may
not really fully understand investing yet to them. This is just kind of like a video game kind of gambling kind of thing. Right. On the flip side, the, the boomers, you know, like let's call them 65 plus, right. They're in, they're in retirement phase.

They want income streams. They don't want volatility. Like it's just not a game that they, they're, you know. They're living on a razor's edge already. And so for them, this is, I'd say a lot of them are going to view this as super risky,
especially if they don't understand it.

And especially when they keep hearing, you know, when, when all the FUD is about crime
and volatility and China and like, you know, all the stuff surrounding crypto that's going
to scare a lot of them off. It doesn't mean there's a segment there that wants to learn. I just don't know how big that segment it's going to be. And, you know, and, and they're also not looking like, look for people like me and you,
and certainly people under 50, like this is a chance to build generational wealth for people
over 65, 70. Like that time has passed for them.

I'm not, not saying they can't still and potentially build something for their grandkids, but I would
say that they may be more likely to like, how do I buy Bitcoin for my grandkids? Then how do I buy Bitcoin for myself? Right. Which may be an angle to take, right. That could be a potentially, you know, how to, how to build, how to build generational wealth
for, for your kids and grandkids, as opposed to themselves.

That's potentially an angle that I think might be interesting that probably not a lot of people
are talking about and would, would differentiate you if you want to go after that. Um, and I'm just spitballing here, man. So like, don't take any of this as gospel. I'm just going by like my assumptions of what I know about people and what I know about this
market and this world. Um, maybe right.

Yeah. The only way to know is to test. Right. So at the end of the day, that's all we can ever do is kind of come up with some ideas,
get them out as quickly as possible and a minimum viable funnel and test it and see what
happens. Um, but like I did have a, so, and, and the reason I have a little bit of, like I had a
Bitcoin, I think I own Bitcoin investment, one-on-one.com or something like that, Bitcoin
investing one-on-one, something like that.

Um, and so I, I ran an offer about two years ago, uh, when we were kind of in, in the mania
phase, uh, and it was like, you know, it was a bunch of PLR stuff on, on Bitcoin investing,
very simple course. Um, and it did all right. Like I was advertising on AdWords before they, that's the other thing, right? Like, you gotta be careful how you position it because not everybody's going to let you
advertise crypto stuff. Um, and so, but I wasn't able to, and granted, I didn't put a whole lot of effort into it.

Um, but I wasn't able to make the math work on that. Right. It was, I think I was selling the course for, you know, 20 bucks or something like
that. Um, and that wasn't covering the ad costs and I had no backend at the time. So that's the other part is like, you know, what, what do you envision?

Then you're like, you envision that you just want to generate leads and then you're going
to make money off referring them to a platform and getting the affiliate commissions or referring
them to other coaching programs. Um, and like it's an affiliate model or you're going to build out a library of courses and
training, or. Yeah. I think one of my goal would be to have like a big library of, of courses. Um, so I actually am in the process of creating a guide.

It's called get started in crypto in less than 24 hours. So I think that could be something that people might want as well. Cause I, you know, I've been talking to people and they've been saying, what do I do? How much money do I put in there? What's a good amount to start?

So just a quick start guide, I think could be something that people want. Um, so, so let me ask, so this is the, this is the key thing that like, and you just kind
of joined, you just started in the program, right? Yeah. Okay. So, so as you go through more of the content and kind of work more with Michael, like you're
going to, you're going to hear and learn about this thing called the, the categorical imperative,
right.

Which is basically means like, if I came to your page and I saw, you know, how to get
started in crypto in 24 hours or less, right. Can I go to Google and type how to get started in crypto and find a bunch of free stuff saying
the same thing, right? You got to have, it's got to be different, right? I can't, whatever you present to me, it can't be something I can go Google and find for free
on Google or YouTube. Right.

And everyone can go to YouTube and be like, how do you, there's, there's a start beginner
video for, for crypto. There's billions of them on YouTube. Most of them suck. Most of them are bad advice. Right.

And so that's what we got to find for you. Like, what is something that's more like, so, and so part of that is like, is there anything
different, unique or special that you would tell me about how to get started in crypto? That is not what everybody else is telling me or not what I'm going to find in a Google
search. So I, so one of my perceptions, like, I think a lot of people might be kind of promoting
like these, these quick gains in a short amount of time, you know, like the poo coins out there. So that was kind of like my hedge against that.

You know, I saw a lot of people promoting like the doges and the Shibas, and that's not
something that I was into. You know, I think if you get the fundamentals over time, it's going to be a lot better. No, that's not like the flashy thing that everybody wants, but I, you know, that's just,
you know, my message to people and, and, you know, I'm hopefully trying to get that message
out and hopefully people are buying. Like, like, here's a perfect example. Actually, have you seen the, uh, the, the crypto underground offer that just went live?

Crypto? I don't think so. Hang on one second. Like, like, literally just went live last night. I think, uh, it's, it's a pretty, pretty, um, is this somebody in E5?

Uh, no, this is, this is a JV zoo offer, but like, this is, so again, this is being, this
is being marketed primarily to, to marketers per se. Um, but I just want to show you, share my screen, send you the link to it as well. Um, and this isn't great, but it's better than most that I've seen. Right. So, so check out my brand new underground crypto method for finding hot tokens before they go
mainstream for a hundred X profits and low starting investments.

Right. So when you think of a primary promise, like that's his promise, right? I'm going to teach you how to find the hot tokens before they go mainstream that could
go a hundred X with a limited investment. Like, so that's, that's a pretty strong promise. Whether he can deliver is a different thing.

Right. But, uh, simple methods, perfect for beginners, find the tokens before they explode. The next Shiba is out there. I'll show you how to find it. So this is all about kind of learning his research process, learning, you know, he's going to tell
you what to, to look at, how to look at it.

Um, now this is also, now when you think about it, this is for people who want to, to learn
and do the work versus those that just want kind of an alert service that's saying, Hey,
go buy this token. It's about to explode. Right. Where, you know, so there's other people like that, like Bryce. Paul and stuff like that, that do those kinds of offers.

Um, but you know, when you think of a, um, this is a good model that you should definitely
look at and the kind of study in terms of what, what is happening here. Cause there's a couple important things happening here. One is, you know, it sounds unique crypto underworld. Again, he's dealing primarily with millennials, probably to 50 year olds in the JV zoo market
for the most part. Um, you should probably go watch his webinar, see how he kind of positioned stuff.

But the main thing you're going to see here is proof, proof, proof, proof, proof, proof. I bought this. And then 24 hours later, it did that. And I bought this. And two days later it did that.

And, you know, had you bought Shiba, here's what could have happened to you. Uh, and so I get what you're saying is like, you're, you're sort of even anti against this. Um, but you know, just understanding like the components of this letter and, and also
recognizing like, like, look, this is a, this is a $39 offer. Uh, this is a pretty long sales pitch. Uh, and don't get me wrong.

Like for a minimum viable funnel, you don't necessarily have to do all of this, but you're
going to have to at least. So this, uh, this has just a good summary of, of the pain points. Um, you know, what you're about to see is different than other crypto methods you've
seen before. This is, this is a primary belief that you need to establish in the prospect's mind. Like what you're going to teach them is different than everything else that's out there.

Right. This isn't about buying Bitcoin and holding it until it goes up. This isn't, you don't have to know anything about DeFi. Uh, I'm going to get your results fast. You don't need any prior crypto investing experience.

I'm making this really easy to learn. I'll show you how to do what I'm doing. So, you know, in this case, he needs to really kind of build up his credibility that what he
does works and that's what he's doing with the proof. Now, to be honest with you, this isn't real proof because this doesn't, this isn't his,
you know, this is to show me a chart of a certain token. Doesn't mean that he bought that token or, you know, or whatever.

I mean, this, this is a little bit better, but all he's doing is adding text saying that
he bought it. There's no proof that he bought it. So, I mean, there's a big difference between like, like that kind of proof and other kind
of proof. Um, but you know, here's some of the emote. So again, as you're doing the examination phase, this is what you want to do.

You want to go find offers like this, see, you know, what are the pain points they're,
they're pushing, right? Stop feeling like a failure. Stop getting bogged down. Stop blowing your money. Finally prove the doubters wrong.

Stop the wasted money. Uh, you know, those are all the emotions and pain points people are feeling. So, so there's good stuff in here that you can certainly borrow. Um, but this is really kind of how you got to think about it. Like, like this feels potentially, potentially not to me and you, right?

That's the other thing. Like we're too close to this space. We know this stuff inside out, so we can see this and call BS on it real easily. You got to put yourself in the shoes of somebody who doesn't know any better. And it's just like, oh, wow.

Yeah. This guy, look at he, yeah. If I had bought this here, wow. I could have made 20,000. Yeah.

So just playing on kind of like the popular thing of what people think about crypto, you
know, to me, that's not crypto, you know, I, I, I'm more of a fundamentals guy, you know,
and just about learning so that you can make your own decision. And I think that's kind of what this guy's doing here, but just with, you know, these
low cap coins. Yeah. Yeah. Simple, simple crypto, crypto method is perfect for beginners.

There's, you know, I'll show you, but I mean, right here, he tells you like, he's looking
for, for the, you know, the less than penny stock, less than penny ones that are a crap
shoe. So I, you know, I don't know how much this is selling, but it's like, you know, it seems
like he's just saying a lot of things. Like, like when you said, you know, this is different from a lot of other methods. I think anyone can write that on any sales page. Yeah.

Well, and that's, and that's, so, so what most of these guys do wrong, and this is one
of the key things that we teach differently, right. Is, and you'll see it here. Right. So he's, he's, uh, where is it? I'm just trying to see like where, um, um, so this is a, this is a claim, right?

Stop feeling like a failure because you're losing money on your crypto trades, right? The right way to do this is what we call claim proof benefit, right? So, you know, when you buy this course, you'll stop feeling like a failure because you're losing
money on your crypto trades proof. Here's, you know, John Smith who had lost until he bought the program. And once I taught him my message, he went from, you know, seven out of 10 trades being
losers to two out of 10 being losers.

Right. And the benefit of that is, you know, he's, he's, he's, you know, he feels better about
it. His wife isn't mad at him anymore. And he's not, he's not constantly having to, to reinvest, uh, you know, into, into the
portfolio or whatever. Um, but that's how, that's how you're supposed to do claim and then a proof and then a benefit.

Right. Um, see this, my method is proven and it works up almost, and it works up almost a hundred
percent. This is may or may not be proved, right? There's better proof that you can create than just a screenshot of a chart. Right.

Like I would want to see the trade in Coinbase or wherever the trade was made. This shows profit. Like, um, so, um, but I mean, there's still, you know, from a, he's hitting all the, like
all the pain points you got to hit. There's certainly stuff you can pull out of here of pain points to hit and, you know,
benefits to, to trigger, you talked about like what they ultimately want, what they
ultimately want is lifestyle again, but this is, you know, this is key, right? Like look at the age of this dude in the pictures, whether it's not him, first of all.

So that's, that's the other part, right? Like, so like, and so this is just one, this is him, that dude in the pictures is not him. Um, yeah, this is just one, this is a recent one that's kind of come out, um, you know,
to the internet marketing audience. Um, I'd say on ClickBank, there's probably some other ones I haven't looked, uh, recently. So would you, would you say a volume approach would be good here?

Like just try as many primary promises as you can and find one that sticks. Cause that's what I was planning on trying to do. And, and Mike, Michael was saying, you know, just really study the market and then really
get just one good primary promise. Yeah, so, well, so there, there, there's actually a presentation, um, that I will, I'll see if
I can share with you. It was, it was from our top one mastermind.

Uh, one of the guys did a presentation, uh, just a couple of weeks ago at the event, uh,
where he kind of laid out a really good strategy based on that, which is basically kind of creating
like, uh, what we call quote cards, right? So it's basically just a graphic with a certain primary promise on it. So you list out, you come up with a list of 10 or 20 primary promises, right? Uh, and then you create, basically go to go in Canva, you create an image with each of
those promises on there and you run a small campaign on Facebook just to see which of
those comments, which of those promises gets the most clicks, right? And that's been a hundred, you spend like a hundred bucks or something like that, a couple
hundred bucks just to see like, which one's got the highest click-through rate.

That'll give you a sense potentially, at least for that audience. So again, you got to go back to what audience am I going to target, right? Cause you still got to pick an audience in Facebook before you can do that. Um, you could also do it in AdWords and just look for, you know, how to buy, you know, bid
on keywords, like how to buy Bitcoin and potentially test a bunch of different ads with a different
promise in them. See which one gets the most clicks for now, you can just send those to a very simple opt-in
page where you can at least, you know, gather the email address and start building a list
from, from those promises.

Uh, but it will at least give you some insight into, okay, for people that are going to Google
searching, how do I buy Bitcoin? This is the, this is the promise that seems to be resonating the most. And that's really just going to dictate kind of your, you know, your headline and your
lead. Um, but, but I think, but I also think fundamentally, like what you got to get to is like, what is
your, what is your secret sauce going to be, right? If your secret sauce is about how to properly do research on tokens and how to spot, you
know, the ones that are real and have a viable chance of succeeding versus the ones that are
just, you know, you know, fractions of a penny, but we'll never move unless somebody pumps
and dumps them, uh, you know, that could be it.

Right. So think through like, what is your actual, like, take your, take your process, take what
you would do right now. Right. If you were going out today after this call and you're going to go start researching new
tokens to buy, like, what does that process look like? What is every step that you're doing in it?

What is you, what is unique about the way that you do it? And then like, start looking for ways to name those things, those, those mini processes within
your bigger process. Um, cause that gives us the unique mechanism. And then once we have the unique mechanism, then we can determine what the promise for
that unique mechanism is. And so if the, you know, fundamentally, I think it sounds like the, if what I'm saying is
accurate, right.

If, if you have a certain process for researching coins and finding ones that are legitimate and
do have good potential and will pay off at some point, maybe not within three days of
buying it, um, but you know, whatever, then, you know, then to the boomer market that is
attractive, right. Then this is the safe way to invest in crypto without the volatility, without the risk and
still have a hundred, a hundred X gains, right. That could be a primary promise. Um, so, and I'm spitting a lot out at you at once, but it's really why the research phase
is so, and, and even your own, the research and interrogation of your own process is so
important. Okay.

I think there might be somebody else in here, but if you have time, I might be able to show
you my current sales page. You know, it'll definitely change because there's a lot of just features instead of
benefits on there, but I, you know, I might be able to show you if you've got time. Yeah. Let's let me help Peter out some tech tracking stuff, but yeah, I mean, I'm on this call till
two o'clock, no matter what. So as long as you've got time, I'll be here.

Okay. Yeah. I do have to leave it around one o'clock. Okay. That's pretty quick.

Just curious, Teddy, who, who is the one that talked about those quote cards? James Friel. All right. I, I don't have a problem, but I want just some help understanding how the backend of
memberships work a bit. So I know what I'm doing.

how are we doing with the other stuff the tracking better now
um i'm still waiting on a decision from her on if we're gonna do that pixel your site or if we
want to move over to drop funnels so i'm making the course and just trying to generally understand
how this course stuff works um they
so drop funnels has um you can have units uh modules and lessons okay and each is their own page
but then they have have um these default pages and so when you make a new lesson temp a new lesson
section it pulls from this template so that makes sense to me i set that up first and then i can
just duplicate that um what i don't understand is they is these just weird numbers and stuff after
this is this unique to one particular person um or is this like an id for the course or like what's
going on with these weird urls here yeah my my do you have more than one course in there
um no well i think i have one just default like their example course or i guess i have yeah there's
two but you can make as many as you want yeah but what i'm saying is the other one so the other one
has this the other one has different numbers right oh i see let me check
yeah but it also has a different you know it's got the slug for the different course name
gotcha and there's no way you can change the slugs you can't get rid of those numbers
click on like the pencil or whatever yeah i don't think so usually with this for example they um you can
change the slug right here on the pencil so i think it's built yeah it goes to the full um like
the template it doesn't give any additional details about gotcha changing it so um it's not like that's
a problem i just kind of want to understand if i send somebody because i know don't some membership
courses like each person has their own unique url login url and that's how it knows who everybody
everybody logs in everybody logs into the same so again i'm not fully versed in drop funnels but
the assumption is typically you know if they're they're buying the checking out through drop funnels
so drop funnels knows what they purchased based on what they purchased when you set up the course
you can determine you know which product they had to purchase to get access to the course i would
imagine um and then from there once somebody logs in there should be like it should be a after they
log in typically there's a dashboard page which there is but the dashboard page typically should
show me all the courses that i have access to not just one specific course yeah i'm not quite sure how
to do that that integration with multiple courses because then it would seem like you'd need to have
one dashboard page that's over multiple like the same dashboard but potentially if somebody
logged in
but they're logging into a to a course like so well so so uh so is this showing that there's a
different login page for each course as well um every course has its own login and that's why i don't
know maybe i should be thinking of it like if i'm selling multiple courses maybe i should be
thinking of it as i have one course and i'm selling multiple modules uh within it and they can have
access to one module or another uh yeah so it depends on how it lets you set permissions that might
that might be a good way to do it like yeah it's a little messy from the way that they're that they
organize um so let me show this the organization standpoints would be a little messy but so you
have settings um see the welcome page or the so you can turn the dashboard of the welcome page on or off
so maybe that determines if you log in and welcome page is off it just goes to the first um the first
page of the course within this course select uh i know you can set different um
it's by module and you can set access levels yeah so you can do a different
you can set access levels per module so maybe that would be the way if you were selling kind of what
would maybe be considered multiple courses like a back pain course and a neck pain course um
you'd have those as separate modules within the same course and then you can set access and then
they could still see the other course yeah so so so just one the two ways to think about it are
like like you have access to our e5 coaching portal and you probably have access to our regular
members portal right so in the members portal like every course is kind of a standalone thing on the
dashboard you only see it if you bought it or you only see it in your kind of my courses list if you
bought it uh right yeah so in here you typically only see your stuff and then you can buy the other
stuff down below uh in the coaching portal everything's open to everybody right and so instead of
every instead of everything being its own course every module is basically a course
in the coaching portal okay so if i want um
but the other thing is the other thing would be like so in the regular so in drop funnels if you
were just building a page do they have a widget that that you can drop on the page that's you know my
courses or something like that no it's not a widget deal they don't have oh i see what you're saying
um maybe oh there it is well i'll go back this one
that let me go to a course okay so this is a login page they probably don't want you messing with this
one too much but of course login widget lesson menu lesson menu so that's the lesson menu
you scroll down under basic menu basic modules there's not a let me show you actual course page
so the lesson menu that's just drawing dynamically from the module and lesson list right and then
so what do you i'm saying i'm saying on a regular word should like a on a generic word
so again typically the way it works is there's a login page for the site right and that's that's
just a a regular kind of wordpress login page same login page that you log into as an admin
and people log into the same page yeah once they log in they land on a dashboard page just like you do
in our portals and from there so you should but that page that you land like when you log into our portal
that page that you're landing on is just a regular wordpress page that i've just dropped a learn dash
course grid on uh so you know in this case there is a block element called course grid that i can plop
onto any page and it shows you what courses you are enrolled in um and so i i don't know so it doesn't
sound like drop funnels that's what i'm saying if you went to drop funnels and you just created like
standard page is there an element for
my courses available
sorry sorry about that okay regular word course wordpress page you said yeah okay
so it's good so i'm going so go just go into drop funnels and try to create a new page
just a generic page not a course page or anything like that
i don't think this is how you're supposed to do it but i'll do it
okay website page i can't see your screen oh yeah
maybe i need to make like a default home page or something before it let's
i haven't done any page yet blog archive
is this useful at all that's fine to start let me see so let me see the widgets there so scroll down
yeah i think all the course stuff is in the course like section so you're looking to like what what do you do is like the super over above everything dashboard that you log into
right which again is just basically built from i mean there's a widget that exists that that controls that whole thing like it's not uh
well working within what they got um
um so anyway i think each of those even the whatever url is a url that so what happens if somebody that's not logged in goes to that course url it knows that they're not logged in so it redirects them to the you need to log in page or the access block page
right or how does that okay yeah if they tried to go straight to the course url
it should know that they're not logged in and forcing the login is that a cook is that a cookie based thing or how does that work
no it's uh it's it's what you know wordpress it's a word it's a server side wordpress knows whether you're logged in or not kind of thing okay
okay that's enough to get me kind of confused enough and then one completely out of the blue blue question
i would send drop i would send drop funnel support an email though and be like hey
i've got multiple courses i want person to log in at one place and see everything they bought how do i do that
okay yep i think that's probably in the support i think it's pretty basic concern
and then uh completely random one i replaced my touchpad yesterday because it was broken
and um the new guy's not recognizing it i did the new uh driver install um
i did the bios default settings is there any obvious thing that you might think about
for why it's not recognizing it this is on a pc yes
in a laptop yep um
no it so it's a new trackpad new you sure the connector and the cables in right
it i think so because this is one of the things that i've seen on the internet it thinks there are
two of them okay and so it like thinks the old one is still there i'm assuming cannot find the free
resources so it's like what this is the old one this is a new one or something but i've tried
uninstalling them and restarting all that stuff um i'm gonna assume the thing is faulty if i can't
do anything else but wanted to just see if there's any
basic so the one that's got the well we don't know which one is the new one which one's the old one
right uh click on it again is it go to properties
actually well you've uninstalled it did you just disable it try disabling it too
no i would try to disable it just to disable it sounds like i'm the broken one the broken one yeah
and then and then maybe reboot okay okay thanks so much that's all i needed for today all right back to sam
um thanks um so yeah sam if you want to share your screen or post a link either way yeah i didn't
know i was on camera that whole time so so i you want me to share my screen uh yeah or you can post the
link in the chat and i'll share it either way uh so this is you know i don't know if this was something
where it's like you know would this be good but i think a lot of something i had in here was like
a hedge against kind of the the poo coins saying like that's not necessarily what you should be doing
um all right so scroll up to the top let's see start from the top uh they're gonna come around
crash course on crypto get to education
so i also i ran a i ran a like a direct ad for about a hundred dollars on instagram i think i got
like 98 clicks you know it was about a dollar per click no sales gotcha all right so let's think about
so so a thorough and comprehensive crash course on crypto so you know that i would change to again more
of a promise driven headline so first of all a couple things number one you you don't want to
tell a graph that you're selling anything off the bat right so so you say crash course on crypto
somebody's got the ability to be like oh i don't want a course right what you want to do is you want
to land on the page you get sucked in enough to oh what's this i haven't heard this before what's
this all about let me start reading and and eventually reveal that you know so here's the
problem here's the proof that this is a problem here's the solution i came up with here's how you
solve the problem and solving the problem is by taking the course but if you put that in the lead
then people just kind of see that off the bat especially on instagram which is millennials which
don't want to buy courses they think all gurus are scammers like right so um so the other thing
to think about though is you know based on what you're telling me the you know potential promise is
you know like you know how to be a smart crypto investor that it doesn't get burned
by by chasing the latest bad token or something like that right like that's that's a better promise
than just a thorough and comprehensive crash course on crypto still not a great promise this is where
you got to work with michael and kind of flush this out because he's better but that's that's the line
of thinking that like that is the promise of what you're telling me is i'm going to help you
do proper research and not not be an idiot and buy shiba at the high and watch it crash 50 percent
three days later because you didn't know what was going on um and that's basically what you're
saying in that in that white text there you know most people jump into the crypto space buying
crypto token the friend told them about so i mean that part's fine um get the education you need
before investing in the fastest growing financial market again think about think about
any time you're commuting anything like you don't want it to sound like work you want it to sound
easy and you want it to sound quick right so getting an education oh i gotta go learn something i
gotta go like what people ultimately want is for you to tell them even if that's not what you're
delivering you still got a position as you know uh you know so you might say
and and this is like where word nuance and word choice becomes a critical thing right you can fix
that sentence by changing the word education to confidence get the confidence you need before
investing in the fastest growing financial market
um and see how that makes a huge difference like now it's not like what i really want is confidence
i don't really want an education i understand fundamentally that i may need to learn something
to build that confidence but what i want is confidence um so become an expert in the crypto space
and your terms i you know again they don't want to become an expert they want to they want to
they want to win they want they want winning consistently winning trades to some degree
they may not even want trades like to us it's trades you know they want you know a continually
a portfolio that that continues to grow exponentially
with with with minimal risk that's ultimately what they want um
okay but even there you know like you may not need to even show the
the image itself is sort of starting to dictate that potentially it's a course
a course so just every could be just the laptop on its own um you know with a chart maybe or
something i'm not telling you to redesign the whole thing i'm just like just thinking through
at least this part like this is the most critical part right they've just clicked on the ad
they've landed here you got two seconds to get them to scroll past this and if they don't scroll
past this you're dead um so i would get rid of the call to action button it's not time for that yet
like they want them to read okay yeah as far as like redoing this i don't even think i'm there yet
because you know i haven't done the primary promise yet i guess i haven't really named my unique mechanism
yet so i just just but the primary promise i think we just touched on like it's you know this is this is
basically you know how to the primary promise is is how to invest in crypto without getting burned
because you listened to your friend's advice right like to some degree that like you certainly need
to be wordsmithed a little bit but that's fundamentally the promise right i'm gonna i'm gonna show you a way
where you where you can develop the confidence to to know what the heck you're buying why you're
buying it and whether it's going to pay off um like that could be the promise right like you know how to
know exactly what to buy when to buy and know with confidence that you know the trade will be profitable
mm-hmm or the investment i would actually say investment if you're going for the less aware
market more so than the trade okay yeah i think this definitely helped you know i think talking to
michael he i think he's trying to understand crypto himself sometimes right it's like you know sometimes
i'll get into like a coaching session in the coaching session but like you know i think this this
helped and i you know like i said i was gonna try to just go with the approach of like you know in
my web analysis just take all my wants and just try to do a minimum viable funnel with that and see
what sticks but yeah maybe maybe that's not the best idea but i think this could be good you know i think
this helped yeah like i said i i think just just those are the key things like getting clear first of
all getting clear on who exactly we're talking to and then what is it most that they
want and need uh and how do we make that come across as simple easy and quick and how do we make it
sound different than what they've seen before like nobody wants a crash course on crypto like
is there a diamond or ultimate beginner course they don't even want to be called beginners to some
degree right like you can certainly call out you know this is perfect and and you know that's the
other thing is you may not even want to limit yourself like this is perfect if you don't even
know what bitcoin is or you know if you've been trading for a long time but can't seem to consistently
make profits all right so if i so like you know i already created the product like you know why
that's fine like like here's here's the other thing to kind of keep in mind is
regardless of what the product is like people are buying people are buying what this page says
right once they bought it and they log in and they get to the course like assuming it's not something
completely different right but as long as it fundamentally like you always sell them what they want
and you give them what they need right so once they get in and they've bought
and look if it's not what they wanted or needed then that's why we have a guarantee and a refund
policy and refunds are part of the business like don't take it personal like you should have a five
to ten percent refund rate if you're marketing hard enough right it's not going to be for everybody
and that's fine um but fundamentally it's more about structuring the offer and the messaging and
how do i make that compelling and then the level you know because you might as you're working through
the offer like you might find that that quick start guide like that's what you want to call it or that's
not what you want to call it whatever and then it's just a matter of changing the cover on the pdf
to something else right it's the same pdf you don't necessarily have to change the guts or the
information you change the cover but i guess that that was my question where it's like that that icon
ultimately your crypto course is on like every slide and i did like a screen record of me doing
the coin i mean nobody's going to be like oh dude the logo on the sales page was this and then the logo
you know like like you got the chain slackers logo on the computer right like so if that's not the logo in
the course then already you're off brand and it doesn't really matter like at the end of the day
people aren't going to care how your slides are formatted or they're going to was the information
valuable did i learn something and is it making me money with the branding i mean there's a whole
branding conversation to have later on as you start getting scale and you know you're establishing your
brand in the marketplace but for now till we're getting buyers none of that matters right okay i wouldn't
i wouldn't worry about it it's where people get hung up a lot honestly it's like trying trying to
perfect the the course or the the look and feel of it and all the assets and like let's get some buyers
you can perfect it later on if you're not embarrassed by the first version of your course uh you didn't
launch it soon enough it's typically the rule of thumb right like so so yeah what i got some place to be
at two and so you know i appreciate it i think this helped and i think we can i guess use that you
know be a smart investor don't get burned learn what to do you know there's a bunch of topics in there
so let's see so like we go over trading how to get your first piece of crypto you know how to do your
tokenomics research the defy tutorial at the end so a lot of topics are in here it is it is a broad course
but you could you could make a claim for anything in here so whether you want to be a trader defy just
getting started learning about it everything is in there it's just not just just always so always
remember right and this is this is the key thing like you are never selling anybody on the course
you are selling them on your unique mechanism the job of this page is to sell somebody on the fact
that you have a different way of doing it than everybody else the course is what teaches them
that unique mechanism but what you're selling is not the course right so just always keep that in mind
um and i put that other link in the chat there so i'm gonna pull that up and bookmark it so you got it
uh that way you can review that thing as well and again this isn't this isn't good or bad it's just
an example but i mean it's got some a lot of the research is done for you here in terms of what other
people are saying and what points they're trying to hit and and that kind of thing um now i will say
on this marketplace right and this is just something to understand again about audience
and where people are coming from like the only way people are getting to this page is if an affiliate
sent them to this page so the affiliate already sent out an email kind of telling them why this thing
is important and they should go check it out and so they already know that there's something for sale
after they click the link so that's why he's able to talk about you know there's a training and resource
guide and all that kind of stuff and he's got the the price at the top of the fold but that's because
of where they came from um okay all right so you're you're teddy right i'm teddy yeah okay yeah thank
you and i'll definitely be in more coachy calls as well but i do think this helped so i i appreciate it
yeah and i'll share i'll tell michael to to watch it uh and listen to it so he can kind of have a
background on what we talked about that way he can sort of help guide you more on the messaging but
i mean you definitely have something it's just a matter of like i said just kind of how we position
it and and how we how we structure the the language and the benefits and all that kind of stuff to make it
make it make it make it good okay all right thank you awesome man take it easy all right
