---
title: "Tech 2021-11-17 22:59:07"
date: 2021-11-18
duration: 1h 43m
duration_seconds: 6225
vimeo_id: 647148626
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-11-17 22:59:07

**Date:** 2021-11-18 | **Duration:** 1h 43m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. I just think it's kind of weird to just like be here when the call opens and not say anything. I see you saying hi. Now I'll be back here. You disappeared on me on Friday, though.

Did you have a question or anything? I did, but something came up and I had to go, but I always appreciated what I was learning anyway. So I did. And I respect their time zone. You're important, too.

We've got to make sure you get taken care of as well. I'm here today. So it's all good. Awesome. How are you doing, Steve?

I'm pretty good. I don't know if mine's going to be quick or not. I'm multitasking. So all good here anyway, Steve. So, Teddy, we just need to verify or validate the tag manager events.

Okay. Let me, and by the way, this is John's request. Okay. Because he's like, what, you don't trust this information? And I'm like, no.

He's like, well, we can't make any choices if we don't trust the data. So, and let me share, and then I'll come back to why this is, why I'm hesitant. Okay. All right. Try and get rid of my pictures because I don't care about the camera.

Okay. So, this is the ad campaigns and the activity that we're seeing under these campaigns, right? Okay. So, on the 11th, we had two sales, and then we had another sale on the 15th. So, looking at these days, we've had three sales.

One of them shows here, which, by the way, this showed up on the 13th. It took two days for it to register here. Um, but what's interesting is down here, um, we have three sales that show up under this other audience. Okay. And these, I think, showed up pretty quick, um, meaning it didn't take two days for them to show up.

Uh, now, what I'm wondering, and by the way, the last, at least one on the 11th and the sale on the 15th,
I can tell by the Karcher logs that they started with this campaign, which is no email required, um,
and then converted into buyers, right? Okay. The one on the 11th watched the no email required video, um, on the 8th or 9th. Um, the next day, um, the next day, watched this one. She sent an email to us asking a question.

I responded, and the next, that was all on the 10th, uh, and then on the 11th, she purchased. Okay. Um, so that sale, I believe, should be counted here and here because she actually watched both videos. And I can validate that within Karcher. Um, what, what makes me wonder is if I change the state range from the 11th to the 17th.

Oops. And if I'm too, too long winded, you just tell me to be quiet and jump in. Um, okay. So this one sale doesn't change. Uh, but if I come down.

And then here, this now says five. Okay. And we didn't get two additional sales. So you don't have, you don't have six sales total during that date range? Uh, we have three.

It's the original three, right? I thought you had, I thought you had five a minute ago. Say again. I thought you, I thought you said you had five originally. No, there were three.

So two on the 11th, one on the 15th. One of those I can validate. Was both campaigns, right? So if I look at the date range from the 11th through the 15th. Then I get the one lady that watched this campaign and bought, she's also a lady that watched this campaign and bought.

And then there were two other sales that apparently came from here. Okay. Okay. Right. But if I add a day, we had no sales on the 16th.

So what I don't know, uh, 400% is when you, I don't know if when you. You set the date range on this report, if it is showing you the date that the person interacted with the campaign or the date that the conversion happened. And, and that's, I can believe that because Google will tell you it takes up to 48 hours for it to register. Okay. And if, which, you know, I don't know.

Um, and again, there were two on the 11th, one on the 15th, nothing, nothing in between or nothing since. Um, if, then the one with the last one, we had one on the ninth. Um, so we, sales this month were the third, nine, two separate ones on the 11th and one on the 15th. Um, so those are the five, five total sales this month. Okay.

Uh,
see what it says for the month. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I was going to suggest.

Sometimes it's better. Yeah. And this is before, uh, we haven't had tag managers set up all month. Right. Um, hasn't been set up all month now.

Oh, so it's only been like 10 days. Um, and I think some of these sales conversions were us doing the testing of, are the pixels firing as we were going through all the steps. Possible. Um, yeah. So was it, was it, it was last Wednesday we set it up basically.

Right. Right. Um, I think it was less. It was Wednesday and then you got on the call Friday again, I think. Cause we had some issues.

Right. How about the other note? Just out of curiosity, are the opt-in numbers in the right ballpark? Uh, I, I think so. Um, honestly, I haven't, haven't really.

It's not great. Yeah. Say again. It's not critical. I was just curious just to, you know, get a gauge for, I mean, I mean, look, you're, you're never going to get a hundred percent tracking.

Um, like now it's not going to happen. So the, the good news is at least it's tracking now. It was true. Well, but, but, but I get it. Like, especially when you're playing with kind of, you know, three, four or five, 10 sales.

It's, it's easy to, it's easy to see where it's glaring off and one scale can skew the numbers a lot. John, what we're trying to do is, uh, focus the placements and, um, the audiences, right? So we were dialing, digging into which campaigns were actually producing sales. And then once you got into that, which of the videos in those campaigns were generating sales, um, and then from there it was, okay, let's look at the placements. Where was the money going?

And, you know, anyway, we were trying to, to, to hone in the focus. Right. Um, but I didn't want to turn something off if I didn't trust where, where the numbers were coming from, because I, you know, haven't had seven sales this month and it's telling me I've had however many. So, so, so let's, let me, let me try one other thing. So the, the thank you page or order confirmation page, or what's the page they go to, what's the URL they go to after the initial purchase?

Uh, there's, there's three, uh, depending on the price point that they, they buy at. Okay. Uh, and we've set the, um, conversion up. Um, within, in tag manager, it's, um, can't fail. Thank you.

Whatever the, the text was. And then we, we left off the three 47 three or whatever. So, okay. So what I, the reason I'm saying is pop into analytics for a minute. Let's see if there's a, uh, go to, uh, behavior.

Site content, all pages. Uh, all right. And in that little search box above the bounce rate column. Uh, so what is it? T Y is that, is that what the thank you page is?

All right. So just type T Y here. Okay. The. Or whichever one it is.

Yeah. So this can't fail. Thank you is that's the landing page where they watched the video. Uh, it's this welcome. The welcome page.

All right. So, uh, just click on that. And then, uh, in that box where it says secondary dimension, uh, right above that. Yeah. Right there like that.

Uh, and under, uh, just type campaign. Select that. Let's see. Let's see. So we got five from that campaign three from somewhere else.

So the five is correct, right? Well, I don't know what date range we're looking at here. Sorry. I can't see it. No, 10th to the 16th.

So no, that's not correct. Um,
should be three really. It should be three. Interesting. I, uh, go back to that drop down box again.

This one. Yeah. Type campaign again. This time she's the Google ads campaign ID. I mean, those are both saying the same thing.

I imagine it's the same campaign ID. That's the name we just looked at. Uh,
and as does that exclude the day we were testing. Dave will retesting. Should.

Um,
we were testing on the 10th. So do the 11th to the 17th. Still five. Um,
the computer's making noise. I don't put headset on.

And cartridge funnel report only shows. I mean, I'm sure there's only, there's only five sales. There's only five sales. Sorry. I mean,
turn the volume up.

So there's only three distinct sales in cartridge. Correct. Two on the 11th. One on the 13th. Set the date to just the 11th.

Well,
or actually,
yeah,
yeah,
that's fine. Just set it. Set it to just the 11th. So two on the 11th. That's right.

And it's under this not set. Oh,
that's under not set. So that's,
what's interesting. I wonder. So the three,
let's look at this.

All right. So there's one,
one on the 15th,
which is correct. So the two,
well,
so two on the 11th,
could have been us testing maybe. Yeah. That it is.

That was the day we worked. We were testing on the 11th. because we had one sale. When I talked to you and I got another one later that day. So that is,
that is possible that they were not set.

So if we look at the. Nothing on the 12th. So the 13th,
it jumps to three. And the 13th second. Well,
those now have an ad ID.

Have you clicked on the ad at any point in the past two weeks? I did go through the ads at some point. Cause when we were talking and,
and that was one of my. One of my questions was,
am I inadvertently firing this thing off? Okay.

Could be. Yeah. Especially. So yeah,
if you click on the ad and then visited that page,
I mean,
it should only count once as you know,
you should only be a unique page view once though,
not three times. Right.

Once you use different devices or whatever,
but. And change,
change,
leave it on that date range and all that change it back to just
campaign campaign,
not campaign ID. Just keep going. Oh,
I'm sorry. What was that?

Yeah. In that dropdown. By the way,
this is pretty much the only report you got to know in,
inside of Google analytics. Like if you can do what we're doing here,
this is how you pretty much diagnose or troubleshoot anything in terms of
Google analytics. I really don't use it for anything else other than this particular report.

It's been interesting to watch people come in from wherever. Right. So what pages are they're landing on and where they're coming from. Yeah. So,
yeah.

So that's showing three as well. Just,
you know what,
let's,
let's,
let's do this here. Let's go back to that dropdown for a minute. And go to type location. Yeah.

What it is. No,
it's not location. Scroll down. It's not location or something like that. There should be one.

It's probably a user attribute. Keep going. Yeah. City,
try city. Are any of those you?

Nope. Do you have any sales from anybody in those cities? I don't know. Exactly. And,
or is there any emails that send them back to this page for any reason?

There would not be any. That I can think of. Okay. So yes. One of the sales.

Sale on the 15th. Is from Florida. So that's probably Jacksonville. Okay. So the 15th is Jacksonville.

Second one on the 11th. Is Pennsylvania. It's Fredericksburg. Okay. The other on the 11th is Wisconsin.

Second. It's not optimal. So you don't have any sales from Maryland or Baltimore? I wonder if for that was Nebraska. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Can we expand the date range on this report to the date range that you're looking at Patrick. go back to that drop down see if there's a state as well as city
just type state
same country
oh go back uh might be a region
it's either region or metro
all right so county
there's metro metro id
which region
why they don't call that state but whatever
whatever
i'm sure it's for some uh legal reasons of no we don't track by state we track by region
yes
privacy laws of some sort
the good news is we got one from each
are you any of them
no i'm in texas i i might be north carolina
but then well i didn't interact well okay it's not filtered to the ad right now so entrances zero one
yeah so entrances is potentially assigned to right entrances means they started at they started their
session at this page which shouldn't apply to anybody the
uh
so virginia what so that that could be somebody that was a past purchaser going back to
the welcome page
it's possible
is there anything on the welcome page that they would need to go back to it for
no however yeah i mean it could be they were still open it could be it was still open in a browser
and it reloaded like you know there's there's always going to be stuff like that um
and especially you know if it's a couple days after the original person purchased then
the pixel and the analytics are all going to treat it as a
as a new conversion
so the maryland massachusetts and dc none of those match up with the sales uh
they were what i just read off i wasn't paying attention to what i was saying
one was florida yeah um
i forgot the feeling
that's
pennsylvania was the other year that was one of them
and by this i just know that's their billing
they're billing state right so
uh
and then
And then the third one was Wisconsin.

Okay. Now, that said, if people are traveling. Yeah, but that's kind of like, that's, that should be a very edge case. I wouldn't, I wouldn't expect two out of five sales to be somewhere else. I'm just looking at some of Carpenter's documentation, see if there's a good way to track this stuff in there.

And to the point of view, I'd like to, to the point of view, I'd like to know that. Let's go ahead and do it. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.

Well, I mean, look, from a technical standpoint, the pixel's firing, so that's the good
news, you know, like you're at the point where, like, if you want more accurate stuff, you're
looking at a very expensive analytics package, and even that's not going to be 100%. So it doesn't really make that much sense. You also don't have enough conversions of anything to make any sort of decisions as to
what's working. Like, you know, five sales is not enough to call anything a winner either. So you're going to have to, I mean, you're just going to have to kind of let it run and
scale a little bit and kind of go with the preponderance.

I mean, I feel like for the most part, it's tracking whether, you know, again, it's not,
I mean, the only other option, which, you know, you can add another, another tool, another
layer. If you want, this one would be pretty easy and is relatively cheap, which would be Improvedly. Um, that might give you another, it's definitely an easier to use interface than analytics and
what all we were just doing, but again, chances are it's going to have completely different
numbers as well at the end of the day. So may or may not help, but I mean, there's, there's like a free 14 day trial. So maybe we're just doing the trial for a couple of weeks at least and ramp up the ad
spend during those two weeks so that you can at least gather the data to get, at least
have two or three different proof points of, okay, this is the one I think is working.

Well, I have a feeling, uh, it's, it's one of those, um, I was looking at the page itself
to say, you know, is there a reason why people, um, I have a feeling that people might be going
to the page, right? And going back to the page. Uh, so let me show you one of them. I just have a sneaky suspicion that people might be bookmarking this page and then, but
they should only count once. Right.

They should only count once, once per session is what Google is going to count. So it doesn't Google, they're not going to treat a unique person as. Again, every session is different. And once that session ends, if somebody goes back to the same page, it's an, it's a new,
unique visit to that page within that session. So that would be another conversion.

Correct. Um,
then I have a strong suspicion that's what's happening. Um, so we do, we do say, uh, so you could, so you could fix that by introducing, uh, like
a new page right after they purchase, it's like, Hey, thank you. Your, your purchase has been successful. Click here to access your welcome information.

Right. And then that way they would never stay on that page right after checkout. And even if they go to this welcome page after that, then they could reload this page as many
times. It's not going to screw up your, your stats. Um, right.

Because there is, you can download your course information. Uh, you know, we do tell you the next thing you do after that is join the Facebook group. You know, so there, I could see somebody bookmarking this page and then coming back to it. Yeah, that's possible. Does Kartra give you any stats?

Does Kartra have any stats on this page and how many page views it's had? Uh, and, and, and, and, or even better yet, can it give you a report of who's viewed that
page since it knows who everybody is? Let me do this thing. Let me do this thing. I'm not sure.

I'd have to go into reports and try and figure out if I can change it. We'll just change the date range for a minute. Just, I'm just curious if it shows the same number of views as what we were seeing. That's October. It has been, I think they've been from.

So it's two sales. So, so this will be, if you'll check, um, the ninth, it was a different, okay. So here, here's, maybe we'll start with doing part of this, right? So I've only had one person in three months that's popped at 133, the three payments of
133. Um, and in the last 30 days, there've been two visitors, two visitors.

Uh, so that means that it's pretty, pretty high probability that he has been back there
multiple times in the last 30 days. So we've had three, we've had three sales of, uh, uh, this 12 by 39. No, we've had two sales of 12 by 39 in this time period. Okay. So I think, I think we just, I think we just solved it.

Yeah. So, so that's, that's what I would suggest. I would, I would suggest creating kind of just an, uh, an interstitial type page. That's like, and very simple, right? Your order is processing and get a little spinning wheel kind of thing.

Right. And you should be able to like put maybe an animation on that thing to hide it like after
five seconds and then five seconds later, show a button. And it's like, great, continue to, to the welcome page, uh, and then make that the conversion
goal. And that will, that should eliminate at least this issue. Um, so then I would just go into the conversions and change it from this page.

Correct. Correct. Yeah. Okay. Um, Amy, I'm sorry.

Sorry, that took so long, but that was a huge help. So happy to, I was, I was doing things. I feel so bad because I've, I've been in, I've been waiting while you do this with others
and it's like, I get it. However, I just want to know. It's, it's tough.

Yeah. I mean, we're, we're looking potentially at kind of making these kind of more, more one
on one calls where you guys just schedule them so that you guys aren't, aren't stuck
waiting around, but by the same token, you know, like Amy said, like, you know, sometimes,
sometimes it is valuable to others to kind of watch and learn and, you know, pick stuff
up. So it just kind of, I'm not sure what, what do you guys think? You know, I'd say for me, um, it definitely depends which calls, right? Like, um, media buying, I don't attend anymore.

My husband is attending just to kind of learn a little bit, but I don't learn anything like
this stuff is too, not my thing. But as far as like, um, you know, Michael's call Paul's call, like I'm always picking
stuff up about the actual, just kind of the marketing messages and, and word choice that
they're getting rid of and things that they're focusing in it, even though I can never fully
pay attention to these because I'm waiting. I have things, you know, I got to run the business, but it always kind of a thing will
pick up and I'll like tune in for a minute or somebody will ask like a question. Like I tend to chime in, Steve, you've probably seen this like on word choice stuff or whatever,
when they're asking like participants and it always helps me kind of think in terms of
how I'd write it, which I feel like helps fine tune when I'm learning. And although Todd's like, um, the courses, the recorded courses are, are great.

Of course. And I learn a lot. But I feel like seeing them applied here actually is much more powerful. So like getting the high level from his courses, like I kind of want those like bottom line
it, it's great, get the idea and then watch it applied in real world world scenarios. It's like that to me, that's the best way to learn.

You know what I mean? So the greatest way is helping me do it. Like how, if I may, if the first time we were building the funnel together, you and me,
I was like how, how you walked me through it and I did it. I mean, that's the number one, most powerful way I learn, but then to the things that are,
you know, relevant to what my skillset is or natural abilities. I'm like, that's really like getting in there to the point where like, I think I had a breakthrough
like two weeks ago about like, I get it.

Like I was talking to somebody about crafting an offer and like the why, how, and even though,
you know, with this new invention we have that it's like, yeah, this, this widget we created
it is fantastic and groundbreaking and all of that. It doesn't really matter until I think in terms of what the larger offer would be to,
you know, to make that average order value go up, make it a no brainer offer, but still
make money to not be like racing to the bottom of the discount, let's say, and, and really
providing value and then making a natural connection with the other products that I sell. Like, it was like, all of a sudden it was like flipped a switch. And, and I think it was as a result of just one random coaching call. I don't remember what it was or what the person said.

And I was like, oh my God. Yeah. Because my brain went to that place before whoever was talking had said something about it. I was like, oh, well, we need to like make it, you know, something thinking bigger. So I still don't understand big marketing ideas and unique mechanisms and all that, but,
but I really think I understand crafting offers and that kind of, and why really why we build
that on a, this kind of a landing page funnel situation and why direct response works better.

And I was just telling a friend, I'm like getting them to take the upsell. I get it now. Like here, what, why it works better. I get it now. So to me, yeah, I, I definitely, there's some wasted minutes.

And if I didn't have other things I could be doing, then it'd be impossible to go about
my day, but that's your long winded answer. No, that's super, super helpful. I'm not even sure that with, to share that with the team. So I find it very valuable. And that's why I'm always saying when I leave a room, I'm like, I really, I learned from
this, like watching bronze and all of them with their questions and to do with their email
flows.

Like, no, it wasn't my question, but I, I definitely understood a lot more of when you and I get
to kind of working on some of my email flows, hopefully in like two weeks, um, that was
helpful, you know, so in, in framing the vision of what I want to create. So, and I'll say, I always pick out or pick up nuggets from the other calls, um, listening
to others, whether it's kind of what Amy said, if you're, you know, somebody's working on a
headline or, um, you know, it, Michael's really good about the benefits, right? You, you made a claim, you know, your proof is weak, where are your benefits, right? And then it's like, oh, we'll call this out and you do this. And then, you know, it kind of weaves the story in that, um, the, uh, the media buying
calls, um, I think are super interesting for me, uh, and these calls are fabulous.

Um, these are the ones that, uh, Teddy, your, your call is the one that seems to take for
me, at least the longest, right? Cause this is, this is where I'm learning the most and don't have the, the deep knowledge. Right. Um, and, uh, so getting that takes longer, um, but I get the most out of these, right? It's truly learning the most, um, John's calls for me are really strategy and validation,
right?

You know, look at these things, here's what you should be analyzing. You know, I've, I've done data analysis. I've done development. I've, I've done all that. It's just what things do I need to be looking at in this environment to try and make this
stuff relative.

Um, do you find Steve that you, um, like, okay, one thing that I've really valued is
watching your journey, watching Annette's journey. I think we might've all started kind of at the same time, but if you're looking like Teddy,
if you were to like do this again or looking to change it or one-on-one or whatever, what
I would love to see is like, you know, um, like cadres, like we have, like you start at
the same time or your focus is one area, like whichever way you structure it. Like I really enjoyed watching. I've watched Steve's journey. Remember?

I'm like, I'm going to sit back and learn from you, Steve. Like we all, you know, hear that because I'm following your journey. And so it's easier to take away like what you're growing and what you started with and
where you're going. And with Annette, like I've watched like a lot of different things than Steve's learning
and doing. Right.

And so as far as learning all the different facets of things, I think, I think starting
with them and being invested in their journey has been a lot more helpful than some of the,
than watching some of the people who just pop in and out and they're not real. I'm not clear on, I try to follow what they do, but I'm not clear on what they did last week. And the, you know, and so it's very valuable to me to, to go alongside in the same way that
my little inventor crew, that's so valuable to me is we all started our businesses around
the same time. Like we met at the same trade show and in the same space, you know what I mean? And, and we're all like, Oh my God, you're new.

I'm new. You're new. And there's so much to learn from people who are going on a journey. Of course we had no coaches. So that would have been nice and not just the blind leading the blind.

We all made it somehow, but, but yeah, to me, the most valuable I've been watching are
the ones who I show up with each time. Well, then that's super, super interesting feedback, you know, and, and definitely valuable,
you know, cause yeah, we're trying to figure out like, what is, what is the right mix of,
of, of everything and how, how can we keep making it better? And I do agree. And, and even when I was doing sales for the program, like I always felt that certainly
like that was one of the sales, that's how I would actually position it. It was like, look, not only are you going to learn this as a skill, but excuse me, like
being on a call with 10 other people, everybody working on their big idea at the same time.

Like that's when you understand what a big idea is like, you just seeing it applied. And most times you're so close to your own business that it's hard to even apply it on
the spot as it's happening because it's your business and you're close to it and whatever,
right. But that's somebody else's business that you're totally detached from. Yeah. That is one of the biggest truths for us, right?

We, we consult, we help other businesses implement and do, and, you know, it is so easy to flip
the switch and help them, but then you take it for granted and you miss the step and then
you're not doing what you've just told them to do and you miss it. Right. And I agree. I totally agree. Like I have calls with people like one to two times a week who somebody heard I bootstrapped
my business.

Right. And so we talk about it. They're just getting started or specifically with product development and I'm not in the
weeds with their story. So I can look at it so objectively and, and provide valuable feedback that they're like,
why didn't I think of that? Cause it's like super obvious.

I'm like, cause you're in the weeds with your baby and I'm, and I'm not, but to me,
like, I really see it as like slogan, not what I mean to do, but it's like classes, context
and coaching. Like, that's how I've seen this program. Like I take the classes and the videos and I, and I take the notes and I watch it again. And I focus on the things that like, I really think my skillset, I can really absorb this. And this probably is probably not going to be for me.

This can be like an outsourcing thing. And then the context is like my time with Steve and Annette and all that. It's like just watching it fit for other people. And the coaching is the direct helping me apply it because I do think without, you know,
all of those components that it, it, I just wouldn't have had that breakthrough. Interesting.

You know, so yeah. It's a, it's a very interesting question. Cause I think all of us are probably a little bit different. And that's, that's the struggle too, right? Being people being at different points, like, you know, obviously Annette,
Annette's been at it for a long time, but fundamentally just getting started
in certain ways, right?

You guys have offers up and running that we're generating some sales or whatever,
maybe not, you know, hopefully we've optimized that. But so that's, that's the kind of thing we got, we got to try to figure out and balance
too. I do want to see a, what comes next. So this was going to be a conversation I have with Jeremy. Like, I don't know, my coaching time is up like January or something.

And for me, it's like, I don't want to cut the cord, but I also, I can't make that big
of an investment every month for a long time, just to, because it's like, I don't really
need the courses anymore. Like the, you know, the access to the stuff. I don't, I don't find myself using it unless I want to have passive listening. And then like, as far as you go, like one-to-one time, like it would be amazing that once we're
through this process and invested this time with what I consider the team, meaning Steve
and Annette and all that, not just the coaches, then to be able to move into a model where
every, whatever, we get a certain amount of time with one of the coaches, let's say once
a week, we get, you know, or like we get an hour by a program where we can have an hour
a week and we can kind of pick the coach that we need. Right.

Because there are definitely weeks that I, I need to work with you more. And like, I haven't, I hadn't talked to Michael in like two months, maybe. Cause it just wasn't, you know, now I have to, now we're talking again, cause we're working
on a new product line, but it's like in January, it's like, we can't cut the cord. Like, I, you know what I mean? I got to make this product line, this product line, and then we got to through line them
together.

And I feel like I know a good amount, but I, I just, it would take me, you know, 15 hours
longer to do what I could do with you in one hour. You know what I mean? I'd be toiling for 15 hours and sometime get there in some jury rigged way. It's like, you know, so yeah. That's yeah.

That's awesome. Same for you, Steve, on that. Um, a little different. Uh, I, uh, there's huge value in continuing, um, but much to what Amy's saying, it's like,
okay, this was, this was a big pill to swallow. Um, and, uh, you know, it's still, um, we're still cracking the nut.

Uh, and, you know, trying to understand, you know, everything. Um, and, and that's, that's the thing. It's like, uh, and you've probably heard, I still tease Jeremy. It's like your primary promise to me was a sale every day. Right.

And I'm doing everything you're saying. And I'm still not getting a sale every day. Um, and I, I rejoke about it. Right. It's, uh, very tongue in cheek, but, um, you know, it's, it's the why it's like, you know,
I don't, when, when things start to fire, they fire really good.

And then all of a sudden it dries up and it's like, there's no explanation for, you know,
what really happened. The, the view rates didn't change and the, this didn't change. And, you know, it's, um, I totally get it. Just understand, unfortunately that like, that's the nature of this. No, and I do.

Right. And, but like the feedback you gave me tonight was exactly what I needed. Right. Seeing, having that guidance to come in and say, okay, we can trust what the system is
telling us because we figured out that we've got people that are going back to it. We've got, you know, people that are coming in.

So the system's working, but the way that we configured it to report is a little flawed. Um, and it doesn't mean that it's bad. It just means you have to be able to take that into account and, oh, here's a way that
you could potentially make it better. Um, I, I've been searching since I talked to you last going, what the hell happened? Right.

Was I doing this? Did, you know, was me testing the pages inadvertently triggering the welcome? Um, you know, I, I tried to close down all my windows to make sure. You know, it wasn't me. Um, but then I was editing them and I'm like, okay, now I have to go back and look at it.

Oh shit. I just, you know. Oh my God. I thought you looked to the side and I thought you were looking at your actual windows. And I was like, who do you think is spying on you?

And I closed all my windows. You're looking to the side. I'm like, I don't know where you live, but I'm not sure people are wanting to see your links. But no, it's the, all the different, the different monitors. You might be paranoid if you think someone's waiting out there looking at what you're doing.

The different windows. Speaking of windows, we gotta get, we gotta get you some windows down there, don't we? You got any windows in there? Amy? Me?

Yeah. There were windows in that room? Oh, okay. Oh, okay. The bicycle.

And right, here's my art. Behind me in the other rooms is the two other garages where slash no cars can go because it's all inventory. So yeah, I got my light. Oh, on my stay, you could open the garage door. That's good.

No, I'm actually really paranoid about that. I live in this area, but I'm not supposed to be doing this low. It's supposed to be in here, you know what I mean? And we don't need the neighborhood. Like, it's a pretty much area.

You know what she's doing in there? It's enough to have DHLs showing up every other day. And I'm about to have like 3,000 spray bottles just rolling up in front of my house. So we don't need to advertise it further. But anyway, back to your, back to your question, because I just want to give you like what I would wish for from here.

Okay, so because I'm willing to make the investments, obviously, for my business and growth and all that. So as I think I mentioned last week, like I'm migrating, hopefully, to working with E5 agency, right? For the media buying and all of that. Like, I can't just jump into that kind of ad spend. We're not ready yet to justify the overhead.

But here's the thing. If I'm putting like the like same kind of or more amount of money toward that service every month, what would be really nice is a companion. And I know you're separate companies, but what would be nice is a companion where the media buying team is, you know what I mean? Like, here are the issues. And we talk about it in a call.

And then whatever we need to solve on the creative end or on the funnel tech end or whatever, because like based on my call with Jeremy and the guy, Matt Graham, who I think you know, on our call the other day was, okay, we got to just increase the price by two bucks. And so I'm on the call with you going, okay, I don't want to break anything, Teddy. So like, let's find all the places where the price is and the PayPal and the this and the that, because I don't feel comfortable doing it myself. But, you know, if with the agency, they're doing their job, we're tweaking things all the time, right? Here and this and the other thing.

And I don't want to do it alone. So, you know, the, the goal I would assume for this is to be able to move to a really big ad spend and, you know, a fancy service to manage that because that's what we've been doing here, right? But without the actual support, it just wouldn't feel like it makes total sense. Gotcha. Because it's a larger picture.

Got it. And ballpark, how many hours a month you think you'd need? And what would that be worth to you? If it were, I don't, I don't even know, because I think it depends on, it depends on the month, right? Like, are we coasting or are we building?

Like right now, I would love to have, let's say, you know, not right now, not right now, I need more. But let's say after January, I'd be like, probably just two hours a week. And I'll be, and I'll be good to go. Like, I don't need more than that. But then if we're like launching the new product line, I'm going to need some more than that, just to make sure that we're not having this huge ad spend with stuff that's not quite working that we need to adjust.

And I need more hours, right? But, you know, regular, you know, consulting hours ain't cheap. You know, I know that, you know. But if it's focused one-on-one time, like I'd pay, you know, 200, don't tell Jeremy this, because then he's going to, I'm the one throwing out the number and I know you're in charge too, but it's like, I'd pay 200 bucks, you know, an hour to really have that time. Let's fix it, fix it, fix it.

But it would be much more like, not as much helping me learn it, more like, let's do it together. Let's knock it out, do it together, because I know now that I'm not ever going to relinquish control over my marketing message, right? Because I'm the brand, this is mine, I, you know, I'm the through line, right? But let's do it together, let's knock it out, get it done. Like what you, look, what you and I did, what was it, last week or something?

We stopped, I forget what we did last week, but you're like, let me take control of the screen. And I was watching and learning, but you were just boom, boom, boom, boom, knock it out. So, and to me, it's like, why spend all these thousands of dollars for the media buying service expertise and not maintaining that funnel appropriately? So even if you were to, again, I don't understand how all these business units work, you guys. But if there were like a companion component to it, where it's like, okay, so it's 5,000 for this, but it's 6,000 for the companion service, and we will all brainstorm together, or we will all offer together.

Because maybe it isn't once a week where I'm a go-between explaining what they say, or it's once a week where we're all together. And just, this is our team planning week where you're on, and whoever is going to be, John's on as the E5, whatever agency guy. You get the point. Yep. And it probably, you know, who knows?

But that would be like my wish. Okay, that makes perfect sense. I do think they're different. They're completely different cases, right? So when you get into the agency and you're at that scale, it is a very different, you're talking a different scenario.

You know, if you've really scaled up to that, then there's a lot more to it than, I would agree with Amy. There's a lot more to it than just spending this much money on media placement, right? There's a back end that needs to support it. And just overall, I think going through the learning and development and getting that true campaign functioning the way it needs to is, it's very different than, it's the establishing versus failing, right? One is really getting to the proof of, okay, this is, we've proved it.

It's now working. It's consistent. It's this. When you get beyond that and you start to truly get into, okay, it's proven, it's validated, the data's behind it. Now let's scale.

Here's, you know, ways to scale. That is a different, it's a different scenario, I think. And I think it's not just, for me, like, so my buddies, they're all in the scaling place where I am. Like, 2022 for us is like, it's a different game. Like, I'm not doing this next year.

I'm not, you know, I have a supply chain management team that's onboarding now and they're taking over and, you know, I'm part of it. I'm not in charge of it, right? And they're all in it. And right now the question is, it's like, they're looking at full service agencies, but we all know that a full service agency is not actually a full service agency. And it's like, you need experts and like, what you guys have done here with this coaching program is you've done just that.

Like, I'm not an, like you said to somebody, Teddy, like last week, it was something like, and you were saying they won't know everything. Like, the person who does the email thing is not the same person as the SEO thing. It was something like that. And you're like, beware of that because they're not usually that. And it was like that conversation going on in our group, you know, and I'm like, well, we've gotten really close to that here, right?

You really do specialize. Like, I know when to show up for who's call. And I think that that would be a very valuable thing that would get lost once you just move to a media buying agency. And then you have this person who does creative and you have this person who does that. It's like, it's not really solving any problem.

But, you know, it's not the same as the full service agency because the person is involved. And I think that that's awesome. They're just not doing everything and making every decision. So that's what I would like to do. And it's also that balance of not only, you know, not just doing it for you, but teaching me, you know, we're all about teaching how to fish, not just fishing for you.

Exactly. Because I want to think in terms of that way. And like I said, like the teaching me how to fish made me look at this new invention in an entirely different way. That it is, it has to be an offer, not just a product. And, you know, it's a great product, but it's got to be more than that.

And that was because of the teaching me to fish. Right? If you had crafted the offer, I wouldn't have even, I would have been like, oh, stuff. But it's not, you know. So, yeah, that's okay.

Speaking of fishing, my little ones. Are you going fishing? No, my little ones are saying we're hungry. Oh. How old are your little ones?

How little? Well, they're not, they're not too little. 12 and 14. Sorry. Medium.

12 and 14. Teach them how to fish. Teach them how to fish. Yeah. Teach them how to fish.

I should. Actually, they love to fish and they're good fishermen. No, I mean, teach them how to fish. That is the challenge. I think I had my son at four able to microwave his little pancakes by himself.

If I was on a call or something, he wouldn't starve. Yeah. No, it's a mom actually went out. I don't know if you saw her leave behind me, but she went out with some of her girlfriends. So, I've got the kids tonight.

Enjoy it. Break dinner. Yes. Thank you much. Thank you, Steve.

Thank you. And Amy, we'll see you next time. Take care. Bye. Ciao.

Do with her. I got to have a good night. I got to show you. You want to see what the invention is? Yeah.

Nice keeping it blind for the past half hour. Yeah. It's pretty cool. So, and I know it's recorded. It's okay.

Um, so the problem was Marlo, my daughter, got her markers taken away because she wasn't
responsible with them and was leaving them uncapped all the time and, you know, whatever. So, you know, you have no markers for a week because we keep having to buy new markers. So, she wanted to, and she truly invented this. She wanted to find a way to, you know, keep her marker caps in place so she wouldn't forget
and all that stuff. So, she wanted to create a place to kind of anchor her markers.

So, her version was with clip markers and she like hung them up and she was going to
put it on the wall. And I said, and then she, that was her invention. She wanted to do something with it. And I said, well, if you're going to do something with an invention, we look at, you know, the
problem we want to solve, but then what's the best way to solve it? Like, we don't get married to our vision for it.

We, so I said, you know, the most popular marker in the world is Crayola. And so, therefore, the 1.7 centimeter diameter is the one that gets copied all the time. So, the most popular marker is this one and their, you know, fine tip marker. So, what this does is it's a thing and it'll be in the updated sample. It'll be four, three, and three.

So, it's a 10 pack of markers and the marker comes out and the cap stays in. It's freaking awesome. And I love that it's still kind of a honeycomb shape. And then when you have the three, it's modular, right? So, you, this one and this one and this one.

So, if you have a 40 pack or whatever you have. And so, then when you want to get the marker cap out and the marker's dried out, you just
take a pencil eraser and the adult. So, the adult is putting it in, right? And then the adult's taking it out. But the kid, like, and my daughter's still, she's sick.

She still can't even take a cap off a marker easily. So, like, the parenting hack for it would be open up your kid's markers, you know, place
them in where they're like this. And the kid is just responsible for putting them in and out. Right. And then when you're done, the parent just clicks them in, right?

Like, all you're trying to do is teach your kid, like, put them back. Right, right. So, I've even, we've even named it at this point. So, her first, her name is Marlo Parker. Her middle name is Parker.

So, it's the Marker Parker by Marlo Parker. Awesome. It's a great place to park your markers. That is going to sell, like, hotcakes. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a get on Shark Tank, get Kevin O'Leary to work your
licensing deal with Crayola.

So, I told, I told Marlo, she was, like, all excited. I was like, and then I said, like, as an aside, and then, you know, and then Crayola will
buy it. We'll pay us $40 million for it. And she was, like, horrified and starts crying. And I was like, what on earth did I say?

I was like, Crayola will buy it for $40 million. What's wrong with this? She's like, it's a big B, little B product. I'm like, okay, don't worry about it, honey. Don't, this is a big goal.

So, you don't have to worry. We're going to, we're going to sell your product. So, I think you need to keep tapping her for ideas. Oh, she's, it's all day, every day. And as a parent, you'll appreciate this.

So, I was sitting on the couch. It was, it was just the end of July. Like, this happened so fast. Um, and I'm sitting there on the couch, like, I don't know, scrolling my phone or something. She comes in, mommy, I figured out a way so my mark, I can keep my mark.

She'd gotten a new set of markers with the clips on them. And she's like, mommy, I found a way that I'm going to keep them in place so that they're
not going to dry out. I'm not going to lose them. They're not going to dry out. And I, she's like, so look what I created.

And she's creating things every day. So, I'm like, oh, it's really good, honey. You know, I'm not, I'm not checking. I'm like, oh, it's really good, sweetheart. So smart.

And then I'm like, wait, explain it to me. Explain it to me. And she does her little demo. And I look at it like this. And I'm like, Robbie, get in here.

He does the same thing. He's like, oh, good job. And all of a sudden I'm on Google patent search, you know, that's the story. So yeah, this one, this is what's next. So right now they're doing a new sample mold for the new configuration and the middle row,
the four row will be a little bit higher, just makes it easy to grip.

And there's also, it's silicone. So you get the space to do that. And so it'll be the different configuration. So that'll be done in two weeks, shipped to me by three weeks. I'll approve it because it's the functions there.

So the configuration is going to be approved into production tooling 30 days and then 40 days
in production. So I figure we're going to do something different with this and we'll probably do a pre-order
or something or other funnel. Mm-hmm. Yep. That's awesome.

You know, it's, it's funny, the, uh, the niche you're in is like, if I had to start all
over again, probably the, the niche I would explore the most, like just something that
starts with younger kids. Because now you've got that, like, as she grows up, every stuff, like there's going to
be a different need at every age and you can build such an empire. We have another one slated for release in June, hard to describe. I don't have the prototype here, but, um, it's like an alternative to a silicone bag. Like it's a reusable, like Ziploc kind of situation, but it's way easy to wash and all
this stuff.

And the reason I have it slated for June release is for back to school shopping because back
to school starts now bizarrely like August 1st. And so the back to school shopping is July, but it's still like the send your kids to
school because everything we do is about reducing waste, including this, like the scrubbing reduces
waste. This reduces waste. The new thing will reduce waste. And so, um, but it's all for like, you know, get your kids in involved in a, in an early
age.

And even with the, the cleaners, they're all non-toxic. Like, you know what I mean? Like they're, they're nothing. Um, so yeah, fun. So that's why I say, like, I had to step out of supply chain management, you know, with this
come in the garage is even nice size house, but it ain't that big.

With everything going on, it's probably, probably not something you want to be dealing with right
now. Anyways, absolutely not. Let's make it somebody else's problem that my stuff is, I would highly encourage a visit
to China though. If you've never been, you know, I've been, I've been, um, and I was going to go, uh, spring
of 2020. Um, so I'm not, uh, not going to do that yet, but I'm, I'm going to go, I'm probably going
to take Marlo with me when we're safe to go.

So cool. Yeah. Good adventures. That's why I say like, with all these things coming and everything that will need to be
tied together, like, I can't, I can't look, be left alone. Bye.

You know what I mean? Like, good luck, Amy. You know, look at some point, at some point, you're going to have to step into the CEO role
too, and, and stop being the doer and stuff as well. So I like to know as much as I can though. I really enjoy learning.

That's why I say with media buying, I have no interest in learning it. So I'll never take it on. Just find people I trust to do it, you know, and call it a day, but the other stuff I really
enjoy knowing, you know, so, and, you know, launching all these things and then probably
we'll step back from it, uh, a bit more this time next year, once all the new products are
launched. By the way, quick side note, the, uh, you were talking, you were talking about offers and
how that had, did you read a hundred, a hundred million dollar offers yet? No, I downloaded it.

Okay. Wait, wait, that's that guy. I did listen to it. He's the, hold on, Alex, something had a last name starts with an H. Yep.

Totally did listen to it. Loved it. Going to listen to it again. Yeah. Um, yeah, I did listen to it right after I downloaded it and he has some like resources
online, I guess, but it was fascinating.

And then a new, it leads me to that, you know, and then recommends this. And then I read some, um, read, listen to, uh, it's a book called over deliver by Brian
somebody. Hold on. It was interesting because I think, yeah, it's the world that you were taught. Remember the first time I asked, I said, I like to know who you are.

Obviously I'm like, you know, what do you do? And you were like saying I've worked for this person that I'm like, I don't know any of
these people. I don't even know what direct response means. Um, but then he's talking about like some of these people and I'm like, oh, I think
this is the people that you mentioned. And Todd's mentioned in the court.

He just talks about a lot of people in direct response and it was a good book. It was a good book. Anyway. Stuff. Yeah.

All right. What are we working on? Changing the price. Oh, okay. Let me share my screen.

So, yeah. So it's just because, um, it's just because I have it in various places. Right. And I just didn't want to do it by myself as I don't remember where everything is. Is it the order form?

Has it? Yep. Okay. Products. Yep.

Okay. And you're, you're integrated with Stripe, right? And PayPal. Right, but it should, should change them both automatically. Uh, yes, I think, I think literally for you, all you have to do is just change the price
in here.

Okay. And there, I have one other question too, but, um. It's on the product details. Product details. Yep.

Okay. Okay. $29.99. Okay. Is there another place I have to do that?

Save and next or save and close? Save and close. Can I go into the other one? The PayPal one? Okay.

Error. Taxable if it's a valid address. What? Hold on. It was an error.

Hold on. Product details. Oh, maybe you go. Oh, how come I didn't have, how come I didn't have to do that? I know.

Oh, you probably didn't have ship stations set up before. Okay. Hold on. Hold on. That's my address.

Okay. You can turn off screen sharing. No, it's my, it's my public address. It's my, it's my, it's my, it's on every outgoing shipment. Not my house.

Don't worry. Okay. Runner Avenue. Sweet. You think I have this memorized, but I don't.

No, you kidding. One day, Amazon just was like, we're going to, everybody has to have a real address, not a post office box. And we're going to publish it. Right. And I'm like, and it was like out of the blue.

I'm like, perhaps we should all go get, you know, those UPS real, whatever, whatever. Yeah. Nine, two, six, seven. Speaking of which, since it's kind of completely out of the mainstream news, what's going on with the cleanup? Oh, except address line two needs to include all fields except address.

Okay. Oh, thanks. This is so weird. Very little. They haven't.

I'm on the list for like volunteers. What on earth? Oh, the phone number. Oh, all right. Okay.

You're going to let me do this now, but they haven't called the real people volunteers. Oh, okay. So that was allowed. Yep. All right.

Did we change the price? Did that actually go? I didn't even, it was saying no so many times I didn't verify. Let me see. Yeah.

Oh, it did. Okay. Back. And I want to do this one now. Mm-hmm.

Okay. A lot of details. Okay. I assume we have to do this. Oh, look at that.

Not in address line two. No, I think, I think, I think what it was saying was it was looking for the phone number
and it was telling you that it's the only one that's not required, but. Got it. Okay. Like, I don't know why I have a problem with this program.

Save and close. Okay. Saving, saving, saving. All right. So now we have to go to the sales page, right?

Mm-hmm. Edit page, literally change those numbers in the text fields. See what I mean, dude? Like, I know I can do it, but it's so much less scary to have someone watching this. Okay.

And then because we'll have to do the order form. Okay. So it only says that in one place, the number in one place. Okay, great. So save.

And then we have to look at the order form, I'd imagine. Or does that auto pop? No, we. The order form will be fine. Yeah.

Yeah. All your changes, you're not changing the upsell, just the main offer. For now. Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, you can go ahead and preview it. I'm just seeing if we wrote it anywhere. Oh, it's showing me the. Okay. There it is.

It's auto populated. Okay, cool. And then I'm going to preview it. That other one, our nice, pretty one. Okay, cool.

Which one's winning, by the way? So as of the other day, it was, uh-oh, I get it. It was the two-step. Okay. But I, hold on.

Let's go to stats. So that's, yeah, we're good. Stats. So we haven't had it. Okay.

So let's go to somewhere like, I think it was like, when did we do this? Like, two weeks ago, yeah. Maybe a fly filter. And then quarter form. Oh.

Yeah, it's pretty close. Too close to call. Right? So it's this that we look at, right? Yeah.

Okay. That percentage. Yeah. But the one opportunity that, um, I'll stop the share for now. You need to see anything else here?

No? Okay. So one thing that I want to set up, which I don't know really when we do it or how we
do it. Um, so in Klaviyo, with the two-step, because I didn't have like an email opt-in thing with
the other one or at any point. Um, so with the two-step, we now have an email address for when they drop off, right?

And don't finish. So I do want to put in, or I think I'm supposed to put in like an abandoned cart sequence. Which I have in Klaviyo for my Shopify, but I haven't set up here. And in Klaviyo, we did, you know, that ClickFunnels list. So here, let me just show you something actually.

Go to flows. Let me show you what. Oh, hold on. I have to screen share. Screen share, share.

Okay. So we have, I put here a flow. Um, let me do edit flow and see if this is like acceptable. So, you know, when someone subscribes to ClickFunnels customers, which basically means they did the
transaction because that's what we zapped. I put in, um, just a very basic thank you message.

Um, just a little bit of context, who we are, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And that's it. Okay. So that's the customer. Thank you.

And as of right this second, there's no like really, and here's the clean beeline or there's
nothing really to it because I'm not really clear on what, like what we should do. But it kind of bothered me that I didn't have any kind of like, thank you, anything for them. So right now it's triggering for this and then they get, um, and then when I do my snowball emails,
um, I would just kind of do my regular big B, little B list, um, you know, and them, right. There's probably a better way to do it when things get more complicated. Like I was hearing the other last Friday, but that's what I have right this second.

And what's in that, let me see that abandoned cart secret. I know that's for Shopify. Yeah. Um, so it's the basic, like here preview it. Cause you'd be for getting something and then this, and the preview, it would show, you know,
what they looked at and then return to your cart question, just ask.

And then 20 hours. And then we have your carts about to, you know, the carts about to roll away. That would be where it is. A little bit more info, you know, check out our reviews, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then is there another one?

No, I only have two, uh, two in the abandoned cart. Yeah. So, so you can certainly copy the sequence for click funnels and you would just hard
code the picture of the item. Cause at this point, you know, which funnel they're in. Um, and you know, we can certainly add a, we'll have to split up.

Um, if you're still going to use the other order form, we could add an opt-in before it. Um, but that's going to take some kind of re rejiggering of the. So that's why I figure like, we probably won't do this until we select a winner, right? To some degree. Yeah.

I mean, we're going to select whether, I mean, I would say the current test, first of all,
it doesn't, based on the current test, I mean, you got a decent amount of conversions there. I don't know that we're going to have a winner, uh, because they're, they're neck and neck right
now. And so typically when they're that close, it's usually not going to generate a winner. Um, and so. In that case, if I were to choose it arbitrarily, I'd choose the two-step because then I just
naturally have the opportunity to give them an abandoned car.

Oh, and yeah, but normally we would do that anyways, right? So normally on the sales page, when they click the buy button, the buy button triggers a pop-up
that says, you know, step one of checkout, first name, email. Step two is the rest and that'll carry over whatever they put in there carries over to
the, to the order form. Right. So even if you added it now, it would still work on the two-step as well.

Um, but then that gives you the ability to put them into the sequence. Um, the other thing to think about in this sequence, even for the Shopify one is. So, you know, they waited 20 hours, they got the second email, like, don't give up on them. Like, so give them, give them, give it another day and give them $5 off or something, you know,
give them coupons or something. Push them over the edge.

I can have it in. Mm-hmm. Our third with coupon two. I mean, it's already free shipping, right? So I think I would start with free shipping.

No, it's free. No, well, this isn't. So are you talking about adding it to my Shopify flow? Yeah, I'm saying I'm safe right now. Even it's not free shipping.

Free shipping doesn't trigger till 30. You know, I have a, you know, what do you call it? Gotcha. Free over. So, yeah.

So, I mean, you could, and the positioning on that is not, hey, here's a coupon for free
shipping. It's, you know, hey, look, like, I know once you get these things, you're going to love
them. So, you know, let me, let me help pay for it. Let me cover the shipping. I'll pay, I'll pay your shipping for you.

So it's like, I'm paying your shipping for you, not free shipping. Hmm. Yeah, I'm, okay. I like that. That all.

Okay. I like that messaging. Yeah, always when you do stuff like that, anytime you discount stuff like that, try to
do it as, you know, I'm going to buy it for you. I'm going to pay it for you. I'm going to.

Okay, so what you just did is like the perfect example of what I would have heard you say
to somebody and been like, oh my God, you know what I mean? That's exactly what I was saying. Like there's a nugget of something unrelated to me. So just always say, I'm going to, you know, I'm going to pay for it. I'm going to cover it.

I like that. I can add that tonight. Okay. And then we'd take that basically that same flow with, you know, obviously without that
embed, you know, link situation. What would the return to cart be right to, it's not their cart, but the order form, right?

The order form. Yeah. And in ClickFunnels, since it doesn't really support promo codes well, although there is
a Pro Tools thing to do promo codes if you need to, but it would just be a different page
that just doesn't charge the shit, which I guess. Well, there's no shipping for the funnel for the offer with the direct response. So on ClickFunnels, yeah, it'd be, you know, maybe, maybe it's a $3 discount or a $5 discount
or something like that.

And it's just a different page. So we'd change that. Okay. So when we get to duplicating this flow, we change the picture and we edit that third email
to whatever makes sense. Okay.

Or to, you know, throw in an extra scrubby or whatever, whatever makes the most sense. Right. Okay, cool. So we'll wait maybe a week to do that, just wait, declare the winner and do it next week
or something? Sounds like a plan.

Okay, cool. Then I have my other, do we have any time? Yep. Yeah. Okay.

So the other thing is my downloads folder. Okay. So this is a digital bonus. I want to add, and before I have my real digital bonuses that are in development, so it's a
full color, you know, printed out, posted by the same for your kids to help them wash
well. So I want to add it to my bonuses, but I don't know, like, what do, what do we do?

How do we put it on the order confirmation page? I mean, obviously I know how to do the text block telling them they'll get it, but. Oh, in terms of how to deliver it? How do they get it? Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, okay. Go into ClickFunnels. Oh, right. I left. Go under, no, so under, go under your name on the top right there.

Go to Account Settings. Yeah, I don't know why they bury this where they bury it, but scroll down where it says
Digital Assets. So you can upload it there. And side note, it's not, it's not critical. It's going to fix it.

But in general, whenever you're uploading anything to the web, especially to be downloaded, where
it's going to, like, become part of a URL or something like that, no spaces in the name
and ideally all lowercase. So if you want to, just put hyphens between the words. Fix this now. You scared me that other day with the, you know, what happened with Steve and the uppercase. Right, right, that's exactly.

Like, oh my God, grammatically correct loses? I'm just going to call it that. Yeah. Okay. And then I'm going to choose that file instead.

Can I do regular here? Yeah, right there is fine. Okay. Okay. And then I don't think you have to put anything in there because we're not actually going to
email it to anybody.

Better. Add. I think it'll give you a link to it this way. So right-click on the blue part. No, right there.

Yeah. Right-click on that. Let's see. That's going to give you the edit. Try the three dots.

Copy asset path. Just paste that in a new tab. Let me just make sure it's the right link. There you go. So just use that link on the thank you page with whatever.

So we would just go here. I'm going to have to do it this second. I just, I go here. I go to the order confirmation page and here. And then I would edit it.

And then what I'd put it like. Yeah, I would just put an image somewhere on that, like take a screenshot of the thing
and put an image and then just link that image to that. You are above or below generally. You can put it below. You'd be like, you know, here's your, here's your bonus.

Okay. Did I tell you which digital bonuses I'm going to be doing? Soon that are in development? Yeah, they're fun. So I don't have to do this.

We didn't do anything. Okay. So I'm doing two. So one was like a concept I've been working for a while. It's called the Soaper Star Playbook.

And it's basically like, it's a coloring book, but it's for the buy-in for kids to wash their
hands well. So it's like a contract. I do this. I do this and they, you know, write their name and then the color pages, like no germs
allowed. I use soap as my friend, you know, all that.

And then I'm going to start typing. So that's one of them. And then the other one is a brand new concept, but it's testing well with like my friends. What does this sound like to you? And it's a DIY soap recipe book.

So like really simple soaps to make with your kids. And it's part of that, you know, primary thing of like, we're making washing process fun and
that they want to do it so that they, you know, they want to scrub, but now they want
to use soap. And it's like, you know, four ingredients soaps, like really simple. So that's, what's coming because again, like one of my click things that happened is like,
I really want to involve digital bonuses, you know, to increase that value. And then, you know, over time, and then what I want to do is take that slate scrubby that's
currently the bonus and, and make it the bunk.

Right. So that the offer is the, the scrubby trio soap saver bags. And I'm going to do three, but that doesn't matter that the, the multiple digital bonuses. So the full color print, the sober store playbook, the recipe book for the soaps, and that's the
offer with the free shipping. And then when the order form, the slate scrubby for you, for your face is the order bump.

And then the, the upsell remains the same, the big scrubby for the shower for you. So that's the plan. The cartoonist, the cartoonist has that in the works. And I ordered all my soap making samples, two pound glycerin block. I actually did it years ago for Christmas gifts for people.

And it's extremely fun and extremely easy. So anyway, so that's what's, that's, what's happening. So next week, um, I will, we'll check in maybe Wednesday and do an abandoned cart. So I'll have the text ready, pick the winner, do an abandoned cart sequence, you know? Oh no.

Do we even have coaching calls next week? Probably not. Right. Do we? It's Thanksgiving next week already.

Yeah. What's it early this year? I don't know. 17th. Jesus.

Is it not? Yeah. Once flew, flown by. Uh, yeah. Well, Thursday's Thanksgiving, right?

The 25th. Yeah. Yeah. So, so I'll still be on Wednesday, probably just a video buying call on Thursday. Cool.

And I will probably be on Friday as well. I would imagine. So I have to read you this as a tech person before we go, I have to read you this meme
that is so funny. Um, so call your dad now and ask him for the wifi password. So he has time to find a little paper.

It's written. And scene. Those are my, those are my in-laws for sure. And it's like everybody's in-laws. My dad's actually pretty tech.

My dad's actually too techie, unfortunately. Like, like I wouldn't be doing this if it wasn't for my dad. Like he was definitely the guy that bought computers when I was like seven. I have an uncle like that. He had like, you remember the banners on the, like the printers?

Did it, did it, did it, did it with the holes on the side, was making banners. I was like, whoa. But unfortunately, like my dad has spent his entire life focusing on how to fix stuff with
the computer. That's not really broken, uh, than actually using the computer as a tool to make money
or be productive. So he is constantly, something is always broken.

There's always some software that's not working. He's like, you know, he's a windows guy. So he's in there editing the registry. I'm like, dude, what are, buy it all. Like, stop.

Like, just use the thing. My, an ex-boyfriend of mine, I guess when he was, when he was really little and he got
like in, you know, their, the first con, you know, their first computer. And his parents were so excited, spent all that money for it. And they're like, it's yours. Like, do what you want with it.

Explore, have fun. He took the whole thing apart. The insides. Oh yeah. Start with the cords.

And he was like a wires person. And they were like, they come in and in the floor of his bedroom is like the computer. Like, can you imagine spending, God knows what they did in 1988 or whatever it was. Yeah. I don't think my dad has had the cover on his computer in, in decades.

Yeah. There's always something. All right, my friend. Well, if you see your in-laws, you better, you better call them now. Get that wifi password.

I will. All right. Have a good night. Thank you so much for that feedback though. That was super helpful.

I really appreciate it. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.
