---
title: "Tech 2022-09-23 15:59:01"
date: 2022-09-23
duration: 1h 5m
duration_seconds: 3948
vimeo_id: 753067599
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-09-23 15:59:01

**Date:** 2022-09-23 | **Duration:** 1h 5m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

if Hey, how's it going? Hey, buddy. How are you? Good. What's been up a few?

Not much man. Stop start watching some of your stuff. Oh, yeah, yeah. That's awesome. So you've been you've been playing a little bit.

I know I just got just kind of went through this some of the basic stuff like the you know, how to hold the pick and how to tune the guitar and all that kind of so just to check out just kind of the videos. I will give you some feedback though, like okay like the like the one on how to tune the guitar like you show the app, but you know, you should have a link to whatever app that is. Click under. Oh clear. What app you're using and then even like with the pick right like thinking about it like as a beginner like like you know, how much of that tip is like where like how much of the pick is supposed to stick out how hard am I supposed to hold it?

Like the little nuances man is like, okay like big make that more Nuance. Yeah. I mean, it's just it's obviously it's like me right it's like me teaching. Yeah tracking your analytics like it's so obvious for me that I just forget about the stuff that I don't even but especially for somebody who's very, you know, like you like do you hold the do you hold it with the point pointing straight out is it angle the little bit like what exactly like, you know, how much of the string are you supposed to hit just supposed to nicom you're supposed to get full like that kind of you know, and again, I was just kind of the first two videos that I watched but it was like Okay. Well, thank you that helps, you know.

So give the knowns. So like that's for the pick. And you said like put a link? Yeah, like if they're free tuning app that you recommend, you know. And I know now it's tough because all of them all most of the free tuning apps are trying to sell a course like it's it's yeah program.

So I mean you might even try to create your owners dude, that'd be cool. But is it you know, you're The Tech Guy, so how tricky is it to actually create an app? I'm not sure. Yeah, I'm not sure how tricky it would be to create something like that. But I mean, yeah, I've got a development company in India.

I can connect you with I mean, they're like 12 bucks an hour to build stuff. So, oh may not, you know for something as simple as a free guitar tuning app or something like that it it's different if you want your whole course on there. Oh, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. That's cool.

Yeah, maybe maybe that'd be a good lead magnet. That'd be kind of cool. So there's two main things I'm here for today. Yeah one is setting up the utms properly because now like Michael gave me is free tool to to make the utms basically. Okay, and that's a lot less dancing then just like writing it all yourself, you know, and then there's well, I also I'm starting out like to like just I'm gonna push like four times a day on tiktok and stuff like that to just try to build some organic traffic because I'm just thinking, you know This is a long-term investment of time, I guess and then if I never figure out traffic, at least I can have something yeah.

so yeah, so for so we can definitely look at let's look at the let's look at your UTM she and and make sure you got them set up right and then for for like social media tiktok Facebook posts all that kind of stuff. You typically need some sort of link shortener so that you're not putting a link with all those utms in the post. So there's a couple different ways that you can do. I mean the cheapest and freeway is bitly. Although bitly by default comes across as kind of spammy sometimes people say, yeah because they don't really know where it's going.

Um, there's a tool that I use called. I think it's called. Well first idea. Do you have a WordPress site at all? No, I just have great finals.

You just have click funnels. Should I have a WordPress site? Is that something important like? because I want to I want to have a home page for the guitar shortcut Comm and the candle looks like that is kind of like an opt in because I think you know you you need that anyway. but like kind of like this right where it's like how to become prevalent level guitar player and then just have them take a quick quiz or something and and maybe even have like some like links to courses and stuff like that.

For example. Like this one would take him to one of my offers. This one would take me in him to another offer and it's like basically just free trainings for everything as yeah. So in general the only time you need a WordPress site is is twofold number one is if you're actually gonna kind of do like Blog blog post articles and you know have a Blog. Okay, you do articles and stuff every week.

That would be one reason and then the other reason would be if you were going to eventually move your membership area out of Click funnels and build a better membership area using using Wordpress and learndash and you know, like like our member areas for E5 obviously and all it's hot stuff. That's all WordPress and learn Dash and Buddy boss and things like that the The advantage of that is that you know a pure urine better control be if you ever you know, you kind of now married to to click funnels, right and you got to keep paying click funnels. Yeah. Yeah, not that you would probably get rid of Click funnels anytime soon. But you know, you are the more you build on there the more married you are to it, especially if you build your members area and that's where everybody's accessing your stuff.

So, yeah, like I personally like to have all of the companies intellectual property. Somewhere that we have full control over it we can do whatever we want with it. We can design it. However, we want. We're not limited to click funnels member.

Yeah, that's what I would like to in general. Right? Yeah, but I you know, I mean we're for where you're at the number of customers you got I don't think I would worry about that yet. Like let's worry about Making sales work. And yes as I work in and you got some money then you can kind of go down that road.

Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. And so right now I don't need a WordPress site. No, the other reason I was asking is because if you had a WordPress site then it's a lot easier to do the link redirects right you can you can install a simple plug-in that'll let you create as many redirects as you want and then they on your domain as well so it may be worth it. 2 to set up, you know a real dirt simple WordPress site just for that.

Right or just for so van. I can track the link that is shortened. So okay link shortening. So now how many utms do I need like because right now like for example, my only really main source of traffic. This next campaign is gonna be just one ad it's gonna be the winner of the Ford ad tests that I've done right?

Because that you remember I've done like, you know the keywords and you know keyword groups with chords and then another one was gear him in another number one was every stuff. So we found the winner the winner. We found the winner. It was just that chord one basically, okay, so I'm just gonna run it to that. So I just need one UTM for that one, right?

And yeah, so go to the UTM spreadsheet, yeah. So here I have like the URL and the source the the medium seat in cuspect Lake and then campaign microstatics. The term is like I think I start with what if you could play guitar like this and then I play Sweet Home Alabama to just open up and you know catch attention. And so that's my link. Yeah.

Now I would put that on the the ad right. So basically my ads link, that's what it would be. Correct. Now if you're using if you're running the ad inside of AdWords then so yeah. Yeah, let's just do it just I'm gonna keep it simple for you.

There's a way in AdWords that basically create a UTM template so that every ad automatically has utms and it'll automatically pull the name of the campaign that the link was in the name of the keyword that trigger. Yeah, all that kind of stuff and John can show you kind of where to set that up but for quick down and dirty. Yeah, you can always just use the spreadsheet put that link in as the destination URL and you'll be fine. Okay, so in general that's you know, that's the the quick and dirty way to do it. And then there's a more advanced way to do it where you set it up directly into the ads platform.

Right? Yeah, and then it'll just dynamically pull the information based on the campaign the keyword the campaign the ad group the keyword. All of that will automatically just populate into the ATMs. You won't have to set this all up in here. It'll just know what's okay.

Okay, and so then Let's then the point of having this is so we can track where the cells came from. Let's say I had another campaign right? I would have a different UTM for that over campaign. So let's say this was a different ad right or right here. Let's say everything else stayed the same but it was a different search term you were bidding on and it was a different piece different video.

excuse me different piece of content you were sending them to Then you would just create another so so in term I would actually like I should probably put on the keywords that I'm using, right. I like really yeah it or or the general. Again, this is for you. Right? So as long as you know, what the hell hey when I said the term was what if this is what I meant, like again, it doesn't matter to any of the tracking tools or any of that kind of stuff what you use in here.

It just matters that it makes sense to you later when you look at a rapport and you be like, oh, okay. The term was blank that means that they came from whatever they came from this keyword phrase or they came from this email subject line, or they came from this ad headline or this interest group that I targeted like it can be whatever right so audience really Our gentor targeting targeting. Yeah targeting. Yeah time say targeting that's what targeting it should be targeting. So then that one come will come from oops.

kg cure group And then it's chords sure. Yeah chords. Should I say Advanced chords because it's you know. I don't intermediate whenever it's gonna make sense to you later, man, as long as you know Vegas, it's all it's only gonna make sense to you. Just keep that in mind.

to our group intermediate chords Okay. So basically you're saying I ran an ad on YouTube. It was paper click. It was it was for the micro Aesthetics offer. It was to the inner intermediate chords keyword group and I and it was linking to that Sweet Home, Alabama.

Creative I guess yeah great. to Home, Alabama creative I mean I could also call it hook one, but I think that this one over a longer time like is gonna be more. Oh, that's the one that was the winner and whatever. and then oh, no, okay. So you're taking right?

Like how do you know like you see right here? Like I'm trying to just move on the side, but it's making me go back and like I'm stuck like this and now I have to use this sometimes that happens on my Mac and I'm and I hate it. It's very way to remove that on the computer. It depends. Yeah, do you have the Apple mouse or regular Mouse?

I have the trackpad. Oh the trackpad track bad. You should be able to just drag with two fingers. No. Oh right here, but you see what then it just right now.

I'm doing yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure why it is that like you see to go back in I'm doing the same thing with my fingers. It just works one way and it doesn't work the other way anyway, stupid stuff. Like I'd have to Google this but you don't know what to like it. The problem is what like you can't Google stuff, but when you don't know what you need to Google, it's the worst thing because when you you never know, you know, right?

Yeah. So anyway, so I I do this one for this this campaign, but then let's say So you don't need to connect it to Google and Google ads or like Google events. No Google tag manager or no. So analytics will pick it up automatic analytics will pick up utms by default clickfunnels will pick up utms by default. So if they're in the URL then Then you will see so for instance like click on that link for instance.

All right, and now opt-in with an email that you have an opted in with before you can just make one up if you want. Great now going to clickfunnels. It and put that place that email in the search box at the top there. Here, yeah. and scroll down Oh, maybe I have up didn't move these before.

So now you see oh wow. That's so cool. So then I can go directly and see. Yeah now now in this in this specific the way it's set up right now you basically have to go into the contact manually to see it. But if you go to go back to that go to that funnel that you were that you just opted into.

You may not on click funnels. Yeah. And now go to stats. And see this is where this this is where the spreadsheet comes in handy for click funnels. So now go up to where the dates are.

To where the data? Yeah. All right. So now you can select today. You can select today up, but see now you have those fields.

Oh UTM medium. Right? Right. So if you put in CPC for median for instance, And hit apply filter. Now the stats will only show the people that came in through that so it's supposed to just going to show you one opt-in.

Oh my God, that's so cool. Because now been it's accurate like then now you have you don't have to worry of like if I just go to the the page and you know organically and mess it up because I can just have the people that came from the ads. Yeah. Now the only downfall is the only downfall is you know, what the search for right? So that's why having that spreadsheet is important because then you can go and you know what utms you used and you can see them that way.

there are other ways with like if you have like zapier that you can have all contacts and all orders exported to a Google sheet where you can see that stuff a little bit easier, but for what you're doing right now and the volume that you're doing as long as you have that spreadsheet and now, you know how to go search for it. You'll be able to kind of you filter the reports. However, you want to see them that's good. And so, you know, then eventually like you want to set up what what kind of traffic tracking do you guys use for you do do it with utms, or do you do it with a software? Yeah, so for us so for us most of the tracking happens in our CRM, which is Infusionsoft, right?

So when somebody when somebody opts in our opt-in forms have hidden fields that basically grab the utms and store it in the content the same way it's stored in the contact record inside a click funnels. We stored in the contact record inside of Infusionsoft. Um, so that later on we can run reports and Infusionsoft and say, you know, show me how many people same way you just filtered this right? Show me many many people came from this UTM or show me how many people purchased because they had that UTM like I can run all those types of reports inside of my CRM. So then you have all the reports in one place.

I have all the data about anyone says in one place. Basically. Yes, that's good. Yeah, so that's the advantage of something like Infusionsoft. But like I said, you have that information stored inside a clickfunnels here.

No, let's go. That's perfect. That's good. Okay, and then you guys don't use any zapier thing for for this what we do we do use appears. Like I said all contacts and all orders are dumped.

To a spreadsheet so that any time I can go. Look at the information and sort and filter it so you have both the Infusionsoft like thing on top of like this and disappear connection with spreadsheet. So you have all the data stored, correct? And this is like, you know the eventual like, you know, pro version of what I'm doing right now. I mean the spreadsheets just make it easier to to see that data.

Like you know, what because here you have to actually know what you're searching for and search for yeah as in the spreadsheet, I can see all the values that were captured and then I can sort and but I can visitly see it like I don't have to I don't need that etm spreadsheet to know what's captured because I can just look and say and that makes sense. And then same thing in infusion, like if I run a report in Fusion of show me all the people that opted in through this for the specific offer. I can just use to show those fields or not. So eventually like later on down the line once things pick up then I need to add zapier connection to a spreadsheet and And then I use yeah, I can't remember if there's a freeze up here level or not. No, it's okay.

I just wanted to know like, you know for the future because like, you know. You need to know these things I guess. You know might as well learn. I mean, I mean you could definitely track a lot of it in it just in a Google spreadsheet for now where you're just great sheets got you know every day and then the campaign name and how much you spent how many visitors you got and That kind of thing. Like Michael may have a template for that.

If not, I can find you one. Looks like you can set up a free zapier account with fives apps. I mean you can technically set that thing up. If you want or we can we can do it right now if you want to. Oh sure Matt as well.

Right because yeah, I mean, it's fun. There's somebody else ones. Okay, cool. Thank you. So just go to go to zapier and create a free account.

1B Oh. What window sign up? now if Google Sheets I'm trying to find I do I just yes before he you can select Google Sheets and this is just their quiz thing. Anyway, so doesn't even matter that much. Oh got you.

What do you need on the sheet? Hey, I'm just setting up for you or anything. Thank you. Okay, because you have your CDs so you probably deprecating now and that's good. Thank you.

So so far like what you were learning like. In the members area was it like helpful at some of it or not? Really? I mean that was as far as I got was really through those first couple entry one. I just had a few minutes to spare.

So I was like, yeah and poke around in here and I haven't gotten to any of the chords or any of that but I like your style man, like, you know, you're natural on camera. I think think they're a good teacher like there's what good energy. So I think he did a really great job with them. Thank you. Usually, you know, like when I have like students, I'll start them up like, you know on the first, you know.

I don't know I get I get right into it like the playing, you know, but like, you know, like even the other thing too like about and maybe you cover this right later, right? But when you were talking about holding the guitar like okay, like I get where it goes on my lap I get where my I get where my arm rests, although, you know, some people rest their elbow on the top of the guitar some people kind of come around from the end. Like that's fine. But like the more important part is like where does my hand go on? The Fret like is you know is the thumb at the top of the fretboard is it?

I'm back in the neck like Yeah hand position is probably more important than the strumming part. But and then even like the strumming part like you know is the am I strumming at the wrist and my strumming at the elbow? Like am I moving my whole arm am I moving just the wrists like The nuances man like that, you know, it's like you see it with Todd and copy right where he can change one word in a sentence. It has a whole whole different meaning you it's it's that kind of stuff that I think makes for a really great training that I don't know how many other people are covering well or not, but Yeah, so I sent you the other opt in for the the newer course the one I'm promoting right now. Okay, that one that one covers all of this like all that like that got It makes sense because like you basically want the principles of like, okay, what do I need to do to make everything sound?

Perfect. And again, like those are the core things, right? If you're not holding the guitar, right, you know holding the pick right and you're not holding the Fret the the neck right then everything else is gonna be wrong from there. Yeah. Yeah.

That's true. That that's Larry what I spend most of my time doing. I see just make just make a copy of that. Oops. Oh no.

Good copy right there. Just call it click funnels orders. Okay, cool. Now go back to hold on. I might be able to send you this app actually and You know.

Do I even need to update? To full zap here, or do I not no, you won't you won't need to update. Okay, cool. You can use that is that link? Try this out.

Oh, but click the purple button. Try this up. Okay get started. Don't know. just yeah, leave it elephant.

And then I all funnels or just all final steps is fine. This one no, wait, what the order system? Yeah. I'm not sure. I have to wait.

Yeah. Go go. I guess it's saved this one automatically. Let me change the name of mine. Should I really reload now just go back click refresh list, right?

No. No, okay. There you go. She won. Yep.

Select all yeah. Oh wow. And let's see. I don't know. I lost all setting.

All right scroll up. So click on click in that field. This one. Yeah. And then so first name?

and space Oh, wait, what first name? Oh, no. Start there his face. First name space and then click last name. Oh.

Alright now go to that one. That one's first name. Yeah, last name. Oh, no. No last name.

email You can search for it. Just and that little search box type email. Should have already lost the mapping, you know. Who's no? Oh, no.

so it's a profile address is the one you profile address Yeah for this. Mm-hmm. Oh. wait was the contact address did that one have a value? Just type address in that search field from it.

And either one of well, you only need one of them so. So contact address that's good. Yeah why those don't have values that? Oh, you're not collecting the address information on your order forms. Are you?

No. That's why they're blank. That's fine. So yeah contact state. country Is it no?

That's gonna be an profile shipping address. tattoo no shipping shipping state Oh. I don't know. I hate that about Xavier. I'm gonna do the same thing all the time.

Don't feel good. Oh my God, almost there. Wait, which one is this one shipping zip? product names this one should be one called products name this one, right? I think so.

Yeah. final study How do I just search for funnel stuff? They should all be named exactly the same this one. I'll step ID no funnel step ID. So step ideas that the idea of the page and funnel ID will be the idea of the funnel.

Created a good that's already said that. funnel c*** ID right final ID already and yeah, there's one called original amount since currency That doesn't probably yeah typically would be Infusionsoft subscription ID, but you're not using Infusionsoft. So I mean you could select it. It's never subscription idea or not here. That's fine.

That's fine here, especially. Yeah, here's in stripe. It'll probably populate it with that and I'm using active campaign right now, but How much active campaign doesn't manage the orders at all? So got you? UTM what they do here should be contacts.

You should just search for UTM. a little bit what's going on contact additional info just passed it? medium Which is source resource. Keep going. type UTM space source Oh, what the hell?

you see come back to utms. It's not Dash. It's definitely space. Back up. scroll down Yeah, turn everything's there except source.

What whenever I write sources it brings this one. I see ISO code. It could be whatever record it pulled in didn't have it set for whatever just skip it for right now. I can go back and we'll go back and put it in a minute. Um meaning No.

That won't that won't apply to you that one of affiliate May apply to you. Affiliates later to us contact ID affiliate affiliate idea Should I still have those on just in case like I ever used Infusionsoft? I okay can using product ID Not in the wrong field. Oh my God. and that everyone will fix that in a minute.

to okay, that's it. Hit next. centers Open the spreadsheet for a minute. oh and now oh That's 27 now. Yeah, it's it does it in sense for some stupid reasons?

Oh. alright and scroll over Well, I didn't have the UTM set up. Yeah, you didn't have the UTM set up and I don't know why I didn't capture his name though, because yeah, I don't know. I think you I think you need to use the contact profile. Let's see.

back Yeah change those to the profile fields. Profile first name it's still Unown for that person. So should I still have that? Yeah profile first name and spit know you're right. What verse double contact?

first there you go. Wait, why wasn't doing that what contact contact profile for yeah, that's fine. That's how it's not data comes in. But you want you want first name and last name in that field. So Just search for first, you know a you're in the wrong field.

Almost got me again. No last name? Is that good? Yeah. Oh.

Well, it doesn't know the name. I I mean I he may not have camped captured the name or something. Yeah, maybe alright, so that's fine. I'll click next. What turn it on turn on.

Yeah. Okay. Now we want to do is let's make a copy of that go into that go into that Google sheet. And so yeah. Why?

Oh, did you just enter your email? No could be just because you just gave me access to it a minute ago though or something. I give you access a while ago. I know. Anyways credit create a copy of this.

Make a copy. And just name that name this one click funnels contacts. Contacts yeah. And delete those delete those rows. And you can delete pretty much everything after the address stuff.

You can delete all those. Well you can leave in there for now what it wanted. You just won't fill them in. All right now go back to zapier. Mm-hmm and the click on.

You get there? Hate this new interface. Click that button. Which one this one? No.

This one just click on the zapier logo. And then scroll down. All right now click on the little lightning bolt thing. on the left click on the little three dots So free that's in this one. Yeah.

and say duplicate and then just click on the name of it. this one and then click on the trigger. But trigger the first step. All right. So instead of event new successful purchase change that to new contact activity.

continue all funnels all funnel steps. Yep. continue that's trigger. Okay, continue. And then everything should pipe the same so just scroll down.

Say test and review. and hoping that sheet open that sheet. Yeah the Google sheet. Yeah the new one. refresh should already piped it in there scroll over.

Did we connect that sheet? Oh, that's right s***. Sorry so scroll up. Yeah, so go under setup action. Yep, and worksheet.

and Oh and then keep everything the same. when this yeah, right. Yeah. Oh you're searching on the wrong spot? I don't know why the source field isn't pulling up.

Yeah. But whatever. I mean, it's mostly YouTube not you have the other ones in there at least and then once you start using the utms we can come back through and it'll probably pick it up. So click continue. Test and review.

Oh, no, my bad. Did this and continue check the sheet? What the hell? Oh, yeah, there's Well, there's no nothing else. well, because there's no Name or anything?

That's a weird. Go back into this up for a minute. Go scroll up. And go to set up action now, no, you know to change that. Why are there no?

Values there go go up to the previous step. to this one that activity given that go to test trigger continue On before you continue, let me see that data. So we got an email. We don't have his name. We'll get an email.

scroll down Well, most of oh well, cuz maybe that's one of the leads and so I didn't give me an email. They don't give me the name. It's just email. Yeah, well, which is fine go to. Where it says contact C and that drop down list choose a different one.

trying to be like most of my contacts are gonna be just emails. Okay, but this is the one I wanted because this one might have the source so scroll down. see Source in there now contact group Turn just oh, yeah. So now we got Source. Okay, great.

Oh, how do we can click continue? and continue continue all that's fine. All I've no go back. Go back to set up action. Set up action.

Yeah. scroll down to the fields Alright, it's not showing click refresh fields. Oh it UTM source. Yes, we found it. But as I guess I'm not sure why those other values are being set so you may have to reset them all for some weird on.

Why? Just taking TM will be. Oh, geez. What is this one term? man You take people are different breed breath.

Hey man, it's like that's what you do all day long before it takes more patience than this to learn how to play guitars. I don't know guitars like Oh, geez. Wait, that doesn't matter right? No, it doesn't matter. So should that be good?

Go up and do the name stuff. So all of its basically again, right? Yeah. Yeah. First name and last name?

No or contact profile. First name first name? Yeah. With this one also needs contact profile last name. Correct.

Yeah. How does it know my name instead? Oh because I did it before I bought something before. um contact last Man, we know everything about me. It's hot new down.

mmm Where do you live? all right outside of Raleigh, North Carolina North Carolina Where are you? I'm in Florida. Okay, what part through it like Clear Water Area, okay. Be down.

I'll be down there and I'll be in Orlando in two weeks for for top one. Nice. Is it like an event or well, it is a big event. Right? Well, it's our Mastermind.

Yeah, not big but it's about 40 people. That's good contact profile. country So if you log into the I don't know what you're doing, but if you log into the new members area, you're gonna see like the worksheets have all the rules and principles that you are like kind of asking for. Contact profile first. So that's a different members area.

Yes. Got it. Cool. so like do you have a guitar with you right now? And you want to play me something?

No. no, not on a recorded that call No, but I can't play tonight. I couldn't even start to play something. No. Yeah, brother not yeah.

Plays on drums, but not well I need I need to see what you can do. If you want we can get on another call. Yeah, that's not recorded. So there's no evidence of whatever trying what you need to do. You need to assign me a simple song to learn and then I'll go try to learn it.

And then once I once I try to learn it, then we can get on a call and you like all right. Here's everything you're doing wrong. Okay. Well, yeah, I can just walk you through through some things then I will just get on a call shipping. Ah, I hate this.

I mean those you don't even need because like they're not gonna be or these are just the contacts so that Here all you really want to see or what are all the opt-ins in the UTM. So I mean this stuff is in critical product name like That stuff isn't gonna be populated for well. This is a is important no. Not for this those will be on the other sheet with the orders. This is these are just contacts.

So this is just I had to redo all of the other one too. Right all the all the contact info stuff. But yeah the product all the orders the funnel step ID you could I would fix that. I think I just what might as well just do it. All right, because then I need to copy because I'm gonna have to make a copy of this zap and reconnect it to the other room.

She's not no they're so you got you got one zap that puts it puts all orders to the order sheet. You got this app. That'll put all contacts to the contact sheet. That's all but do since somebody if somebody buys they'll be on both sheets. So when they opt in they'll be on the contact sheet when they buy they'll be on any order sheet.

But like all these inputs that I inputted before it were wrong, right? No, they weren't they're not wrong on the orders one. They just they just didn't translate right when you duplicated this. Oh. Wait, would I do here products name again?

You're not gonna have that data because it's not you don't have your data. So just okay. So yeah, everyone is fine, right? Yeah, you can just delete those. Just leaving blank.

And this I don't know all this all those delete. like how do you even like? start wrapping your head around all this things like like how all this works, you know, it's funny like yeah, I mean part of it is understanding what data is captured and where it's stored and then what you want to do with it. It's you know, I've been playing with shopping carts dudes since since 98. So like I just know it but you know, it's the same way that you know, you know, the G chord versus a G minor chord, you know, yeah.

Study, I guess you got a you got to remember it in you. That's crazy. Yeah, that's do a retest and retest and review. And I'm going to sheet. Yes, there we go.

Sweet. And the annoying part with tech stuff for me. It's like there's always something that goes wrong. There's never one time that I do something and nothing goes wrong. Yeah, let's do one more thing.

So click on the top left corner of that sheet that little box no go back to the sheet. Click on that little right. That's very top left corner, right underneath you two. Top left corner it tap water right below that by underneath. Yeah click there.

And then go to data. and the beta and the menu is data. and say just create a filter. Okay, great. So now what you can do is now you see each of the columns has little headers on it.

Mm-hmm. So if you scroll, oh, wow, that's cool. But so now if you go to like the utms, so go to one of the ATM columns. Right. So now you can filter this at any time and be like, hey just show me all the ones that were Sweet Home Alabama right?

You can should I go from A to Z or no, see below where it shows the values. So you would say you would you would say clear right? So you so you select nothing first. So click on the little clear link and then click. All right, just show me the one and then it'll just filter the sheet and just show you.

So that's how you'll be able to kind of Now quickly see at a glance, but now you don't have to know the value what the values work because they'll all be in the sheet. And when you use that filter, it'll be easier to filter stuff. So, okay, make sure you clear the filter when you're done because otherwise you'll come back to the sheet. You'll be like, where's all my data? So yeah.

No, it's not tall. Huh now select all select. Oh, yeah. Got you. Okay great so I can delete this right to the same thing on the order sheet.

I can delete all this right. Yes. I've been on Jordan sheet. I need to create the filter too. Right?

So go right here and then data. Yeah. Create filter. Yep. I am and then.

Yeah, and that's it. Right and you can filter by other things, right? You can filter by which products they buy you could fill their buy which funnel step and just so you know, like where those IDs so bring up click funnels for a minute. So if you look in the URL see at the top where it says funnels one two, two six nine two. Oh, yeah, that's the idea right here.

And that's the idea of the funnel and then if you were on a page, like go into the the steps. Go back. No good. Go to click funnels. That's that's a page.

What do you mean? Yeah. Oh, yeah, they're click steps in the blue header. And so now see the step ID up in the URL the 806-26471. Wait where up in the URL see where it says funnels one.

So that's all it's right here. Got you that ID is the is the idea of the page? So if you want to know exactly which page they bought personal right here in from that's what that would tell you. Cool, very cool. That's amazing.

That's amazing. Like, you know, I didn't even know this was even possible. It's like all these things you can do but like you you don't know, you know all good cool. Well, thank you. I appreciate that.

And so Whenever just one quick question. If I wanted to like consume right now, I'm doing this like this. Survey kind of thing. This is like homepage right if I wanted to. get the data from that right because like right now if somebody goes through this usually the data doesn't come in anywhere if I wanted to know what people were mostly doing like let's say I send like a 10,000 people there.

It'd be valuable for me to know all their mainly playing acoustic or other mainly like 12 or you know, but like yeah, so it does store the day it does store the data in in the clickfunnels contact record once you have the quiz set up. And you have a couple people that have submitted it. Then that data will show up in zapier and we can add extra columns to the sheet and you could store those answers in the sheet the same way great. Okay, awesome. So you do the same thing with up here and and so I'm not gonna need to pay for it.

It's still gonna work. You can have up to five zaps for free. So oh great. Oh, yeah, really these two are the only ones you really need. Oh.

All right. Well, thank you. You're pretty much done, right? It's 1pm. Perfect.

Awesome. Good. Thank you. Yeah, are you busy right now? Huh?

Is it right now? No, I got a little bit of time. I mean you wanna you want to get off this call and get on a zoom call so I can teach you some guitar here. Let me just stop recording and
