---
title: "Tech 2022-09-16 15:59:08"
date: 2022-09-16
duration: 1h 19m
duration_seconds: 4760
vimeo_id: 750464915
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-09-16 15:59:08

**Date:** 2022-09-16 | **Duration:** 1h 19m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Sweet what's going on? weird stuff but yeah, he never mind. So, I don't know lately. I've been running my ads and stuff. And so I got some sales and the funnel metrics looks good.

But the the month like the economics just don't work. Okay. And there's a few things that was going to do. So one thing I want to talk to you about today is like what is the best way to just like really just dial in a follow-up sequence, you know, because there's a multiple ways to do it and in the training he talks about like a multi video kind of sequence or like he talks about having like some tool like videolytics where you just kind of like grab them back from where we stopped or something like that. And when you send them back to the page where the video starts again from where they stopped I believe and so I just wanted to talk to you through that like from the tech aspect of things.

Yeah. Um, but I do have some other questions that are like not so Tech related and I don't know if you know, I mean you sound like you know what you're doing, but I can help you okay with that, whatever. Yeah, it doesn't doesn't have to be Tech. Okay. Thank you.

So which one do you want to start with? We can start with the with the campaign stuff. Okay. What's CRM are you using? CRM is active campaign.

Okay? Can you see my screen? Yep, all right. So you said you said active campaign stuff first? Yeah, yeah probably easier.

Oh, yeah. So here this is a campaign. I wrote before like the long long time ago. I did like a soap opera sequence like a five video kind of thing a five five email thing. So he talks about not putting the actual message in the email.

But just sending him sending them so which one should I do because right now don't have relatives installed. I tried to upload something but it didn't work on videoletics and then my trial ended and now like I can't downgrade back to the free trial free free thing. So I don't know and it's like 69 dollars a month. Like is it like really worth it for me to just get vitalytics is is it that much better and then I just would send them to a page where it's like it starts back from wherever started. so so both both vitalytics and and wistia have that feature.

I believe where someone you can set it so that somebody has already been to the video can can resume the video where they left off. So you don't necessarily have to use vitalytics. It just does it easier but like I said wistia has it as well with yeah. Yeah, but that's that's also you got to pay right? Yeah.

Yeah, I mean everything else you're gonna have to pay for but yeah. Yeah and how much is yeah, I guess but we see I think you can get that. There is a free plan for like three videos. I think where's the Okay. Oh, all right.

Well look into that and so should I even do that? Because I mean right now I have a hundred leads or so already uh-huh, you know, so like I haven't sent anything to anyone. So I'm guessing you know, it'd be better to have like either multi email kind of thing. Should I send them back to always the same sales page or just send them back to like a product launch kind of thing. So I mean part of it depends like what you have in terms of of content, right?

and and the other part would be like how much like ideally you would know. The ideal setup is they come in from the ad. They opt in. First before they see the vso which I think is how you have it set up and then you would actually track how much of the DSL that they watched right? Because if you don't know.

If you don't know whether they saw the offer or not then going back to them with the you know, like so people did see the offer like those people didn't buy because they don't trust you. They don't see the value something right? There's some there's some credibility gap that's preventing them for buying right because they saw the offer. So for those people typically you would be sending proof right case studies testimonials like all that kind of I think you stealing with their objections. Like you just gotta get them.

You got to convince them to buy whereas the people that didn't see the offer then obviously you got to get them to get to the point where they see the offer right? And so if they didn't watch They didn't watch the video up to that offer then. You probably want to take what's in the video and break it into smaller chunks. To get them to that right in general. I would say you don't want to try to communicate all of that in an email right the goal the goals of the emails.

Should be to get them to click on something and go somewhere else to get. Because people see a long email. They're just not going to read it. Right. It's just like And most people are most people reading emails on their phone.

They see a long email. They're more like the discipline, right so that and and you can't tell whether somebody You can't tell how much time somebody spends on an email, right? So there's no metric. If somebody doesn't click on the email. There's no metric for you to gauge whether that email is effective or not.

If it contains a lot of copy and okay, you know what? I mean? So what you tell me that the easiest way really to do this the proper way is to have like, you know to know where they stop to watching basically and right now so far. I haven't done that. So that's stupid and punching myself for not actually figuring out this video.

It is things last time I want because I'm a dumbass, you know, but Yeah, and that's where vitalytics is gonna make that easier because even if like with wistier or Vimeo or whatever then you still got to use a another third party tool that you have to pay for it to do that sort of tagging, right? So at this point like like if I was just thinking about monetizing like the leads that I have because right now like, you know, I mean like on all this I lost a lot of money I guess but I can think like I just made all these like leads the best way to just convert those leads. Let's say I look at it from like oh, this is my house list or whatever, you know. the best way to do that would you know because right now I don't have the the data of like, oh how far did they go? You know, I mean, the only thing I can remove the people that bought from that lease list, right correct, and you know so far it looks like yeah, I don't know but so you should you should have that set up in active campaign, right?

You should have you should have a list of prospects and a list of customers and yeah guys actually move them move them off the prospects list into the customers list. Yeah so far I didn't have that set up. So I need to do it manually and then I need to have it all set up because yeah, but I know you can do that inactive campaign. um but yeah, but so so you've got two options at this point because like you said you don't have the data as to enter so you can either do You could basically do some sort of soft offer. Right, like, you know, hey try the program for just a dollar.

Check try it out for seven days after seven days. Like you're not completely blown away like refund your dollar. Otherwise, I'm going to charge you 39 bucks. Or whatever the price of the program is, right? Okay.

So yeah, okay, I would take the risk off and and so I would probably do that in stages. I would do something like that some sort of soft offer or it's no risk for them. They can they can check it out and you know certain percentages gonna stick certain percentages not that's fine. And then from there I would go to all the people that didn't engage with that at all and potentially ask them like hey, you know, why didn't you buy this? Um, just to get some feedback find out what's going on and then a third thing I would do would be to potentially look at Look for an affiliate offer that's not competitive to you.

That that they may benefit from right so you paid for these leads right? So, how can you get some of your money back from an affiliate offer or something else? Okay, so you said start with a soft offer then? What was the Second Step Second Step would be a survey as to you know, hey, oh survey or people. Who didn't buy?

Yeah. That's a good idea and then and then affiliate offer if I want to do that. Yeah. But before I do this, it may take multiple, you know, I would find a handful affiliate offers that you could promote over time so that you know as you keep as you keep doing this as you keep building a list like the list goes through this process, right like so they they come from the ad they opt in there's a there's a did not buy campaign in place for those that opt in that don't buy within say 24 hours. It's trying to convert them convert them convert them and then that automatically drops down to the software campaign and that automatically drops down to the survey campaign and then that automatically puts them into a sequence of affiliate offers that you're using just to try to recoup some of your money on these leads.

you got you so it's mainly these three steps right here where it's like soft offers survey and then affiliate now like since like, you know right here, this is my analytics so far and the offer doesn't come in until Right here, right so 20 minutes in or so in the price actually doesn't come in until like 20. Like 22 or so, so the button doesn't appear because I'm still doing vsl with button right button doesn't appear until then. So most of the time what is this? That's like 25% of people watch till there. Yeah, and by the way, my my funnel metrics are Are not too bad like you see like this is all the metrics I have.

So far so like my click-through rate is 155 average. I have higher and lower ads or whatever average cost per click is 93. Opt-in rate is 27.5.05. So it's not cool amazing, but it's not bad then sales page conversion rate is 11 which in the training like they say like 1.5 is good. I don't know if they mean like sales conversion rate.

Yeah, it's like sales conversion rate. So yeah, okay says conversion rate. Got you. So my sales Community was better and now over the past few days. There was like, you know sales didn't go, you know, very no more sales.

So I don't know what happened whatever and my cost per acquisition went up a lot interesting. But you see like right here. It looks like order from conversion is pretty good, too. It just looks like the onion economics are not really working. So given that like 75% of people haven't actually even seen the full message.

before I do a soft offer, would it make sense to like do Of like offer but have marketing message. right do the full like You know message conception and consumption and then like after response like like in the trainings. Yeah, what makes do you have a sales pay? Do you have a a written version of the vsl? Yeah version of it.

Mm-hmm. Yeah, so I mean that I would start by sending them back to that right so they can they can see the entire message and the offer. Clearly like there's no, you know, if they didn't consume the video. There's there's not a whole lot of reason to keep sending them back to the video like There it wasn't interesting enough for them to stick with it and watch it. So sending them back to it isn't going to solve that problem, right?

So so then what should I do? So I would send them back to a a written version of everything version. Okay. All right. Okay so that I've been version so then for like my 12 emails or whatever so then it's not really behavioral triggered thing is just like keep on sending them back to the same sales page.

So the the general assumption would be from the time that they opt in. They should be put into a sequence that that operates under the assumption that they're not going to buy. right Yeah, then your assumption is they're not going to buy because maybe 98% of them aren't gonna buy. So the goal of that sequence is is going to be to get them to buy so the way to get them to buy is going to be again, not only You know, so you assume that they're not gonna buy and you assume that they didn't watch the vsl. All right, so they didn't buy they didn't watch the vsl.

What do I got to do? What I gotta do to buy I got a I gotta I got a convey. I got a convey the unique mechanism to them. I got a convey the arguments of them. I got a convey the offer to them and I got a stack on as much proof as I can and take away as much risk as I can.

right Okay. right, so it's basically I just need to deliver the message to them in some way the full marketing message, right or Break It Up in a bite-size joke break it up into by might say so, you know one emails about the unique mechanism and it's leading them to a page talking about, you know, whatever the unique mechanism is and how you found that or whatever and one did but again usually if we're assuming that they haven't seen the offer or the key thing is that they see the offer right? So whatever Pages you send them to. Should contain the offer on it so that it's clear. So every time I send them to a page it should contain the offer.

So I could have like some kind of like. Hmm. Well just a long-form ventures send them to always to a long form with maybe a shorter video. Yeah, it could be a shorter video. It could be you could be an edited version of the full vsl that leads to the offer.

And so so yeah, that's what I'm trying to understand. Like should I just break down this vsl it let's say into like lead in one and one piece and then another piece and another piece in our piece and send them to a page every time or Just but what I would say is what I would say is you probably want the video at the top of the page for people that want to watch a video, but you should have it all kind of right now below the video. Okay. So so kind of like the way the long form my head. Okay, so I'll do that the hybrid long form, right?

Okay, so I do that and I send them always back to that page. now What do I say in the emails? Like do I like how you know, how do I do I what how do I say? What do I do in the emails? You know?

Like because right now like it's like email marketing is it is very different in between like just regular, you know, writing normal, you know campaign and writing emails. Like how do you communicate over emails to your list? Like do you say hey, here's the link and keep on saying that or like do you have to do that? Because you know Seinfeld kind of thing like no well, so it's it's it's about it's about it's just it's about pretty much the same thing rights about getting their attention and getting them getting them curious enough to click right? So the goal the goal of each email is going to be to get them to click not to read an email and and so you have to You know not be fully blind in the copy, but but pretty blind in terms of.

Blind blind meaning you're not revealing. What is on the next page? Like you're not the email doesn't like they have to click to find out what the hell is on page. Right? So you would you would tease them with something, you know, like You know, the number one the number one way that that Pros Pro guitarists do blank right something.

Yeah, and I'm just spitballing here like don't yeah. No, but something like, you know something that's gonna grab my attention that you know as a pain point for the audience. and you know and then the email something along the lines of you know. You know over my years, you know over years teaching, you know, both both new and pro guitarist blah. The one thing I found that they struggle with the most is about and and here's the solution.

I found to fix that click here right like something along those lines that so the sub so let's say my first subject if you do you mind if we go over like kind of like together and just like that could go something like And in thinking about like each part of my marketing message, right? So because in my marketing message, actually, let me let me read you this. So that's like a shorter version of like the lead right I made right so because I'm going back and I'm like just you know, trying to chop off as much stuff because I think like 22 minutes is too long for for my funnel and I think I should shorten that because my competitors do that they come in like seven minutes in with Day offer. So I'm thinking that my big idea but how are some guitar players able to Captivate and blow our minds? What others just don't in this video you're going to discover science basic secret that the best musicians in the world use to Captivate Their audience and how you can use it to to sound like a pro player in 10 to 15 minutes a day and best part is you can do this without practicing for hours every day learning confusing music theory or reading music because this is different.

It's not based on normal music approach in colleges books or YouTube. It's based on a simple psychological trick. You see are the best artists in the world the greatest musicians that write the music the whole world listens to? We know more about psychology of and we know about music every big popular artists from the 50 Cent 60 70s and whatever Beyond but I'll use this one psychological trick. And once you know what it is, you can add it to playing in just 10 to 15 minutes day.

I'm thinking like sometimes I'm repeating myself too much. No, that's fine. As long as you're stating the same thing over and over differently. That's fine. So I mean, yeah, so I mean obviously that could be the for the very first email could be something along those lines, right the the the psychological trick that separates.

you know amateur guitar players from from the pros or something like that how to use well, oh, yeah the psychological trick. difference between a pro A beginner and pro guitar player or something like that? And then it's not what you think or something like that. Yeah, it could be could be something along those lines. So every time I write an email, I'm basically writing a mini marketing campaign.

Right. Yeah, you're you're pulling out a piece of the argument and and exposing that part of the argument. Yes, so I could actually just go there and just be like okay here. I could take this. And just use that in my subject line, right?

It's a little long. But yeah. Did you did you did you address the issue that we talked about last time with the targeting of? Like yeah, I messed around with some different targetings and I changed to leads right because we changed back to funnel too right to to just an opt in. So the machine is learning a lot better we've leads because there's a lot more input to just make decisions with right.

So this is working and I tried to a whole bunch of different targetings and just like you said I was thinking that was actually very helpful this time. I appreciate that. Um, I I basically like thought about okay, what would you try our players like look for and I thought about like chords and this ended up being the best performing out of all of the ads I guess. um, but my you see like my content is what display? You know like F chord, you know, I feel like players that are like getting like Advanced more advanced like they all they start looking for that stuff.

Did you ever look for one of these? No, because I'm not at that level yet. So you're on you're definitely on the right track. Yeah. Okay.

Well, I still need to give you my my course. Let's make sure I do that before the end. But anyway, so right here. science basic secrets Yes on you know, so curiosity would be you know, are you using? Are you using the same science-based secret of the top musicians use?

It's yeah, it's long, isn't it? Like for subject line? It's a little long, but It's it's enough to It's Gonna you can see like I have to open it to find out. Yeah. Okay.

So I did the main thing is that with with like the subject line just important thing is make them curious. So they click so that they open it. Well the subject lines to get them to open it and then the body of the emails to get the click. All right secrets. the best shoes Let's see.

That's a little too long. Are you using? Are using this science-based secret. How about on the email? Because I can also do there's the the extra part on the bottom.

So are you using this and then under it I can go like Are using the science-based secret? I don't know. Do you think that would catch the attention because sometimes I get birds like some headlines like I see like for abandoned car, for example, they're like what happened and then all right, like oh you left a card, so maybe I can do that. yeah, you know are using this secret the pros use right you using this psychological trick or Are using the secret. Alright are using?

the secret that that prose use yeah. And then pre header I can you know. Yeah, pre-order could be something you know, it's are you using the secret of the pros? Is that good? oops No.

No, I yeah, it's you know, are you using this same Secret? that for the pros use to the question is too what like Again, it goes back to that. It goes back to what you know whether they want to but what if I just like say the promise. Which would be use this? psychological trick to sound like a pro in 10 15 minutes a day.

something like that, maybe and then well oh man, this is just I don't know it the subjects like you're just gonna really like that. This is where this is where I would just pull out a blank sheet of paper and you're basically just gonna like write a bunch of different headlines, right and just kind of just just headline. So the pain is that like it's like I need to do this every day. And I just like spend like an hour day on just writing one email. I'm screwed because they can't just take that long to write a stupid email, you know.

Right, but it again they don't have to be wrong. Right the the emails don't have to be long. Yeah, they just have to be compelling. But but it's sometimes it's hard to make it compelling man. It is to make it long.

Right, right. So now I get it. It's not the easiest part. and the bigger thing is just like literally map out on paper like And you've already done all this work, right? So it's like you already know what your what your argument is.

You know what your cpb chunks are right. So like just right right and email for each of your cpv chunks. alright and convey that oh, yeah. Well, yes, so I started with the big idea and then my second email would be About like my introduction I guess. Okay, you know my story my background.

Yeah a little bit. Yeah, I mean because here basically like this right like this was my new kind of script and script. I wanted to kind of follow, you know, but like lead, you know, the benefits I started I can start with the leads right the lead and just be like, hey go back to the training because like this is everything that you're gonna get. basically and then in story credibility and big idea, so I want to kind of weave in the the big idea in a story and this new one because I feel like it'll just catch on better. and then unique mechanism intro and just you know, tell them with the unique mechanism you get all the things you want without the things you don't want.

So basically right one email for all of this, right? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. I mean that's not a bad place to start and that's that's a pretty good structure and that be like message conception part of things and then the next stage is like offer response, right? And this is not behaviorally triggered but whatever.

No, it's just at this point. It's just a nurture sequence right like Nurture. So a nurture sequence is just like when you have leads you just nurture them. Yeah, it's like, you know that they for whatever reason they didn't respond to the offer. Okay?

Well, let's give them all. Let's make sure that make sure we've done everything to at least give them all the information they need to to make an educated decision. Right? So right and they know what the benefits of this thing are if they know why it's Unique and why it works they know that you're credible if they know exactly what they're gonna get if you recap the bonuses you recap the offer you we take away the risk. Um, you know, all that kind of stuff.

Okay, and then always send them back to my same long form sales page for now. Not always so it just depends right? Like it depends what you have internal content like if you have You know, if you have a proof page like if you have a bunch of testimonials and all that kind of stuff then I would send at some point. as you're building your credibility for instance, you know hair go here and check out all the people that That have gone through the system and Rave about it. Right and I would do that probably around around there right like around this after I think they know the message already.

Yeah, I mean it could be part of your credibility. And should I send them like to ever like just different videos that are not selling anything or like different pages right? Because All the pages will have a buy button on it. Right all the pages will have we'll have a button that goes back. Like like I said, I would send them back.

I would build a page that has the vsl at the top with the vsl transcribed in a full sales message below it with the offer and everything like that. So they can they don't have to watch to be a sell to clearly see the whole thing. So for now, I just send them back to that all the time and then eventually I could just send them to you know test and you can extra free training right? I could just send them to that too or like social media content because I'm about to post shorts on tiktok and whatever. A good send them to that or not.

Really? I wouldn't send them to social media content just because it's gonna be harder harder for you to track whether that worked or not. Okay? Yeah you wherever you send them. There should be a an ability for them to buy so well, if I put social media content on my let's say embedded on click funnels, right?

Let's say I have like four shorts and I'm like here are the shorts for this week and then they can go to the very and just be like, hey if you want extra help click the button below and just buy or something like that. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you could do that. I don't know but that's probably not going to convert as well, right? But it's like it's gonna like kind of like it's just kind of give first, you know, kind of thing.

I don't know. Well, I mean yes or no, I we haven't we haven't found that you have to give like that's like I get to know like and trusting and all that kind of stuff, but that's unfortunately it's not actually that that true right like, okay like like the bottom line is if the offer if the offer is irresistible, they don't have to trust you if you know like if it's a no-brainer offer and they have nothing to freaking lose then Then trust isn't as big. And still important but it's not as big an issue, right? So yeah. You know, you just have to think about it from the standpoint.

You have to two things. You're trying to accomplish here. Number one, you know that 75% of people didn't see the offer. Because only 25% of the people are making it to that point in the video, right? So first thing you got to do is expose them to the offer.

Right. That's that's the number one thing is making sure they understand that there's even an offer being made and and why that thing is important to them and why it's different than everything else. They've tried and why it's gonna solve their problem. Okay, so that's number one. Why once you've once you're pretty confident that you've exposed them to the offer.

Then the next step is okay. There's something about the offer that is still preventing them from buying. So what do I got to do to eliminate whatever that friction point is right and that's and that's what I'm saying. You know, that's potentially where you either make it a soft offer. You ask them why they're not buying it like because you want that feedback anyways, right like especially at this stage like you want to be finding out like You know, hey you obviously interested in this you clicked on it.

You gave me your email you watched part of the video and opening clicking my emails. You haven't bought this thing. Why not? Okay. So basically my marketing message consumption is this and then once they go through a 14 emails or whatever and I'm like, you know, I just kept on time everything.

Oh. Hidden price, okay. Well, I mean here and all of these. I don't know. I probably can break it down more right like breaking down less because you know, I can just probably talk about yeah, I would have one one email that yeah, so I would have just one email that that kind of restates the offer I would have one email that talks specifically about the bonuses I would have so I would do like what five how many emails in total you say?

I don't think you need more than 10 emails tops and in this sequence, like if everyone after 10 emails and I'm gonna buy you, okay. Okay so lead. So the first one is the lead video. Everyone's gonna be a story. I would say story and unique mechanism or two different things like Once you're done the ones your credibility and story The Others unique mechanisms or two different things.

Okay, so the first one is lead. Slash story I guess. slash big idea because really in the lead there's No, no lead big idea and then story big idea. of incredibility No. Well credibility and story is the same thing.

I guess like the my story is supposed to convey to credibility to Well, there's your story and then there's a story of the mechanism. Right. Okay, so credibility. story and then make anything. So my credibility story would be like, you know, I used to struggle and I wanted to be a problem well because the actual stories like I was struggling and I wanted to be a professional musician and so then one night I saw this this musicians playing and I went there and he was like Hey, you play music you want to come up here on stage to play and I played some songs and bad at the end, you know, I was nervous and whatever but at the end I talked to him.

I was like am I ready? Am I ready to be a professional musician? He told me basically I wasn't ready and it's like and shattered all my dreams and many was like but just go home. I could be the subject line, by the way. Am I ready?

Am I ready? Oh, yeah. Good idea. Am I ready? And then yeah, so afterwards you told me hey you can actually like Go home and just watch all these professional musicians and see what they do and then you'll see that what you're missing and then I went home and I researched that for like a year, you know, and I was researching and just learning and learning all these things.

And then I also just went and nerded out into like the sideology of music and all that. and then I figured out that all these musicians use once icological trick and that trick is that they trigger the emotional center of our brain called the amygdana to make his feel emotions wherever music and the way they do that is with a whole bunch of different techniques, which then became a microstatics then I just put all these things that I've learned from all these professional musicians how they trigger the emotional center of the brain and I put it all in one place. And this is what microstatics is. Which is my unique mechanism. And then I would go into the five steps.

So there's five steps. Where's the foundation? There's the Dynamics Embellishments. percussion and then integration and yeah, so once you get all those five steps you're able to play like a pro and just send 15 minutes a day because of this I guess. Yeah, so I would have I would have one email for each of those five steps then.

Okay, so mechanisms. So The credibility story slash mechanism. and then like The credibility story would be what you just said, right like, you know, like like the email would basically tease them on. The email would basically be something along the lines of you know, there I was at I there I was standing in the front row and and the band on stage asked me to come up and play Frozen in fear and uncertainty. You know, yeah, it wasn't in feared uncertainty.

What what did I do? Click here to find out right? And then it goes to the page that tells them what the hell happened. Okay. Yeah, that's that's story of yeah.

Yeah, but just doing it like we're starting with the high drama part right kind of like Russell Brunson says Yeah, like what you just did basically. Yeah, I was on stage. That's got my you know, now I'm curious about that happened to you right if you're in that situation. Okay, so clearly story and then you know. five steps So step one basically.

step one so step one foundations step two Dynamics step 3 but step 4 and step 5 man I I need you know how to type like the real way of typing do you ever learn that I never learned that I learned? I learned it a little bit in school, but I don't use it. Sometimes I feel like I'm like so held back by like my how slow my fingers are like on the keyboard. It's like it's so annoying I can use them good on the guitar, but like we're useless on the keyboard. Anyway, so I go through each step.

So, that'd be seven emails so far. and then offer Yeah. offer then guarantee So offer includes the bonuses. You could split the bonuses out into separate email if you wanted to. Or should I or should I not?

It depends how it depends how sexy the bonuses are. I mean, I feel like I could I could I mean I don't know based on like are the bonuses exciting enough that I would want to buy the thing just to get the bonuses which is what they should be typically right? Hopefully they are. Here to me. Let me show you the actual page anyway, so should I ever use pictures in my emails or is that another good thing to do?

If if the if the picture actually helps convey something important then then yeah, but I wouldn't like put like your logo at the top of the emails or anything that kind of stuff or just you know, your picture in the footer or signature just like yeah, the ones images the better, but if it's it. Excuse me. if it's an image that conveys curiosity and and gets them to want to click to find out what the hell it is. And yeah. Gotcha.

So yeah, I mean here like I feel like my bonuses are pretty good. I mean I would want my bonuses if I were someone, you know, it's just like Pro level Caper tricks. So you can Master playing in every key without changing chords you play, you know here we'll find the perfect key for singers instantly, you know, you sound cool even if you're playing with an hour guitar player. I don't know hand strength memorability blueprints this I researched the market so it's like This was like, you know people talk about this like people made courses about this all the time, right? So this is like people complain all the time about their hand strength and my God, it's hard to press down on the guitar and whatever and oh, I can't reach and like the g-core is hard because I can stretch and whatever and I remember that was my pain too.

No G chord for me. I don't know. I don't know why you're paying is guitar memory for forgetful people like people they always forget chords and lyrics I used to forget that all the time, you know. Smart guitar players equipment buying guide, you know that. Um, that was a good idea from Paul.

And then the guitar shortcuts privates like group. Where like so I feel like I could totally just make one email for each bonus. But like how long do I want to keep on pushing the same thing? I mean you got nothing to lose right like again, I think if you're leader already right worse things gonna happen is they're gonna unsubscribe and that's fine like okay. Yeah, we always say you keep emailing until they buy dire unsubscribe so literally take every piece of this.

I could literally just copy and paste this with some tweaking right here of each part module one foundations module 2 Dynamics, whatever. Yeah. I'm so stupid what I'm thinking that I just slicing it up and delivering it more bite-sized packages. Wow, yeah. But the other thing you're gonna want at some point is is some urgency right?

Like, you know, we we know that deadlines get people to buy so that's that's where I would do something like that, you know dollar trial thing, but it's all you know, only for 48 hours like 48 hours, right? So I would do that for the end once you've tried everything else. Okay, so I just break everything down so far and then I can do also recap of everything we're getting. Like I don't get it. Why didn't you get this is so much stuff for just so little, you know, just give him this is everything you get in the Okay, I don't have let me see something hang out.

I have something for you. I think that'll help with this. So another thing is like all these people that buy. I never hear from many of them. like You know, it's like very encouraged to reach out and whatever but like they don't.

I mean that's that's probably a good thing to some degree like but I'm just thinking because like I offer like, you know, like coaching and whatever like also a part of it like I don't feel like we should reach out and be like, hey, I'm struggling with this. Can you help me? You know, I mean, you should definitely be reaching like you shouldn't put it on then the reach out you should especially right now where you're just getting started like like you want that feedback like, you know, hey, like what? Why did you buy this? Like why you know, how could it be better like all that?

So you personally calling people as they buy it, it's Christian. Yes. I just bought the course, you know want to see make sure you gotta access to everything. Okay, so you get any questions? Yeah like and tell me a little bit about you know, just now like personally, we're not even through the email is just reaching out personally, right?

Yeah, either on the phone or you can ping them on Facebook or you know, whatever. Well, I don't have. I don't have their phone number. You're not capturing their phone number around on the order now. No.

Oh. No, I'm not because I'm just doing. I'm doing just like the credit card info. And then name? Yeah, I would I would have first name last name email and phone number.

Oh, but they were like, oh if you have less stuff in the conversion will be higher. Yeah, but there's value to you. There's value to you to have I mean for sure having the phone number isn't gonna like somebody's gonna buy they're gonna buy they're not gonna buy because you're asking for the phone number like that's pretty okay. So put the phone number in the order form. Okay?

Yeah at least have that. I mean ideally you want their ideally you would want their billing address to just so like potentially later on if you wanted to do a coaching program or Mastermind program. I can mail them you do a direct mail campaign, right? hmmm Do you sell trains play guitar? A little bit Yeah, but the email I just got back.

It's a you can send it to Teddy at marketing funnel automation.com. You just got back. I just got back from from a five day music festival less last week. Nice person. I got covid while I was out there.

So oh no. and is that correct? Let's see. Any marketing for automation account? Yep.

Oh, yeah. Well, actually let me send it to you because then you can make your own password you want to do that? Yeah good because then I have to have you do that. Before I can give you access for free. Do you know you found click funnel?

Like there's a wave actually, yeah, you'd perfect. Can I give you access for free without having to use sign up first and then me giving you access after you sign up. I don't believe so not okay. The and I'm gonna give you access to a course in the portal called campaign cash pops. Which John did that has a lot?

Yeah. No, I think I do have that one. But like yeah. and and I went there and I just used this but like you see right here. But this is what I was learning from there.

Like I was learning the behavioral triggered automation stuff. Right. Now you would want the General on convertedly the offer intensification. They offer a response like those those three. Oh.

Four abandonment second. Yeah. Yeah, so I tried to download these and just I use this for like the the abandonment. I made an abandonment campaign. Just go to the swipe files one, of course right there.

Yeah. Whatever right there Kit Kat campaign catch pop swipe files. right above Platinum Oh. Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I downloaded these. Yeah, so that has that has I mean that I give you some starting points at least. Okay. Well, but I still need to go with my personalized message though, right? Like I still need to send them.

Yeah, you're still gonna have to message conception. Yeah, and and do that, okay. Yeah, and I'll make sure I do also all of these, you know, but but first I need to have the full message conception thing right where I just go through everything correct like we talked about. This is really what I was just like not sure about but I don't know why because I just did all the work already. I'm like, I just realized that I was like wait.

I'm so damn. What was the what was the link to the click on? Oh, yeah here. mark Wait Link and so where are you at with your guitar playing I did I'm just getting just getting started. Just getting started.

Yeah. I've been so busy. I haven't really had time to Put any effort into it to be completely honest, but got you. Well, that's gonna be perfect for you. Then.

That's the beginner course, it's not it's not the one I'm just talking about right now. Where's the beginner course so I mean? Very beginner. All right. Got it.

you so wait, where was your music festival? It was an or right outside of Virginia. I was a whole it was a big metal festival basically, so and big metal festival. Here you go. So, is that what you want to play you want to play Meadow?

I'm my favorite genre is definitely like 90s 90s group of stuff. Yeah. Now he's grunge. Yeah, I see. That and eight eighties here 80s big big hair metal now.

Yeah, I love that. Yeah. Yeah. I love me some good AC/DC. Well, this is not quite gonna teach you AC/DC, but it's it's gonna teach you the basic of like the beginning, you know, the basic chords you need to know and because if I teach you power chords right away, you're gonna die, right?

I'm sure. It's this it will get your fingers strong enough to be able to do the rest, you know, got it. Why is it not popping up? Here you go. All right.

No, wait. Oh, here we go. And I give you also the other one when you're ready, okay? Sweet. So yeah, I got everything I've ever made.

Oh, yeah. Awesome, man. Forward to it. Yeah, and if you have any questions, just let me know like in their results I talked about I here's the video feedback. You can go down down there.

You can draw up like a Vimeo like you you record a video and drop it on there on Dropbox. I think image shares it with me. Okay, there's probably like email me. So I just make sure I get it, you know, because I don't check it as much because I don't resale that course right now because it never really worked but The marketing didn't work, but the course works. That's good.

Like I had like somebody go through it for 21 days straight and by the end of 21 days, he was able to strum and and switch chords, you know, not like super perfect, but he was doing pretty good. I mean like right you got better way faster than I did. So that's a win for me. All right, so Yeah, so I mean that was my main question with this now. I don't know if you know anything about like YouTube like do you know like you you have your your own business too, right?

What's your business? Well, I mean, I'm just you know, I'm a general Tech consultant to to people like Todd and you know other top marketers and stuff like that. So your Tech consultant and how do you get jobs? Mostly just to referrals maybe referrals. Yeah, because like most people need a person full-time, right?

Yeah well and most people know, you know, I've been in this industry for so long and most people know that I'm the guy behind the scenes of a lot of the top people so like Yeah, I don't have to advertise much which is nice. That makes sense. But like you've been around so so many great marketers you probably like I get the idea, right? Yeah. Yeah, that's not me.

It's I mean, there's not a there's not a business online that I haven't. Kind of figured out like what they need tech wise or that kind of stuff. That's good. So you just like really like into computers and stuff like that. Yeah, I've been I've been into it since I was a kid and I've been in them.

I've you know my degrees in marketing. So oh here we go. So you have also a degree. Yep. That's very good.

It was used. It was useless. It wasn't like that and teach me anything about marketing. That was actually right, but they didn't I mean not not compared to what we know now like, you know what you've been through with Michael and this program like you you have a master's degree in marketing compared to what they would teach you in college like those people are walking out clueless because they don't really They Don't Really teach direct response. They teach branding based marketing mostly you know, which is pointless.

Yeah. Well and that's here like big guys come and it's your cold. All right. All right. So, um, yeah, this is this is what I sent John.

I don't know if you can help me with that, but you know. I'm fine. I'm thinking like there's like a few things that I'm thinking right now. To so I don't know how to like I optimize my campaign for leads. Uh-huh.

Right and I can't find where the purchases came from. Right? So that's kind of annoying because I can't optimize the ads man. If I don't know where to purchase came from because if I'm uptimizing Like right that you told me just only optimized for one thing at a time. I read or either purchase and before I was doing both, right?

And then I could see both so like I could see like, okay, where did my leads come from? Where did my purchases come from? But now I can only see. just please do you know anything about that like We'll take place. Do you have to have goals set up and Analytics?

Let's go to let's see this here is in GA 4. Governors sidebar for a minute sidebar. Yeah to the left. I'm gonna get a reports. acquisition Yeah start there.

just to Again, then many users that makes no sense. I didn't get that many clicks. Trying to see where it is. our conversions conversions area Yeah, but I don't have anything set up do I yeah. And then Paul was telling me I should set up utms.

Do you know how to do that? Mm-hmm? yeah, but I mean if you're just using If you're just using AdWords and Google Analytics. It's not totally as important. Let me send you a second.

If I had the email of the people that bought can I find out who looking at that? No analytics won't doesn't store their email address. Okay. All right, so I just put in the chat. There's everything you need to know about.

Oh gems. Wait, what about this? Now those are the the fall events you got paid views I start, you know, he so you need to you need to send a conversion event. So that's for utms. That'll teach you how to set up ptms and honey Now teach me to set up utms.

Okay, great because I was looking on on YouTube and I was like, oh that's pretty straightforward. It's it's not so complicated. I mean basically it's Adding some stuff to the end of a URL to let the page know where they came from. Okay? the And do I need to pay for that too?

No. No, it's free. And what what do you just oh, it's just a Blog. Okay. Yeah, that's blog post basically explaining it and how to set it up.

And so basically what you do is every ad that you create you would actually in AdWords. There's a place where you can just create a tracking template and And you just specify what you want those set up as for the defaults and it'll apply it to all your ads. Okay. Okay. Well, I just read this and set it up.

Yeah, but what I'm saying is it you definitely want to set up conversions conversion goals through Analytics. so that You can see. in Analytics The purchase conversions and you'd be able to see which keywords triggered them as well. Oh, so it's better than just having it just on Google ads and how do I set up conversions through do you have a tutorial on that? Yes, that's pretty I mean, it depends how you have Google analytics installed whether you just put the code into clickfunnels or whether you used.

Tag manager. Well, hi tech manager. Yeah. Okay. So if you use Tag manager, then go into tag manager for a minute wait.

Do I. Well, I must have tag manager because this is how I set up my conversions. Go to go to click funnels for a minute. Go to the funnel. Oh, no.

Okay. I didn't get a click on settings the top right? Yeah. All right. So you're using tag matter.

Great. Yeah, I'm not gonna tag manager. And then everyone is for that funnel them. All right. So now we're gonna go to tags.

So you've got that? Associated Google ads conversion. That's the one that I can't see where it comes from right? That's the Google ads Converse tracking. So but now we're just gonna create we'll create another one for GA 4.

So click on you. Click on the pen there, and it's a ga4 event. Yeah. And then you're gonna select your ga4 configuration. Yep.

And then the event names can be purchased. our case really? We'll leave the parameters as is for now. You don't really need to know that and then for triggering it'll be that thank you page view. And then just call it.

Name it to j4 purchase event. So if Submit it. That's bullish. You know, it's about anything here. Okay.

So now from now on it's gonna actually yeah, so now you'll see in so now when you're in analytics, you'll see those conversion events and then you'll be able to kind of drill down to to the keyword level and see which keywords but only from now on right now from now. So right now like it still can't find where my purchase actually came from. Not that not the old stuff now, especially if you didn't have utms on them either and then okay. So what is the goal of utms is with so utms, just basically you're you're telling You're telling the tracking tools where this person came from, right? So you got UTM source, which is like what was the source of the traffic?

Was it Facebook? Was it Google was Instagram was it? Email like what you know, what's what was the source event? Oh UTM campaign is like what's the name of the campaign? Like there's a the Labor Day special sale.

Is it, you know a certain So it's it's super Advanced tracking basically also super Advanced. It's just basically you're you're telling the system. Where did this person come from? Right? So there's only you know, For for anything that you're paying for advertising for or that you're manually posting you can you can add utms to those URLs and then when that traffic comes in you'll know where that traffic came from.

So it's kind of like high rows but as a UTM, oh, man, you're over complicating it. No, okay, all you're doing like again you're you're saying what? You're saying I'm going to drive traffic to this page. right, so So if I if I'm gonna post a link to this page on Facebook. Then the source of that traffic was Facebook.

The campaign was whatever the campaign name. I want to give it the the medium was social media. and and that would be enough for me to then see. All right, well how much traffic that I get from that link. I posted on Facebook.

Okay? Okay. It's just you know that simple right and so the name it like people get it all complicated. Like it has to be a certain thing doesn't have to be anything to be whatever you want it to be as long as it makes sense to you later. When you see the reports you just want to keep it consistent.

So that you're always you know, it's a trap if the source is Facebook. It's always Facebook lowercase. It's not sometimes Facebook where the lowercase f sometimes Facebook with a capital. F sometimes. It's FB like that's what you don't want you got to make so you have to come up but you come up with your own ending scheme doesn't matter doesn't matter to the systems what you use just matters to you that you keep it consistent.

So this this article will explain that, okay. Okay, great all the yeah, I'll just read that so then I'll know. Okay, great. Thank you. And I think that's basically it I mean from Tech point of view.

I don't know right here like sorry. yeah, well, so I mean I think It part of it will be whether this. Part of the answers to those questions will be whether having this sequence in place makes a difference or not. Right like because again if right now the majority of the traffic is even seeing the offer. then And there's no email campaign in place to get them see the offer then.

Yeah, it's never gonna. It's never gonna work it just on the people that come in cold and see the offer. but I mean, I feel like you're getting closer and closer and closer and I think adding this email sequence will make a difference you may or may not have to raise the price point as well. So but it's better to do the emails first. And then to take care of changing the funnel, right?

Yeah. So my question is right now my ads are doing pretty well, but should I turn them off for like lower the amount of money I'm spending because right now the problem is like I haven't gotten the sale in five days. Got it. And is and you were getting sales every day and all of a sudden I was getting sales. Yeah.

Yeah, I'm not sure why that I spent like $400 and I got like four sales which you know is a hundred dollar per sale that I spent right? But but now I'm like I spent an extra what is 600 15 now, so Four five six change, they just stop generating sales. It just stop generating sales, but the opt-in rates that you the same like everything stayed the same like all the metrics. This was 12% This is now 11. This was like 33% not 29 option rate was like 27 not still 27 all the metric.

Stay the same but sales stopped coming in. Interesting. Yeah, that's a little weird. Yeah, a John John would know best about that. That's gonna make any sense.

The other thing I'm gonna do man is I'm gonna reach out. I know I know he's a little busy. I don't know what he'll be able to do it but I'm gonna see if Todd can can give you some someone-on-one time just because I know you've been doing the work dude, right and and everybody on the team knows you've been doing the work right and that you haven't given up and so, you know, I'd love to see if you and and I know him well enough to know that you're the type of person he would want to help out. So let me let me ping him and see you see what his schedule looks like see we can get you some time with him to help help. I really appreciate that if you know and I appreciate that and I'll keep on going to work.

Yeah. Well, that's a thing and like I said, I feel you I feel like you're really close. So just there's something something that's that's missing and I don't know exactly what it is. But you know, you're doing all the right stuff so All right. Well, thank you so much and by next week, I should have my full big, you know message consumption sequence done.

And then after that I'm gonna go through the steps that you said right here after that, you know, if they still haven't bought after I just pushed it so many times and soft offer and then survey people who didn't take it and then yeah. I feel it offers who I could just do because I have ever I have a soloing. Things I could just probably give him that too, right? Or like my own offers. Yeah, it could be it could be your own stuff or somebody else's stuff.

That's not necessarily about how to play guitar, but it might you know, it might be guitar gear or you know other. Oh, yeah, right. That's a great idea like orange would I love those guitars? Yeah, really great guitars what you try. Do you have you have an acoustic?

I got an Ivan as acoustic and thunder Strat and something else that my neighbor was moving and had a yard sale and apparently he's an advocate Horace. He has he had like 200 guitars. Oh wow into that it too that he was getting rid of I grabbed them. That's amazing and so like you what's your goal? Um just to be able to kind of jam all like oh, I'm a drummer by default.

Right and I'm fairly decent drummer. But yeah, I've got these guitars sitting here. So if somebody came over I was like, oh you got three guitars play me a song again. I can't do that. Oh, yeah, so that's a good one too.

Like oh when when your friend comes in and says hey player you try and then you can't right now. Can't do that. So yeah, well, so that's you just want to get to the point where you can be like, hey, you know, can you play like you try and just be like yeah, here you go. Let me play. Yeah, just the basics.

Yeah. I mean like drums I play by ear right and like I mean so, you know You wish you could play guitar right here. For the most part. Yeah, I mean like I wish I could play guitars where I play Drops like I can I can hear any song and pretty much figure out how to play on drums relatively close relatively quickly, right? And it's just yeah and that's without knowing all the music theory behind drums and and all that kind of stuff.

You know, like I learned some of that stuff in school. I was in marching band and you know, I was able to read sheet music back then but that's just how I play. Yeah. No, it's not how I just naturally hear it and know what to play. I feel like that's what you know musicians most of the time.

Do you know well is it you know, it's interesting. I I saw a couple videos at drumio had put out recently which was it was an interesting series. It was interesting content. And so basically they would take you know, professional drummers and they would give them a piece of like like they would take this guy who was like a jazz drummer and like give him Metallica's, you know, nothing else matters that he's never heard before and like listen to it once and figure it out, dude and like yeah, right and and so it was interesting to see just kind of how they broke down the song like they you know, they understand enough about how music is structured and composed and the courses and the bridges and all that kind of stuff to kind of know like what the drummer should be doing in each of those sections and it was just really interesting to see them think through it that way because I would never think through it that way like, I don't know enough about music composition and structure to understand all those Dynamics right like really is this the bridge and so in the bridge, you know, it's always this pattern and during the chorus. It's always this pattern.

Okay, and then there's this fill and like whatever it Yeah, it was pretty it was pretty kind of interesting just the way they they actually took us took somebody that wouldn't normally play this kind of music and just let them listen to it once and figure out how to play it and of course they got it, right. Yeah. Well, I mean in this case like they know about the music theory but like also the other thing that you don't think about is like the memory like literally just been married. Yeah. Yeah.

No, it was amazing. Right? I'll send you the link to it dude. It's worth watching. Like I think I've seen it like I've seen the Metallica One that you're talking about.

Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's pretty amazing. Yeah. and you know, I've been know about the music theory and I mean, some people are just freaking amazing, but most people don't want to be That I mean we want to be that good but it's like are you wanting to putting all the work that right?

but I mean just You don't need music theory of to just do what you want to do. You know I'm saying like if you just want to pick up the guitar and just listen to a song by ear. This is Larry what I do, you know? So but you could learn some of it like some music theory is pretty cool. Like I like music theory.

Personally, the reason why I say, oh no music theory involved is because of marketing, you know, I don't I don't actually read music. The one thing I don't do is reading music that I don't care but I understand like music theory Concepts and all that. I I understand them beside the circle of faith. I don't care about that one. But yeah, you you can totally do all that, you know, you can tell you that I will definitely dive.

Like I said, I'm battling covid. So oh, yeah be a good time to go through your stuff for the week. You look pretty good for covid. Oh s***. Trust me dying a good time to go take a nap.

So, okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate for you for all the help and, you know get better soon and play some that guitar. All right, man. I appreciate it Steve.

Thank you. Bye.
