---
title: "Tech 2021-12-22 23:00:01"
date: 2021-12-23
duration: 1h 9m
duration_seconds: 4147
vimeo_id: 659501046
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-12-22 23:00:01

**Date:** 2021-12-23 | **Duration:** 1h 9m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Hello, hello, I can't hear you. Uh, nope. Can you hear me? Now I can hear you.

There you are. Hi. How are you? Okay. How are you?

Uh, too bad. Um, I've been losing my mind with this ship station thing, losing my mind. Don't lose your mind now. It's well, it's been, it's been rough because the customers have not been getting their, um, they don't get any shipment notifications. Right.

And then the USPS right now is taking like two weeks to get things there. So the customers are like so angry and I'm like, Oh, every day I have a new complaint. So I'm like, not good. No, I'm like, I shipped it, I swear. And then some, uh, packages from November, they never even made it to ship station at all.

So I had no idea, um, the more angry customers. That was great. Anyway, so I think I have, um, a new idea. So I looked at like integration situations and it ship station is trying to connect to the marketplace of Stripe. Right.

Right. But which is super weird because it grabs PayPal orders too. So it doesn't, it doesn't even, so something was crazy. And so now it seems like the best way to go is to create a zap from ClickFunnels to ship station. And so I, um, so I went and it seemed like that's, that's an option.

And let me share my screen. Okay. Um, so here I get to this, right. And I remember the things that we did, right. So we wanted order number.

So I, I did the thing where I search here. You know what I mean? And I'm like, why is there nothing? Right. Uh, look for ID.

ID. ID. ID. This? Yep.

That's the order number. Okay. Order status. Awaiting shipment. Yeah.

I mean, what do you, yeah. So I would imagine a new order is awaiting shipment. Correct. Unique ID. What does it say underneath that?

Unique ID is used to identify orders. Order number is frequently used for this value. Yeah. So I would just use this. Uh, an order already contains provided unique ID for your specified store.

The existing order will be updated and a new order will not be created. Uh, okay. That's potentially good. So I would, yeah, I would use the same ID. Oh, that thing we did up top.

Oh, wrong place. I fall for that every time. Um, there you are. Okay. Order date.

Try date. Yeah. Updated at now. Time. Maybe check time.

Uh, it's kind of giving you weird fields. Uh, uh, yeah, try that. Try to see if there's a created or when there's an updated, see, there's a created. Yeah. There you go.

Created at. Okay. Recipient name, contact, first name. Uh-huh. Space.

Space. Contact, last name. Yep. Okay. Address line one.

You can do the same thing in the buyer name field. What? Same thing in the field. The field above it's going to need first name and last name as well. Oh, sorry.

Yeah. Contact, first name, space, contact, last name, space. Okay. See? Every time.

Yeah. No, I know. I hate it. I don't know. I don't know what I'm sure.

Okay. Contact shipping address. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Uh, let's see if it, uh, will go by a zip or postal. Yeah, maybe zip. Contact shipping zip. Does that look good? That looks good.

Okay. Next. Okay. So ship station store. I have three.

Just go ahead and go through it. This interface is horrible. Actually, it's probably going to fail. Cause I just turn it on and then go back in and we'll edit it the right way. Okay.

Uh, hold on. Sorry. Next. Turn on zap. I go to ship station and see.

Okay. All right. Um,
Where was I? Here I was. Go to click on Managers app.

And this is what I chose. I assume that's right, right? Yeah, that looks right. Click on View in Editor. Didn't mean to do that.

This? The little button underneath the big orange thing. I'll click on Hover over Create Order and Ship Station and click it. This one? Edit?

The one below it. Oh. Edit. And go to Setup Action. Setup Action.

The third row. Oh, there it is. OK. I see. All right.

So now you can select your store. Is that? Load more? That's weird. Are you actually connected to the right Ship Station account?

Yeah. I only have one. Scroll up for a minute. Click on Choose App and Event. Sorry.

Yeah. So Create Order. Click Continue. And that is your account. So you did set up.

You set up that integration, right? Yeah. Maybe I didn't. Maybe this is something I should check here. Yeah.

You can check it. Added two hours ago. See if there's like on the little dots, if there's like a test or something. Yeah. Test connection.

Okay. That's weird. All right. Go back. Back.

Back? Just back in your browser, I guess. Oh. Keep going. Keep going.

Keep going. Nothing's going. Oh. Oh. There we go.

It's dropping. All right. Uh, click Continue. that's very weird i mean i mean try it i mean it's like that for my manual yeah we'll see what
happens but uh all right so waiting shipment id scroll down to date we got no data so we
gotta fix that uh all right scroll back up for a minute all the way to click funnels one
oh sorry yeah yeah click on that click on test trigger
and scroll down a little
click continue
all right now continue
yeah
i mean i think it's weird about the manual orders that if it works i don't
right yes actually care scroll yeah i'm just trying to figure out why it's not pulling in
the yeah my stores oh i see scroll down
very weird uh all right click in the buyer name field for a minute
scroll down a little bit oh in here yeah and then show all options
oh there it is sorry it looks like it's contact profile first name and last name
where scroll up scroll up a little bit right there oh here yeah so put this in
yeah and then space and then that space and then we'll delete these
yeah yeah all right and so by our name by our email
we do that contact contact thing yeah i would keep yeah i would keep using the profile fields
just to be safe since that's you can just type email though it was still oh okay
contact contact profile email okay and then do the contact contact again
oh okay
just
you can just search for you don't have to just search for the part that you're looking for
so just search for first oh okay
oh wait did i do the space i don't think i did i think you did uh company shipping i would
do the same thing do the profile addresses just to these
oh my god amy
uh contact contact ship oh here it is yeah and then we have
contact
contact contact shipping city
oh state
don't even i can't even yeah but you see how the wizard kind of like didn't show you all sequ Halle
yeah that's why i hate that wizard thing
uh what is what was that one sorry this was
country code
should i enter that uh if you want to the only thing is the way clickfunnels sends it over it sends it
over in sense uh which i mean if you don't need it i don't need i don't need it because it's all
okay uh none of this is relevant for me
i mean you may want to put in the item name right okay uh
okay um search for product names
so it just be whatever product name it's not always going to be big scrubby duo right yeah
it should pass in whatever it was that they bought uh quantity is always going to be one
so but quantity do we have to do quantity well but now there's there's bump offers there's bump items
too right not yet no i wanted to do that today but it's really just depends on how long we work on this
yeah well i mean we'll want to test that because it would be interesting to see what it does with a bump
item on the order but yeah i guess you could put quantity equals one and well
yeah i mean it's only gonna be one no matter you just hard code it
i don't think this will have one yeah and then i would just put the unit price as a dollar or whatever
price you're selling it like i don't think it matters but so it has a value uh all right try that
let's scroll down
test and review
test and review
all right now go check ship station
ah
there she was
so did that all come in properly i mean let me see
ship two looks the same as always from yeah i mean it did
okay so the only questions will be
all right so a you'll want to place an order so hey we want to turn the zap on you want to place an
order and turn on zap yep and then i guess you want to ship it and see if you get the shipment
notification
but before you do that we might as well test what a bump is going to look like uh as well
okay um let's check in a bump ben yeah yeah let's just yeah
so the bump has a picture oh wait wrong page the bump has a picture
so that might have been why paul was trying to do it through cf pro tools
i mean there's a couple ways to do it you can just put the picture above the bump box
where are the notes from that bump oh yeah good i kept the text good good good
okay oh you're using the two-step form crap uh so yeah i think if you're going to use the two-step
form then yeah you will need the cf pro tools to get the bump in there uh to get the picture in
there but for right now again we're just right now we're just we might take it off when we're done here
uh i just want to see if it's going to work with ship station
so uh click on click on the order form
i mean you mean this yeah okay i'm gonna go to step two
uh should be someplace where you turn on whether the bump shows or not
um scroll back up
go to step one
go to uh go to advanced
toggle order bump there you go show order bump
okay so hit save on that
and back out for a minute
and go to products
uh so we've already got
set uh all right that's fine at least you can test it with those for now
so yeah so go so bring up the live page
just kidding
this is
hey look at that okay cool shut off your sharing while you put it it doesn't say how much it is
though no i know we're gonna figure well it does it will when you check so if you check it
but it doesn't say how much it will be it well you can you got to put down the copy yeah i know i'm just
noticing that there oh this looks i hate how this looks why isn't it updating oh because you do have
the two bump thing with the paypal thing uh so click on it again it's not adding it
uh
all right yeah we probably want to go do the pro tools thing
which is fine
bang it out while we're here
all right
so i'm gonna go and take this out right
uh no you can leave it in do you have a pro tools account
i do all right yeah let's go to pro tools
uh click on create new add-on
search by keyword uh
search by keyword uh
uh
to
bumps
bump
all right so the image thing we will
need but that's not what we need right now go to search for paypal
search for paypal yeah or actually go close out of here go to your existing add-ons
uh go to move it yeah so paypal plus
to try that one this one oh yes yeah
uh create your order page great products
where the add-on
uh
credit card product id paypal product id
bring up the products section of quick funnels again
uh
why can i why can i think right now i'm in the wrong page
go to the other tab you got oh the other tabs probably the page
yeah no good so go go to the editor
oh
get out
get out that's why okay
right sometimes i still i forget where everything is
products
products
so why do you are the bumps the other two product that these or do you have
another order
what what's that do you have another order form from somewhere
no click on edit for one of those order bumps for a minute
i mean one is for stripe and one is for paypal if that's what you mean
right but they should so all right so 3906132 go back to pro tools
ok
no no no no no no no no no
no no nooo no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
And I am going to mute myself and see where that thing goes. Why am I placing an order now?

Am I saying yes to that bump? Is that what you mean? Well, I'm trying to, hold on. All right. So let me figure out where in here.

One second. I don't know. Marlo, you good, honey? You cleaning? Good girl.

All right. Ah. Spit out. And I'm going to... I'm going to...

I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to...

I'm going to... I need to add. Alright, welcome back you guys at this point made an order page you guys have created
either a one step order page or a two step order page and I'll talk a little bit more
about that as we go into the configuration here but you guys have created something I'm
going to show you guys how to set up your products because the next big thing that you guys want to
do is set up the product so that it works specifically with this add-on so you know
if you're in your funnel and you're on your page which I am then we're just going to click on the
products tab inside ClickFunnels and I've already set these up I've already set up these products
so just to mostly spare you guys the time of watching me set up six products that go six
so we have two core products um here and we have one bump product all right now here's the deal
when you're setting up your products the way that this add-on works you need to have everything in
here okay so if you have one flagship dsl whatever product you need to have two versions of it so I
have a strike version and a paypal version so I'm going to group these together I'm going to show you
how to group these using uh the new version of cf pro tools in another video I think it's one of the
next ones coming up and then um what you're gonna do if you have two core products you're gonna make
two more products one more strike product and one more uh paypal product okay and now the way that
I like to do this is just to notate uh paypal one um just to make sure that it's the paypal
product that's been selected that way there's no question between the two now I'll show you a little
something next time I show you next time we're on the page um when you're going through and you
flip from a strike product or the credit card element to the paypal it's always going to show
the first product so it's not going to switch until the purchase is actually made all right
I know that seems counterintuitive it's different than the way it's been in the past it's going to
be okay I promise you guys um and the way that you'll know is by either getting the confirmation
page and seeing that the right product showed up here and I'll show you where inside paypal
when you're making purchase you can actually see that the paypal product uh is what has been
selected for your purchase I'll show you that here coming up in another video okay uh one more thing so after
you've set up your four products again strike product paypal product strike product paypal product um you're going to set up
your your bumps you can set up more than one but clickfunnels is going to make some updates and changes
um and now you can have more than one bump and it won't confuse the clickfunnels software okay which
is really cool it allows us to make this uh this particular app this add-on work for you guys and
this is really simple you guys are going to love how simple this installs um but you're going to make
two versions again um you're going to have your strike version and you're going to have your paypal
version and then you're going to notate them both as both products and if it's a bulk product this is
where you're going to notate that as a bump all right so that's it um you guys have seen how to set up your
products if you guys have any questions please let me know inside of uh support and i will do my best to help you guys through this process
however i'm going to show you guys a little bit more in another video the next thing we're going to be talking about is the configuration
for the new people you guys are going to love this we can't wait to see you guys over there in that video
okay so and that's how you have the bumps set up right you have a paypal version and a stripe version
mm-hmm yep
yeah
let's see
hey welcome back and in this video i'm going to show you guys how to configure the new paypal add-on this
one's going to be uh it's going to be fun all right this is going to be quick simple you got
right corner and uh that's pretty much it let's figure uh for this we're going to give this a name
this is uh our two likely before each one of these okay so uh when you're ready to go into production you
can either change the whole code out or you can just go come in here and switch over to production
really responsive um but if you for whatever reason you want to have a specific control over
how big paypal button layout all right so when the paypal button on the page you can either have them
that if you disable paypal credit if you say disable and you say yes to that you're only going to have
it really doesn't matter if you pick horizontal or vertical because there's just going to be one
button there um so i'm going to keep it disabled i'm going to say no but you can disable that and only
have the one button there all right you guys have been wanting that we finally made that work and that's
pretty cool so i'm going to have this horizontal and no all right so that's pretty much it the
product groups is the next big thing we talked about product groups in the last video so what
i'm going to do is group all of my products here and show you guys how i'm doing that okay so you
guys remember this page from a previous video this is all of our products of course you've got them
as a paypal using the paypal integration the actual product id from a notepad if you want but the
easiest the best way that we can do this is just click that copy link address and then we're going to
come back over here and we're just going to paste that in so our credit card product id we paste the whole
thing in there it strips out everything except for the product id it is amazing i love it so what
i'm going to do is that same process with these other ones again hover over edit and then copy link
address and then i'm just going to come over here again and add that in um and i'm going to
all you need is one product set or one product grouping you don't have to go on from there but
we're going to add two more in here add a product group and we're just going to add more of these in
because i have six products and again one last time i'm just clicking on the edit all right that's what i
thought all right so uh go back to products tab oh you're fine i have to grab my wallet to do the
test order okay okay uh all right so go back to the click funnels products page
uh back out of there back out one step
all right uh and then uh so on the first order bump one just hover over the edit button and right
click copy link as copy link address go into cf pro tools and scroll up
all the way uh where's the edit all right let's go all the way down
where there's an edit button
remember when i was setting this up i'm like
i was all confused because it just looked like all tutorials scroll down
all right so add a product group
and paste that first one paste that link in the first box and now grab the other one
okay all right uh now update add-on
okay now reload the order page
no i mean you the live order page i know i have to go back to oh
oh hold on hold on all right okay
fill it in yeah just go to step two
now select the bump
bang all right great okay now i'll place an order
uh okay hide your screen oh hi oh well oh i guess let's see stop share
um i'm really concerned
okay terrible all right
uh is this the right credit card i'm looking at yes okay
okay okay is there an upsell in the funnel or no yeah there is might as well buy that too
i'm shopping day now
thank me my order is complete
um can i share again we did turn the zap on didn't we
yeah we had okay we had um isn't this funny it has every time done
um okay ship station let's update all stores although i guess it wouldn't matter because
it's manual order hallelujah i bought some products and the bump is there i can tell
oh nice what up okay nailed it go to the items
it go to the items items what do you mean in here the items the items in the order the items are
right oh oh oh oh yes i saw it on the previous screen yeah okay i am definitely going to want
to change that number oh no it doesn't show up on the it doesn't show up on their uh print receipt
so it's fine yeah all right uh so is there a way to say you shipped it without actually shipping it
hold on i gotta combine my orders first
combine shipments
now there there may be a way that we can i know i remember we saw it and i didn't write down
that grouping thing of where i found it no well i mean we can do it by the uh
we could probably do it by the by the id that we give it like instead of giving it the actual
clickfunnels order id you could probably use like their phone number uh and the date and
for what oh oh i see but i remember there was that yeah okay i'm just gonna don't worry about
this i'm going to create and print it i can always ask for the refund so i'd rather
do it create a print label
i'm really gonna print you i know walty i know
oh wait a second i wouldn't get a delivery notification probably because i don't have that
necessarily set up in my manual orders
right i mean i have it set up for the store but i don't even know how to
um hold on selling channels
i just just change that um
so oops all right um when the shipping label is created
okay blind copy me
okay
sorry we're gonna have to do it one more time
okay
you've got another you've got another order for the upsell you can do it with
no i combined i combined oh you combined
yeah okay let's go hold on okay what is my problem right now um
um wait i'm gonna stop my share because i'm yeah i'm smart now of course everybody already saw my
yes i will take it
complete order
okay okay i'm gonna say yes to excel
and my order is complete okay now
orders oh i didn't even have to refresh okay there it is
wait what oh somebody actually ordered okay wait what's that um
okay see a bundle of tbs in this account
create and print label all right
let me share
uh close
all right i just got an email from tracking at shipstation.com
completely like blank thank you for your order from manual orders
i think it's because you i think that's because you selected custom template probably
i know but that should have been my template custom template is mine hold on let me how the heck do i
turn back on my where are you there you are share screen so i'll work on that later
hey send a notification that's progress right that's what i mean i'm like i got something so
uh cool that's cool that's cool um okay that is okay all right cool all right uh all right so so yeah
you can work on the temple part do you want to now try to add the image to the bump yes definitely
okay okay and i i hate how that bump thing looks why is it so unattractive
it's like so ugly it looks so cheesy sorry wait no did you help design it and no i did not
i did not have any hand in designing i'm like wait a second that's a horrible thing to say amy
it probably sells a lot of products i don't know anything it did sell a lot of product eight years
ago it's just you know what i mean like the color scheme is just horrible and i can't seem to adjust it
uh you should be able to i don't know if you can adjust it on the two-step the same way you can
well it was i mean it was um all right so yeah it was like button like
where's the bump situation
yeah i just couldn't figure out how to maybe it's not simple
background color white but it's not
uh no that's for the entire form
right yeah i think i mean we can fix it with css really really it's just really ugly yeah i know
i'm very much about the aesthetic of my pages
all right so i believe all you need to do is add an image to the page okay wait shoot
in this video we're going to show you how to insert the image that you want to go into
the bump offer when you're using the image and so it's super simple what we want to do is we need
to insert an image element on the page and name it a certain ways of the outcome
that's where we grab the image and then it knows to put it into the bump offer or
or to the order bump element um we've got a two-step order book here you might think
well i can't put an image onto my step two of the order form if you're using the insert
image in the round page um if we're using the one-step order form you can put it in just
below the order element in this case we're going to put an image just below the two-step
order element uh we're going to click this to insert an image right click the image right here
and then i'm just going to go ahead and pick the image from the gallery
you can upload an image if you want to i'm just going to pick
uh so this is the image that i want to go inside of my offer that is on step two of this world
um and then the next step is to actually name uh set the css title for this image element to
bump dash image so just click bump dash image and click update and that's all there is enough
okay all right
i am such a space cadet i'm over here looking at my app for sales
like wow that's a good sales guy it's me it's me
because i have this tick now about checking my app for sales right and so wow good for me
all right so uh yeah so just add the image anywhere on the page that you want it
well well i mean forget about where you just any you could put it right underneath the order form
right now just keep it simple um because they don't see the offer yet right until the script's
going to move the image and put it where it's supposed to go so like oh you'll only see it only
you will see it here i see image just a regular old image yep okay let me go in here
and then i would uh so i do so click on it again uh see where the little pound sign icon is down
um icons at the bottom i think i'm blocking it with my face hold on no no no uh
there yeah uh where it says title change it to bump dash image yeah click update
okay and then probably want to make it a little smaller yeah what do you think uh yeah like 200 probably
yeah that's good uh okay and then just go to cf pro tools and grab the bump image script
uh click click on add-on click click on add-ons
oh
create new add-on
search for bump
bump image
yeah just go down uh yeah just create add-on
scroll down copy that code
go to settings
tracking code i think it might already well here footer code right yeah so put it below that code
well this was what paul and i were working on so this isn't actually anything anymore
see it uh yeah i would just yeah get rid of that other code
or just just cut it for now don't totally delete it give her that script tag
okay okay okay close
save
preview
go to step two
well i can't right without filling it in yeah yeah you can fill it in stop share
doesn't know my city name anymore
just forgot well it's because you're on you're on when you're on the preview it's different domain
yeah but it knows my street address but the autofill didn't do the town it was very strange
um oh there it is
it's there hold on hold on let me start my let me screen share
that's what i see sweet
so technically it could be bigger um and
i don't know if that's the best image in the world but
and yeah what should i put instead uh i mean i don't know i mean it just looks like it looks
like is it is it black and white image or is it no that's the color of the scrubby oh okay
um i'll get a better one i'll get a picture of a model but now it's fine the only other thing
you got to do is change the price in the text yeah it was 8.99 value uh yeah um but it that's not
the price so you can just say you know yes yes please add to my order for just 4.99 yeah where
was it again in here somewhere yeah was the text okay i would do it where i would do it where it
says yes i will take it okay i would say yes please add to my order for just 4.99 dash save 50 or whatever
order for just 4.99
okay
50 percent off retail if it'll fit uh how well it's gonna fit but we'll see try
i would just say yes please i would get rid of it i will take it
it might be able to go just back to the other page you were just on and refresh it
yeah like that
please help me make it not horrible
uh which part the appearance okay what do you want to do you tell me what you want to do we
can we can do it i just want it to look better you know what i mean like the green font is a no
no this color is a no uh send me the link to the live page in the chat uh uh yep yep yep hold on um
um exit exit and then this is the link to the live page right yes okay
and where did my zoom oh stop where the heck is the chat i'll just stop my share for some
can you can try
let's see
all right
oh you okay oh my god
oh every he's okay honey
he slipped and then lost his way
i have a dog with no eyeballs that's probably not good most of the time it's fine moments like now
not so fun uh uh all right let's see what uh what color you want the headline
um you mean the font or that background the font first i just want it black black
okay
where else uh so that's gonna be
soon honey
okay what else um i want that one time offer underlying thing also in black but keep the
underline please
okay
how are you doing this without like access can anyone change my font they can you anybody can
I can you can load any page in a browser and manipulate that page while you have it loaded
in the browser it's not actually editing anything on your end yet oh okay man oh man somebody could just
easily just make changes on my page horrifying uh so text
for and
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
anything else the green is still green yeah it's still green here but I have the code
okay and then I don't like that pale pale yellow in the background I'd love a pale pale gray
you want me to find you a text code sure
I mean I'm not particularly bad okay ready oh hmm
you're talking about this body area with a picture yeah if it if it has to be a color
I mean it can be white can it be white okay that's what I really want
tell me what you really want but yeah I don't want to break the rules of click funnels tell
me what you really really want
all right let's see
you know work let's see
and if we can do the arrow and the marigold of our
now you're pushing it oh my god now you're pushing it
and
and
and
okay uh what else did you want no yellow highlighting no yellow highlight
and then I guess maybe yeah yeah
so I guess I'll be taking up a photo of myself washing my face when I'm
so I guess I'll be taking up a photo of myself washing
my face with a slate scrubby tomorrow
popping that in
um this is gonna work this one might not work
order form
um
it's not the end of the world if the highlighting has to stay but the marigold
arrow won't work then we'd have to do like a black arrow
we can't really change the arrow anyways oh then forget it
then I love the red arrow
yeah
but I dislike it on the yellow highlighting
let's see the
so it's
section
so
it's
it's
it's
it's
it's
it's
it's
it's
it's
no
no
no
no
Merlo, please don't sit on my email makes me nervous. Thank you. thank you thank you okay i'm still in with my teacher
he's looking at it something else right now
damn oh so sharp i love it all right okay there's one other thing one other thing that i want to fix
from a design standpoint it's driving me crazy um
let me see is you oh yeah we're just somewhere else right now hi hi how are you
are you ready for christmas yes i'm ready for christmas awesome okay
you can turn on that light sweetheart
or not
marlo
no thank you
no thank you
no
what do you think about oh look at you i love it so much more chic that's better better
so much better
so much better
all right let's try this and see if this works good
uh
all right let's try this and see if this works good
is that
is that in the uh css stuff
okay okay and then you are in hold on hold on okay um where were we we
were we we were in the edit page and then we went to settings and custom css okay and then paste this
that's it that's it cool
preview
review
oh my work is done for the day i love it
hey now we're done for the day 하 between we're gonna do right so we're gonna have two uh
who are you ever oh Twitter are you uh personal los
Yeah, me too.

I'm chillaxing. Yeah, me too. I'll be home working on this email situation now, making it not come from tracking ads. All right, my friend, have a good one, and I will see you next week. Thank you for this.

You're welcome. Talk to you later. Bye. Bye.
