---
title: "Tech 2021-12-10 16:51:58"
date: 2021-12-10
duration: 1h 13m
duration_seconds: 4426
vimeo_id: 655452849
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-12-10 16:51:58

**Date:** 2021-12-10 | **Duration:** 1h 13m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All pages.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. So, so you know,
And so you said that the sales page. there's no reason, you know,
I have it already here.

Okay. I have a German tool if you want to use that
because the GTmetrix does not check for servers close by. Got it, got it. So I want to see what scroll down. So let me render blocking resources.

What's that? Let me expand that. Where it says the issues. Yeah. Right there.

Expand that. Yeah. That's interesting. And we'll go to the next one. So that's the, that's the opt-in form, right?

Uh, that's the opt-in form. Yeah. Yeah. But that's not what, I'm not even sure what that particular issue means. Uh, scroll down to the next section.

Page size, all right. Yeah. It looks like it's the ClickFunnels JavaScript that's taking a long time to load,
which there's nothing you can do about that, unfortunately. Would that make sense to have, um, a tool that is like, has servers close by or is it, does it,
will it not change anything? I mean, I don't want to move the stuff.

I like ClickFunnels, but I mean, almost five seconds is a lot, right? Uh, it's a lot for, for a simple page like that, that is just text-based. Yeah. Um, and I mean, the, whether, whether the server was closer or not, wouldn't really necessarily
make a difference. It's just for whatever reason, their, their JavaScript file is taking a long time to download.

Um, I, I would just kind of grin and bear it for, for right now, although I am concerned,
let's, let's do this actually, hang on a second, go to, um, what's the, what's the URL of the
sales page? Oh, let me grab that here. I just need that last part. Just the, the article. That one.

Yeah. Yeah. Just grab it, grab that. Copy that. Go back to analytics.

Yeah. Uh, and, uh, you just put, put, paste it in that little search box right there. Okay. Now that's really weird. Uh, oh, you know why?

Cause the actual go back to ClickFunnels for a minute. Um, and this is something you should fix by the way, just to kind of keep, so ClickFunnels
does this weird thing, right? Where it's got basically two URLs for every page. Yes. So you've got that master URL right there.

And then if you click on the little gear icon of the page, uh, that'll give you a different
URL. So click on a little, click on that one or that. Well, no, what I'm saying is, so click on the little gear icon, not, not that the other
down next to the edit page button. Yeah. That one, so you can see here, it puts in a different path.

Yeah. Um, so typically what I do. Is I will copy the, the path from the main URL and paste that here and just add like a
dash C at the end, which means this is the control version of that page. And if I was doing a split test, the other one would be dash V, but that way your page
URLs aren't changing. And like, when you're looking inside of analytics, like we just tried to do, you'd be looking
for this, for the right name.

So, you know, you could either change it now or whatever, but first you want to copy this,
copy what it says there for that path. And how would you do that? Because if I now wanted for the opt-in empty sales page, like how would you, um, make sure
it's not the same path because big funnels has a problem right with the same path. Right. And that's why I use dash C and dash V.

Uh, so let's do two, two, two things at once. We'll come back to this just like a copy that, put that in the here. Let's see what we got. So, so here we have a hundred unique page views, which makes more sense, right? We have.

Yeah. And here we had. Maybe like 120 opt-ins, I think. Correct. Yeah.

We have 16. I've recorded here. Okay. So, so yeah, for whatever reason, it's not completely tracking, uh, which is weird. Click.

Cause cliff funnels is usually pretty accurate. Um, I don't know if it's, if there's some sort of GDPR thing going on because you're in
Germany or if they're all on mobile, if it's an Apple iOS thing. Yeah. If it was GDPR, we have more opt-ins here than we record in, in Google. So from here to there, it shouldn't be GDPR because the GDPR issue is, um, yeah, with the opt-in
and not here.

So if I see them here, they have, yeah. Consented. If you can say that to whatever. Uh, okay. But I mean, it does at least look like, uh, a lot of zero time on page.

So
So the average time on page is four minutes and seven. Well, no, the average time on page across all the visits is up at the top there. That's seven, seven minutes, which would, that makes sense. Right. But there are a lot here that are showing a zero time on page, which is interesting.

That typically indicates some sort of bot. Um, but let's find out, let's scroll up. Could it be past, um, split tests? Uh, no, I mean, it's saying that somebody visited that page during this date range. Oh, true.

Of course. Yeah. Right. Um, but scroll up for a minute. Let's see if we can diagnose this a little bit more.

So where that little dropdown was where we selected source medium, uh, type, uh, device, uh, category for now. Yeah. I, I feel so grateful for you helping me. I mean, this is so much data to understand. Yeah.

Yeah. There's definitely a lot. Uh, all right. So everything's mobile. All right.

So we don't want device category. Let's get more specific. Go, uh, go back to the list. Uh, where is it? Uh, go to, uh, go in that little menu down below where it says users.

And let's try browser. That one? Yeah. Let's see what the browsers are. Safari, Chrome, Samsung, Safari, Chrome.

It seems like we have zero on each, on each browser. On each browser. Yeah. Which is, which is very weird. All right.

So not that. Okay. Let's go try something else. Let's look at, go back to that user menu. Uh, let's try, try city.

Is that a curiosity? No, it's also very far apart. Yeah. Yeah. Not that.

Uh, well, that's good. I mean, it doesn't look like it's bot traffic. Usually when it's bot traffic, you'll see some sort of common signature. Like it's all the same browser or it's all the same city or something like that. Uh, let's see what else we got here.

Scroll down. Um, device category. No, that's the one we already did. That's just going to say mobile or, or not. Uh, try mobile device model.

It's amazing how much you can see there. It's also, it's also on different device, man. I'm, it's driving me nuts. All right. So, yeah, so that's not going to tell us what we want to know.

So, uh, so I think we're good there. Uh, what you may want to do is you may want to install some, uh, screen recording software. Uh, like, so there, the one we use is called lucky orange.com. Um, you can also use hot jar, either one of those. Yeah.

You have hot jar. Yeah. Yeah. So if you have hot jar, then, then you can set that up to record the, uh, the set. So I would just have it record just the sales page and, and see if you see any pattern of
people actually just immediately leaving the page.

Can you help me look over the setup? Because we set up for that page, hot jar, but it's not recording and we don't know why. Interesting. All right. Yeah.

Let's take a look. Um, I feel like the master of disaster of tech today. Oh, good. There's a lot, especially at this, at this part. Yeah.

And if you have no idea about it, I mean, I'm a love coach. So what the hell am I even doing? Uh, all right. Let's see. Um, very low traffic coverage.

I don't know what that means. Uh, so zero active sessions. So, uh, so it could be that you have, so edit that session targeting. Cause we only have, we have it set to only sessions longer than 30 seconds. Don't want that.

Yeah. Let's see. Yeah, that shouldn't matter. Go to this, the second part session targeting and tracking. Uh, capture sessions shorter than 30 seconds.

Track changes automatically. So crime, man, it's all fine. Yeah. Click on data suppression. Uh, yeah, that's fine.

Um, and that's just yours. Okay. Uh, so that appears to be set up. Right. Um,
Um, and the code for that is being set through tag manager or where's the hot chart.

Okay. No tag manager. Okay. And it's set to all pages or just that page or. Um, I don't know.

Someone does it for me. Should we have a look? Yeah. Yeah. Let's look at tag manager.

Is that the right domain? Yes. Okay. I mean, we have a sub domain, but, uh, I think it doesn't matter. Right.

Or does it don't tell me it's, I mean, it doesn't matter as long as the, no, it doesn't matter
if it's a sub domain as long as the, as long as the tag manager code is on there. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, but yeah, let me click, click on that hot jar trigger group thing. Nope.

But that, yeah, this is, uh, yeah. Should I get rid of the cookie consent? Probably. Yeah. And that's probably caught again.

That's where I think there's some GDPR stuff going on. And that, if he's got that on other, if he's got that on other stuff too, there, it may
be issues. Yeah. I mean, it's okay for the opt-in we need it because we are in Europe, but I don't see
why we would need it on the hot jar. I mean, it doesn't record any personal data, right?

It just records behavior. Uh, records behavior, where they're from, what browser, but yet not their personal data. So yeah, technically. Yeah. So I would go to trigger group and delete that one.

Uh, you can just, uh, do a, click the little pencil right there. Uh, then you can delete it. Yeah. Now I'm not sure what that hot jar hit save for a minute. Now click on that hot jar signal.

Cause I want, oh, sorry. Go back there. Well, just went away on its own. I didn't. Uh, yeah, just click that, uh, custom event.

So it's a custom event. Um, let's, let's change this. Let's close that. Click the little X in the top. Right.

Uh, references to this trip. All right. Close this hot jar trigger group thing. And just click on the hot jar tag. And then under triggering down at the bottom.

Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And then click the plus sign. Uh, let's, uh, let's click on the plus sign here.

So add a new page view. Yep. Pencil page view. Some page views. And, um, the drop down.

Select, uh, page path. Contains. Right. And now, yeah. So it's either going to be that or unless you're going to change it to, um, but for now, let's just leave it the way it is.

And so just where it says untitled trigger, just call it, you know, sales page view. Can I add a second sales page here if I want to track another one with the hot jar or doesn't it make sense? Would we set up another trigger for that? Uh, you can, you would just create a different trigger and put both. So you wouldn't put two here.

You would create another trigger for the other page and then put both triggers on the tag. Yeah, so I would then make a group, a trigger group for that, or can I put both triggers on a tag without being in one group? Well, so, so here, just click save. Thank you. Uh, and then.

Yeah, it is. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So, so now if you wanted to track a different page, I would create, I would do the same thing again for the other one.

Yeah. But let's remove, let's move, remove that trigger. Yeah. Let's get rid of that. Um, yeah.

So if you wanted on a different page, then I would just do the exactly the same thing. Yeah. I would do that on my own. That's not a problem. Okay.

That's fine. Um, so now you can, we can submit that, but before we do that, all right, let's see. So we, uh, so yeah, so you, uh, yeah, everything's kind of being controlled by consent here. It looks like. Yes.

I would have a conversation with him and be like, like, look, I don't care. Well, I mean, whether you care or not, like, I, you know, first of all, they're, they're not coming after you for GDPR, right? Like you're, I'm not, I'm not a lawyer. Uh, this is not legal advice, but the chances of you getting in trouble for it are pretty much slim and none, um, potentially. But so, yeah, I would definitely, you know, you're going to lose tracking if somebody has to, because I don't think, does the ClickFunnels page even have a consent token that pops up?

Yes, because we linked CookieBot to it. It's a tool that allows to have, um, cookie consent banner on ClickFunnels. Gotcha. Okay. Um, so yeah, I would say that's probably where you're losing a lot of the tracking, right?

Yeah. You could, you could pretty much imagine that, especially, you know, Germans are more skeptical and don't want to, like, it's the reason you guys have GDPR, right? Like, so. You know us very well. So it's, uh, yeah, so it's more likely that most people are going to say, no, don't track me.

And then all your conversion tracking is going to be completely hosed. Yeah. Um, so yeah. And that would probably potentially affect ClickFunnels conversion. That's why I was saying, like, it's possible that 50% drop off between those two pages is just people saying, don't track me.

And for whatever reason, ClickFunnels is respecting it as well. So yeah. Um, okay. So then, uh, take out QuickConsent everywhere here and add that one sales page. And then we are set with Hotjar, right?

Uh, yeah. I mean, once you submit this and publish it, then Hotjar should work. I mean, we can test it right now if you want. Yeah. Please let us, what does it mean submitted and tested?

Yeah. So click on the blue submit button. So basically whenever you make any changes in here, nothing goes live until you actually submit it. Got it. Yeah.

So you click submit, just click through the, you don't, you don't, you can put in notes if you want. I typically don't just hit publish. Continue. And now I think your, your IP is blocked from Hotjar tracking. So put the link in the chat.

I'll go to it. We'll see if it tracks my session. The link to the sales page. Um, the sales page. No, we are going for that one.

It doesn't matter. You can put the, you can give me the top link. It'll, it'll change it to the right link. Oh, there's your cookie bot. What the hell is this?

All right. Have you seen this? He installed this very well, right? What's that? With the guy who did it.

He installed the cookie consent very well. Well, yeah. Except for, hang on a minute. Let me share my screen because you might want to see this. Okay.

Uh, and I can't read German, but I, this, this, this word seems to be a universal word. Hang on. Uh, I'm just stopping my screen sharing. Yeah. Uh, you can see my screen.

Yeah. What's this? That's, oh, that's our logo. Oh, okay. Oh, I didn't know.

I didn't know. I didn't know what the offer was. It's a course on premature ejaculation. Oh, okay. Okay.

Yeah. In that case, perfectly makes sense. All righty. That's better. Uh, okay.

So yeah. Sorry. I was a little worried. Not the average business. I know.

Uh, so yeah, I didn't even know what to say here. Uh, hopefully that was right. Um, I'm just trying to have it record something. So are you selling a supplement or it's a course? Um, an online course without anything besides your brain, your hand and your penis.

It's like real, real, um, skills and everyone can do it. It's really nice because there's so much pills and stuff on the market and they don't really
help. Right. Right. And it's expensive as hell.

Now it's in the U S but one pill is 10 euros over here. That's crazy. For one time. Right. I mean, how much money do you want to spend on something that should be normal?

Yeah, no, exactly. Exactly. Very, very interesting topic. You should make an English version. Yes.

Jan wants to do it. My husband wants to do it. Once we have that funnel profitable, then we will tackle the English stuff. Uh, all right, cool. Uh, so I'm going to close this page.

We can go back to you. And so you can share, so go back in a hot jar and let's see if it recorded that session
or not. Uh, so I think back out of here. Um, where do I have to go? Just back.

Yeah. Go back. Um, should we show up here? Well, I just couldn't click on the, click on the left where it says recordings. Oh yeah, there we are.

No. So that's, well, that's Germany. That's not, it wasn't me, but, uh, but I mean, it looks like some of them are, are recording. Um, and it could be, it just takes a little while for, for mine to process change the drop
down from last 24 hours to see if there's a today. Yeah.

There's no today. Yeah. All right. Uh, we'll click on one of those. Let's just watch.

Yeah. All right. Right. So there's a, potentially an example where, so I don't know that they click now. I couldn't see what they clicked.

Yeah. I couldn't see it either. I know they're still scrolling. It looks like someone is leading, reading at least some. Yeah.

I don't have to watch this whole thing. And you can back up, go back for a minute. So is there a column for how long scroll over pages duration? Right. Yeah.

So you might want to just short by duration, look for the ones that are really short, um,
and see if you can spot anything that's going on there. So that's for, um, optimizing, right? Yeah. Well, and just kind of looking to see, you know, so we can see that the short one. So most of the traffic's on mobile, uh, devices.

Does the opt-in page. So you would probably filter this too, to be the right landing page, but, um,
uh, so you mean, um, we, uh, well, sorry, it should probably be the landing page. They should all pretty much land on the opt-in, uh, sales page, right? Yeah. The exit, uh, it looks like you're on the basic plans.

All that stuff's locked for you, unfortunately. Ah, okay. Got it. But either way, I mean, you know, so just, you know, when you have some time, watch through
these, see if there's anything you're noticing weird that the page isn't loading right for
people or that consent thing isn't, they can't click on it. Um, anything like that.

Okay. I, I think those, I think those zero page views are probably people that said, don't
track me. Yeah. Um, so I would get cookie consent out of the way. Yeah.

Now. Got it. So I think then we have, yeah, three out of four things covered. I'm so lucky that no one else is joining today. Usually how it works.

When somebody needs a lot of help, it seems like everybody gives them their space and
doesn't show up. So, uh, all right. So, so the other, so the other thing you want to check in GTM was whether that. So. Yeah.

Um, if you could go through one funnel from add to click funnels and see if the conversion
tracking is correctly set up with the tech manager. Uh, all right, so let's do this. So click on, go back to Google tag manager first. Can I close hot jar? Uh, yeah, you can close it for me to, um, oh yeah.

Can close it for. So that one, we don't need, we don't need that one. Good. Uh, all right. So go back to workspace.

All right. So what you can do with tag managers, you can click on that preview button. Preview. Right next to the submit thing. And this will actually kind of give you a little screen where you can kind of see what
tags are being applied on each page.

It doesn't do. Anything that will say saving. I'm trying again. That's weird. Should I click save it?

So it. Your pop-ups blocked or anything. I don't have, um, any blocker installed, so I don't think so. I don't think so. This is the right workspace, right?

Go ahead. It is the right workspace. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely is.

Yeah. It's the one way. No, it's good. See, no, it's sitting at the top there. When you just click, click preview, it says pop up.

Block in the URL. See? Pop up. Oh, okay. Is that a, um, safari thing?

It might be. Yeah. Okay. I think it's the little, I think it's the little icon there. Now, see in the URL thing where it's the second icon, it's like the two windows.

Yeah. That thing. There we go. All right. Great.

Um, so now, uh, in that little box there, grab the URL that we pasted before from when
we clicked on the ad. When we clicked on the ad, you see it, the URL and the text. Yeah. Yeah. So copy that.

Paste that in there. Yeah. Okay. And so what this does now is it obviously loads the site. It says the tag assist and click continue.

Uh, all right. And so what you can see here is that the Google ads conversion thing, that tag did fire. All the other tags did not fire, which is a problem. How do I see that? So see in this report here, it says, see where it says tags.

Tags fired. Tags fired and then tags not fired. Yeah. They've got it. Yeah.

They've got it. Um, and so, yeah, there's, so there's definitely an issue here because the Google analytics page
view should fire. The Google ads global should be firing. Like all that stuff should be firing. There's no reason for it not to fire, uh, unless you at some point opted out of tracking, uh,
no.

All right. Uh, click on. Um, so let's see why it didn't. So click on the GA page view. One, the first one says tag not fired and click on that.

Uh, so the fire trigger equals cookie consent update. Uh, which you didn't even get the cookie consent because you must have agreed to it before. Close this. You can close that. Sorry.

Close. Yeah. You can close that. Uh, the Google ads global is paused for some reason. Yeah.

So I, I think you need to have a talk with the guy who set this up and be like, look,
I want, first of all, you want all the global stuff, the Google analytics, the global ads
tracking, like that needs to fire on all pages all the time. Period. Right. Uh, hot jar. It's like even the hot jar tracking code can fire, uh, to some degree on all.

Well, you have it set up in the tag rules as to which page it'll fire on. So it makes sense why that didn't fire, but, um, yeah, yeah. All these global codes should be firing at all times to make sure that everything's so,
yeah, it looks like. Like, cause like, cause like, even if the, the Google ads conversion tag is firing here,
um, but the, if the Google ads global tag isn't firing, click on the, click on the one that
did fire. Let me just see something on that.

Uh, what are you looking for here for me to understand? Or should I just, I was trying to see if it had the code and showed which conversion, like,
cause there, I mean, there's no reason that conversion should be firing on the, on the
landing page. Right. Like no conversion has happened other than they click the ad. Um, so I don't know why it's firing a conversion at all.

There it should fire on the sales page. Right. Because the sales page, right? Yeah. The sales page should fire, uh, a conversion pixel, go back, click on the other tab.

Um, but we, we have the, I was true. We have the, um, let me just, uh, write that down so I can explain it to him. Um, um, one more question. There is in the text, not fired. There is this in the first, um, row, the last one, which has Google ads conversion and then
something in German.

I don't want that to fire here, but does it show up if that tag is set up somewhere or
does it mean that this. No, so, so it's not firing here. And then, and so, so look, not, you don't want everything to fire at all times. Right. So you only based on the rules.

So if that, if that particular goal is only supposed to fire, say on the sales page or
in a different funnel, then that's typically what should happen. So if you put in that URL, uh, where it is supposed to fire, then you'd be able to see
here, did it fire? It's okay. It shows up here under not fired. Yeah.

Yeah. Everything that's not, that doesn't have a rule associated with it. Like this is how you troubleshoot it. Like what is firing on each page? What is not?

And, and so by definition, you know, if that the rules for that particular tag were don't
fire it on this page, then that's fine. Got it. All I'm saying is the global ones should pretty much fire pretty much all the time. We understand. Yeah.

On each page, of course. Yeah. Yeah. So it would be a Google analytics page view, the Google ads global and that Google global. Yeah.

And that remarketing global probably. Yeah. It looks like we have to tidy up a bit. Yeah. I mean, look, he did, he did it right.

Cause he did it based on the consent thing, which makes complete sense. Like what, why he did it that way. But now, now that it's getting in your way, you just got to make a call on that and potentially
loosing it, loosen it up a little bit, at least for this testing phase to figure out
what's going on. And yeah. Okay.

Gotcha. Anything else you want to see in here? Go. Yeah. So in the other browser tab, you can stay in here, but just, yeah, go back to the tag.

So go under your tags for a minute. And then let's see. So the, so the first one is for the order complete and consent, the other Google ads conversion
with the German thing that's for a group. So click on that group. Yeah.

Let's see. And so, so that's where you want that to fire on that quiz page. Yeah. Okay. Great.

So that looks right. Why it says quiz, I don't know, but. Well, wait. But the, the, the, the dunker, the second word, that's correct. Maybe I should check that as well.

Right. I'm taking this. Yeah. Yeah. And again, you always want to make sure that you're checking what the, the ultimate URL
is in ClickFunnels under the little gear icon.

Yeah. So under the little gear icon. Kajabi as a reminder, because this page is in Kajabi. Good. Okay.

Okay. Okay. So you can close that. If I want to see that, do I have to edit it here or somewhere else? If you want to see what, how does it set up?

Oh, it's here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. So you can change that if it needs to be changed. Looks like I got a bit to do over the weekend. I mean, for now, you might be able to, to quickly fix it yourself just by going to that
cookie consent update one trigger.

See if there's a way to, on the, the little three dots there next to save. Yeah. I thought you could pause it. Maybe here. No.

Yeah. No, it's going to be looking for that event. So it means that the cookie consent update is connected to all the triggers, right? Listed here. Yeah.

Right. It's connected to all those tags. Um, so you can, if I remove X here, some triggers, it will, well, yeah, but I, instead
of editing all those, I'd rather just edit this, this entire rule. So scroll up, uh, yeah, click on that pencil from custom event to page view and just leave
it as all page views and hit save. So now you've basically taken, taking it out of the equation.

Like, so we are, we, we just immediately got rid of the cookie consent for now. Right. We, we, we, we, we got the, the, we got rid of it, blocking stuff from fire. Yeah. But you got to publish it.

Um, submit, right? Yeah. Yeah. Um, this is a weird setup. I think that you have to publish it afterwards.

Well, it allows you to make changes and test them out before you send them live. Yeah. Yeah. It does make sense. Yeah.

Um, all right. And so now I'll go back to the other, the tag assistant tab, uh, the other tab in your browser
where we had the kind of checker tool, uh, and just reload the, wherever the page was in
your browser, no, not this page, reload the actual landing page. You might've closed it in there, um, all right, click finish there. Close the tag assistant tab. Sometimes you got to restart it after you publish to go back to tag manager and just click preview
again.

Yep. Okay. Now go back. Yeah. Finish.

No. If you click that. Yeah. And then continue. All right.

And so now we've got. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Uh, page view firing remarketing firing again. I don't know why that conversion tag is firing, but you have to figure out what that is. You got the Microsoft one.

Um, and I don't know why he has these, those two global ones are paused for some reason. I'm not sure why they're paused. Um, I joined you in a call like, um, a while ago and we set up something here as well. What happened there. Um, and then we, and I remember you helped me set up one of those and therefore we paused
something else.

But honestly, I can't remember all of it. I can't remember all of it. So I would say the custom, the, the other one that says custom HTML, that one was probably
a click on it. Click on the tag. Let me see what it is.

Uh, all right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Go back.

And then click on the other one. That one. That's the universal analytics with the right thing. And yada, yada. Yeah.

Can I rename that to something else? Uh, no, I'll leave it. This is the actual Google analytics global, but yeah, let's unpause that one. That one. This one.

Yeah. Okay. I can unpause it here. Unpause. Save.

Save. And then test again. Yeah. Submit. Yes.

So, and then I'm closing. That one. That one. Do it again. Can I close it here?

Yeah. Great. All right. Now it looks like everything's firing. Uh, we still don't know why hot char doesn't fire.

Uh, we still don't know why hot char doesn't fire. And. Yeah. Uh, because they're well, because the hot char rule says the only fire on the sales page,
not the landing page. Okay.

True. And probably the same should be, should be the same for the other one. So one of those two conversion ones should fire on the next page. Yeah. So I will go through the most important pages.

Here's all the often in the sales page and see which tags are firing on what page. Right? Yeah. And look, literally you should only have two. There should be one.

There should be one that fires on the sales page that indicates that somebody opted in. And there should be one that fires on the order confirmation page that indicates somebody
bought. Yeah. Those are the only, I mean, you could potentially fire one on the order form if you wanted to
kind of, you know, track add to cart type. No, this is a minimum viable funnel.

So I think we don't have to go crazy. Yeah. Okay. So yeah. Thank you so much, Teddy.

I know it's a lot, but you're getting the hang of it. So this is, this is the, this is the biggest part is just kind of figuring this stuff out,
but. I mean, it's really bad if you think you pay someone to do it and then you still have to
do it kind of. No, I mean, I mean, like I said, I think he did it right based on, you know, his understanding
of, of what needs to happen in the EU to be compliant. So from that standpoint, it's, it's, it's okay what he did.

Um, but yeah. So, I mean, I, you know, whether you let him know what you, I mean, just make a note that
you changed that, uh, cookie consent update rule. Um, so that in case you need to send it, set it back at some point. Okay. Thank you so much.

You're welcome. Okay. Thank you so much. You're welcome. I hope that I don't see you next week again, because it means I'm still in trouble.

So it's nice talking to you anyway. It's my pleasure here. If you need me. Have a good weekend. Thank you.

So. Bye.
