---
title: "Tech 2021-12-08 22:58:36"
date: 2021-12-09
duration: 54m
duration_seconds: 3275
vimeo_id: 654739822
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-12-08 22:58:36

**Date:** 2021-12-09 | **Duration:** 54m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. I keep meaning to ask you, have you always lived where you live? In North Carolina, you mean? No, I grew up in Connecticut.

Oh, what brought you to North Carolina? Um, the internet, basically. Uh, so yeah, long story short, uh, I, I lived in Connecticut pretty much all my life. Uh, I was totally in a, in a bikes as a kid, like X games and stuff like that. So I worked at bike shops, ended up buying my hometown bike shop, like a 23 and built a website
for it.

Uh, my dad showed that website, some guys he was working with. They started hiring me to basically build kind of like password protected members areas
kind of for people that were doing what is now called crowdfunding. Uh, and they were coming down the Raleigh to, cause this place was a hotbed, you know, late
nineties. This was kind of a hot, yeah, Silicon Valley of the South was down here. Uh, so I followed them down for a weekend and turned around, went home, sold my store
and moved down here.

Like within two weeks, like it was just so, so different than Connecticut. And I was itching to get out of Connecticut anyways. Uh, but, uh, what, what's funny is I had just broken up with my girlfriend. So that was part of the reason to, to wanting to leave. Yeah.

That girlfriend, that girlfriend is now my wife. Oh no way. 20 years later. That's amazing. I had a feeling there was some sort of a, some sort of a story.

Um, I've never been, it's, it's on my list that in, um, there and Colorado have never
been, and I don't know why I can't get there. I've been to South Carolina a bunch, but not North Carolina. Oh, and, and we, uh, so about two, three years ago when she moved down here, uh, actually
I had, I had a fire at my other house right before she moved down here. Uh, which was karma basically burning itself away. Uh, but, uh, uh, made some good money on the insurance claim and bought a house on a
lake.

Uh, so I'm like, like literally outside my window is a beautiful lake. Oh my gosh. 15 feet away. That's amazing. Um, did you lose everything in the fire?

Uh, no, actually that's, that's actually the good part. So it was, it was like a brush fire that was outside that caught like a little storage
shed on fire. And that storage shed kind of caught the right side of the house on fire. Um, but because it spread up the side of the house and kind of across the roof, there
was a lot of days. Like they pretty much had to redo almost the entire house, but none of my personal stuff
really got damaged.

Uh, my best, my best friend, uh, she lost her home and everything she owned in the Northern
California fire, the paradise fire three years, three years ago now, three years ago now. Yeah. She, that was crazy. And they're like, she and her husband are like collectors. So, and they're still dealing with all the insurance and everything.

It's just like, I mean, they have their lives and it's all that matters and that's their
mindset, which is great, but like, whew. Right. Well, I mean, I mean, I would say, well, two things. So it was funny. It was like, uh, as soon as the fire happened, I posted about it on Facebook and this kid that
I hadn't, hadn't talked to from high school in 20 years immediately messaged me and he's
like, dude, hire a public adjuster.

They'll handle the claim for you. You'll get a lot more money and you won't get screwed. And so I went to Google and I hired, I had never heard of this. I went to Google, I Googled public adjuster. The number three result that I clicked on had a long form sales letter was using infusion
soft.

I was like, that's my guy. Oh my gosh. You guys. Oh, it's so funny. And he did help me kind of get every single penny possible, uh, out of them.

So it was, that's amazing. But, but, but the other part was I did realize like, like all my stuff, even though I didn't
lose it, it was in storage for a year. Like I didn't have access to it. I missed maybe 5% of the stuff that I own. Oh my gosh.

Isn't that the truth? Like, I, I, I have no doubt. I have no doubt. I'm very good at getting rid of stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff. Bye-bye.

But yeah, it's like, this is like, move it out to the garage. And if it's in the garage, like, and I'm like, maybe we don't need it. And if we don't, I don't think of it off. It goes without opening the box. You know what I mean?

Donate. And I mean, even just like the simplification, like, just, you know, like I was living in,
in kind of a extended stay hotel for like three months and, and there was something very
enjoyable about 400 square feet of space where I had my bed, kitchen, living room and bathroom. Very minimalist. Right? It was like, this isn't, this isn't that, this isn't that bad.

Amazing. Anyway, I just wanted to know. Yep. So thank you. You're welcome.

Now the whole person program knows my life story. Oh, do you think people watch the replays? I don't know. I mean, I don't watch the replays. It doesn't even occur to me.

Oh, my God. All right. So I have a bump issue to resolve, but I don't know if we should do it right now because,
okay, so removing the slate scrummy from the offer to the bump was the plan. And I started to do that with Paul, but we ran into like a snag. So I asked him to tell me what to convey because I didn't want to,
I didn't want to, I don't want to play telephones.

So I'm going to read it. We installed the script for the bump image for C from CF pro tools,
but he believes there was some additional code that needs to be added because it's a
physical product. He thinks it has something to do with selecting the country where the product is supposed to be
shipped now. But so that's the issue, but I'll say, I don't want to do the bump right now. So I don't know if this is something we should troubleshoot now or troubleshoot later because
I don't have the inventory for the bump.

I blew through my inventory through the black Friday stuff. So for the bump product, I don't have it. Should we just work on it later? Yeah, we can work on it later. And, and, and it just, I would, my question would be like, why,
what are you using the CF pro tools part for versus just using the built-in bump thing for?

Got it. Okay. I don't know. Um, yeah, so, but, um, good news on that situation. So I'd put in, um, I don't know if I told you, I created this thing called the super star
playbook.

It's like a coloring book, 12 page, you know, downloadable, um, coloring book and like encourages
the kids to, you know, buy in for the hand-washing process. And, um, I changed the offer like yesterday afternoon. So I took out the physical product and put in the digital, um, bonus just to bring down
the cost of goods and, um, yeah, no change in sales. So, I mean, I guess I've learned the term statistically insignificant because it's 24
hours, but it seems to be just fine. So maybe we'll get that extra five bucks from a bump.

And if we don't, then I still save money on the cogs. So, okay. Do you want to hear about now? This is like a bigger issue. And I don't know if you, if, okay.

So we have a problem with a bit of a problem with the ship station integration. And I think they just like really don't, I don't think they understand ClickFunnels as
a platform, even though ship station is an integration that they have. So what's happening that we've been trying to troubleshoot for like two weeks. Can't it, it, it, I realized at one point that the email, the shipping notification emails
are not going out to the customers. Okay.

Like I have the zap going to my thank you email so that they know I received their order
and it's not like lost in the void, but the shipping notification is not making its way
to them. Um, but the delivery confirmation is making its way to them. So it's super strange. I don't know what's happening. And I'm wondering if something here could be the problem in ClickFunnels.

I'm going to pull, um, I can pull ClickFunnels up for a minute. Let me share, let me share my screen because it's just like a really convoluted situation. And I think it might be a way outside and ship station and I are just not, not getting there. Um, so I went to, we look in product and I pick one and it, cause they keep saying like,
oh, we're not getting the orders from Stripe integrated. Right.

And I'm like, it's not coming from Stripe. Um, as far as I understand it, it's just like, that's the payment gateway. But I saw this thing here, fulfillment email. Okay. So it's turned off, but if we turn it on, okay.

We get, what do you want it to say? Right. But we don't have my products. Thank you page URL. There's no membership area.

And I don't understand how this would talk to ship station. No, it won't. That would, that would send out directly through ClickFunnels. So that would be irrelevant. Yeah.

It would be a badly, badly formatted email. So the client, so in ship station, like the person's email address and all that stuff
is being passed over correctly. Yeah. Because the delivery confirmations are happening, you know, and. Is the delivery confirmation coming from ship station or is it coming from.

It is. Yeah. So normally. Let me, let me find. Nice email.

Amy. Okay. So. We have. Isn't see.

Is it order details on stripes? And. And I told them like, this is a bad, this is from ClickFunnels. This is not it. Do you also have a Stripe integration?

I do. Yeah. So we have in here, we have the products are, the, the payment gateways are, you know,
PayPal and Stripe. And then. I mean, is ship station pulling orders from Stripe?

I don't. I thought it's pulling from. I thought it's pulling from ClickFunnels. Well, it should be what I'm getting, is there anywhere else where you're using like Shopify
or whatever, we're using Stripe that the ship station. And the weird thing is, I'll show you what's happening.

So we go to, if we go in ship station and we go to, hold on, selling channels and we go
to ClickFunnels and we edit the marketplace connection, it connects with Stripe, not ClickFunnels. Okay. And that was when you did the ClickFunnels setup? I guess so. I mean.

Go in, go back to ClickFunnels. Sorry. Augie. Augie, it's fine. Augie, it's fine.

It's fine. Augie, you're fine. You're fine. You're fine. You're fine.

You're fine. Thank you. Go to your, click on your name, top right. Account settings. Augie, thank you.

Scroll down. Integrations. Click on it. Click on the integration, I've never integrated ship station, click on the integration help docs. Search for on it.

Search for ship station. This one. Right click and open that menu tab and then the one below it too. I had no idea that that was a thing. Right click on it, open like a new tab.

Okay, cool. Let me go the first one. Yeah. First one. Scroll down.

You want to take over my screen to read at your pace. That's fine. Just scroll. I'm just, I'm just getting quickly for. Okay.

So you got your API key. Go in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Get all that. Get the nickname. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Okay. Not very helpful. Next one. Okay. Scroll down.

One. Edit. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Augie. Thank you. Thank you. We've done this part.

The check the box. Yeah. Let's, let's just make sure it looks right. I guess. Um, okay.

Um, let me just make sure there's nothing that we're missing. Because we set up this, and it's set up right. As far as I know, product skew, right? Oh, did you see that, by the way? That's how we fix your, uh, your bump and upsell issue.

Oh, create a group. Wow. Okay. We'll get there. That'd be super cool.

Uh, so I wonder product purchase information to ship station to do it. I did allow that. This is the original scrubby trio with bonuses. Zero. I, I wonder if it's because.

Let's make sure. Yeah. There it is. OGS. Yeah.

I wonder if it has anything to do with it. Okay. My goodness. The price and ship station set to zero. Um, problem.

Okay. Guys, take it down a notch. Okay. Um, does it, I mean, where, where do you see price? I'm not seeing price.

Uh, I don't know. Uh, uh, good activity. Yeah. Let's just update it. Under inventory.

No. It wouldn't be. Customs. It's only happening with the click funnels orders. Yeah.

Ever. All my other stuff is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Every, all my other stuff is like fine. That's why I wasn't catching it.

Cause I get myself copied on things as I get them set up. And so I was getting my Shopify ones and I didn't notice it happening until people started
saying, where's my order. And I'm like, you should have gotten an email. And I'm like, Oh man, you didn't get an email. And so when you look at it, when you look at a, an order in here, it would show you which
emails got sent and which ones didn't.

I don't know. Shoot. Shoot. Which are my, which are my click funnels orders. These are only showing my, this is weird.

Um, these are showing my, these are order numbers from my Shopify, not even showing orders
for click funnels, but let me find a click funnels customer. I think I saved one. Um, hold on. Um, I feel very confused. Let's say trash.

Shipped delivered delivered. Okay. So there's a customer. Here's an order number. Search.

So there's, you see what I mean? Like not even, so let me see the shipment notifications. It says marketplace notification failed, no such order. And that's what they were saying. That ship station isn't recognizing the order number, but it's obviously coming over because
I'm able to ship it.

Uh, and what is, uh, Sweetheart, can you go to the door? And I think there's a package delivered. Would you mind grabbing it? Thank you, sweetheart. I would look, I would look her up in Stripe as well and see what the order number is.

Oh, she's, she's PayPal. Oh. So let me find, I can look at another Stripe one, I guess. She's PayPal. Clearly we like PayPal.

Actually go back to her for a minute. Go back to her. The original one. Oh, the original one. Whichever one we're just looking at.

Yeah. 931-90368. Uh, go to, go to ClickFunnels. Let's see if that's it. Or look, look, look up Sarah Cooper and ClickFunnels.

Let's see. Let's see. Just type her name in that search box at the top. Where? Oh, oh.

It's in the mail. Huh? It's in the mail. No package, honey? Oh, you brought it in.

Thank you, sweetheart. Go to purchase. Click view. Charge ID, purchase ID. It's up there in that URL.

So 931-90368. That matches, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. So it looks like, it looks like ShipStation is trying to notify.

Well, so for that order, I guess it could make sense. Oh. So because this one's PayPal, right? Mm-hmm. And if it's trying to, if ShipStation for some reason is trying to notify Stripe and mark the order as shipped in Stripe,
then yes, there would be.

Yeah, because it's like that marketplace connection only takes me to Stripe, right? Not ClickFunnels. Right. And so... And so this didn't go through Stripe, so that wouldn't be right.

So... So yeah, I would then look for one that was done through Stripe and see if the order ID matches in Stripe, but I tend to doubt it's gonna... Okay. Okay. That's not gonna work.

I'm not gonna go through that. It's gonna take forever. Um... Let me go to sales. Maybe I'll find someone that way.

Um... Okay. So this person, five hours ago, they went through Stripe. Okay. All right, so the order ID is the 93390720.

Where do you see that? Up in the URL. Oh, I thought... So what's the ID next to the... Is that the product ID next to original Stripe Trio with bonuses?

That's the product ID, yeah. All right. So check-in ship station for that order number. Okay. Great.

It's there. Oh, yeah. They're definitely there. Now open that one up. Thank you.

Oh, that one... Is that one... That one shipped already too? I've shipped everything. I'm like a beast this time of year.

Out, out, out. Okay. Okay. So now that one doesn't have... Have that thing.

Right. So the question is, did she get the email or not? What's her name? Jennifer Hoffman. I got myself copied on all of these now.

What? Okay. Hold on. How do I search without that? I send it.

It's like all... Wait. This would have just happened. This would have just happened. Sarah Cooper.

Yeah. I only have delivered. She didn't get notified or that would have been in my deleted and order shipped. Yeah. That's from Shopify.

And that's from Shopify. Sarah Cooper was the last one. Cause hers was delivered. Uh... All right.

And then the only other thing... So the only other thing would be to check inside of Stripe and see... Let's see, I'm curious if the order ID is matched and or if the status is being changed inside of here. I found it and don't worry. Thank you.

I can't right now. I'm still on the call. I see. Yeah, because it's a black light. Just go to payments, customers, payments, either on payments or customers.

Oh, OK. What was her name? Jennifer Hoffman. She's probably this one, but maybe her email doesn't. Fullette.

OK, this is her. OK, open that up for a minute. Pull down. Three, two, four, nine. Oh, that's her credit card number again.

I don't see an order number. Yeah, I don't see an order number either. But it could just be that stripe doesn't. Yeah, so I'm, you'll have to, I, yeah, I'm not sure what it is, but it could just be that stripe doesn't. Yeah, so I, I'm, you'll have to, I, yeah, I'm not sure why, not sure why it's showing up as stripe and sort of source side of ship station, and I'm also not sure what sending an email has to do with talking back to stripe anyways.

Like, like, I can see for Shopify where, you know, status in Shopify, the order needs to be changed, but in stripe it doesn't necessarily have to be changed. I guess I just don't understand why the marketplace connection and ship station is to stripe. Go back to ship station for a minute. Close out of that. Go to the, go back to the integration stuff.

Click on connect the store marketplace just out of curiosity. What? This one? What? This one?

No, no, no, the blue button. Oh. Let's click on the option. Nope. Nope.

Go back to that. Go back to that. Go back to that ClickFunnels article. This one? What, what else does it say below there?

So we did this. So we did this. Did this. And do this. Choose your product.

Let me just, I did that. Assign a group number optional. Go back to that. Back to that. I'm going to look one more time.

physical product. Click funnels. Pick the right product. Right. And.

Yeah. Like I can't. This is a good product. Click funnels. Pick the right product.

Right. And. Yeah. I, I can't. This is a good product.

Click funnels. Click funnels. Pick the right product. Right. And.

Yeah. I, I can't. Like. I can't. This is send.

Product purchase information. So just. For shipping fulfillment. But. Okay.

I mean, I mean like click funnels is doing its job. It's sending the order over. Yeah. Why ship station can't send an email is on ship stations. And like.

And it's just so weird because they are sending the delivery notification. You know what I mean? Like it's, it makes absolutely no sense. Mm hmm. Right.

I mean, I know this is on ship station side, but they keep like. You know, it's just so strange. Go back to their support email. Mm hmm. Yeah.

It looks like stripe isn't recognizing the order number ship station sending. Are you able to provide a screenshot of the order details on stripes and. Uh, meet time is how it does. And just deeper. Click on that.

Help article thing. Um. Payments or charges not associated with an order. So that's why. Hmm.

That's what's going on. So click funnels doesn't necessarily create orders inside of stripe. It only creates payments. Mm hmm. And so.

Their integration is trying to write back and update an order that doesn't exist. But again, I, I would write. So I would just go back to the, go back to the emails. Support dude. Reply.

Uh, so we use click funnels. As our checkout system. Which is integrated with stripe. And PayPal, right? Yeah.

Uh, stripe and. Yeah. I mean, the PayPal thing may not matter right now. So. Uh, there's any great stripe.

Um, click funnels only creates payments in stripe, not orders. So if you're trying to find an order in stripe to update, you're not going to find it. Why would that prevent the email from being sent though? Like I said. sentiment story amount.

,
so. I don't, I think if you have to. I forgot. Like a letter. Like a letter.

And if you have to score. I would like to do it. Yes. Does it seem to. Like negative or?

Ooh. You cooked that口 of carta from high. I know God. Moving like breakfast, écris. We're going to give them an order today.

I don't think we're going to be here anyway. All right, so we use ClickFunnels without a checklist, clickfunnels only creates payments
and stripes not orders. Just after that not orders put it appears ClickFunnels is using
your Stripe relay integration question mark question mark yeah I mean are the PayPal orders
are making it to ship station as well though right they're all making it to ship station
yeah. So I would put although that doesn't seem right either either since PayPal orders through
clickfunnels are also being sent to ship station. Trying to find your site okay you're not going to find it, why would that prevent
the email from being sent though.

I would go from there. Send? Okay. Okay. So annoying.

And ship station is like one of the top ones so I'm surprised. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean the other option if it still becomes an issue would be to well
it's still won't fix it either because they're looking for orders and stripe they're not going
to find them so yeah well we'll have to see what they respond with but it doesn't make sense like like I get it like so it's trying to update stripe some error is happening you can't find the order and then whatever script is running just stops running and it doesn't continue and send the email but. It should be like two separate processes like updating stripe with the order status is one thing sending the email should be something else that one should not break if the other doesn't work. Okay, well I'll keep trying it's been an ongoing thing and I'm like trying to explain everything and then to gotten this email and talking about the stripe again I was like, oh, trying to explain click funnels but we'll keep going. Um, okay cool did you get my email about Todd's camera setup.

Uh, I did, and I don't know Todd's camera setup but I may have Richard. It's not like urgent it's just I've noticed that like I'm doing this kind of series thing um for YouTube starting in January and every time I see his courses like it looks so nice like he's a blurred background and like bright and crisp. Chris yeah yeah yeah so I think that I think they're there I think they're using like a regular like Canon type camera to do that kind of stuff. Um. Oh, so he's using a real camera.

Yeah. Like an actual real camera. Uh, yeah, let me let me see one thing hang so it's just in there and I might be able to find it quickly. Browser come up here. Um.

Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. One second. Yes, let me see that, let me see that if I, I can see the browser come up here.

Um. Oop. Bubburg, what did you see. Mm. Wow.

Yeah. Yeah. One second. Yeah. No, okay.

So here I go. Thank you. I got the video, I just need to find out where the hell it is. While you're looking for that, how involved are you in the E5 agency part? I'm not really involved at all, other than helping agency clients with tracking issues, typically.

He's awesome. Matt, Graham, I don't know how tied into, is he part of the agency? I don't know. I'm still in trouble with this whole thing, but he has been awesome. Yeah, he's a good dude.

In case you wanted to know, it was helpful to know. He is like, I've had a couple, I've worked with a couple people. And so have my friends, and it's just, he's miles apart. Awesome. So much better.

Glad to hear it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

I've never heard of it and I have no intention of creating a course, but you should do the
mommy and me entrepreneur course for girls or something. Oh my gosh. Yeah. No, I'm all for these digital downloads. But the rest of it, no.

Anything beyond that is pushing it, huh? Exactly. Physical products and I've been converted over to digital downloads. That's all I'm going to do. As far as we're going.

I found this fantastic cartoonist on Fiverr in the Philippines. She is so, so good. And she knocked out that coloring book. And now I'm like, oh my God, for the marker, Parker. I'm like, I'm just going to have so many coloring books and coloring pages.

And she's amazing. And I don't have to do anything. It's phenomenal. I'll just have to find it. I'm showing you the new, when you're ready to look, I'll show you the updated design for
the marker, Parker.

There's it from the top view, the side view, in our signature marigold. Nice. So awesome. Look at that. So cool.

It was so cool. Now, now, so just out of curiosity, so like, do you just go to your supplier and be like,
Hey, I want this thing that holds markers and this is what I wanted to look like. And they figure it out, or you've got to give them all the measurements, all the specs. Well, it's interesting because in the past few months, I've kind of, I've changed my process
because I'm scaling. Um, and so in the past, like I basically do, my process is always, um, let me stop the share.

Um, my process has always been like here, then create something 3d. Like we're talking out of Play-Doh, like anything that can make me see it. And then I'll go to the 3d designer and I'll be like, okay, this is what I'm seeing. And we go back and forth, you know, for a while until, cause I, I can't sketch, I don't
work in 2d. So it's kind of like, that's how we get the 2d thing and the 3d at the same time.

Um, and then historically, then I would find a factory and then we create a sample mold,
um, so that we can, or I'd obviously, I'd 3d print it before that. And then I'm happy with the 3d print, but it's never in the materials. And a lot of times the material matters. So then I go with the factory I'm going to go with and create a sample mold. And then, you know, look at it, make some adjustments.

Like what you saw was the sample, like for that, that was the sample mold. So I'm like, okay, I need, I want it to look a little bit different. Um, and then once I've approved the sample, then we go into mass production tooling and
then whatever, but now I'm actually working with a team who, um, cause that takes a ton
of work, right. For me, that's a ton of work. Um, and I just, I enjoy it, but I can't do it anymore.

So this team, there's like a development process. So I go like, here's what's in here here. I'm going to show you my thing I created at home. And this is what I want you to create. And they work through some concepts around it, you know?

So there's this one, a create an invention that's coming out in June that took a lot more
on their side. Whereas the marker Parker, it was like my old process. So the new process, they show me 2d designs and all of that, and then they take it through
the engineering and then they, and then my supply chain management, new supply chain management
team, they take it over, find the factory, manage the whole process, start to finish. So if you ask me about what I've been doing versus what I am doing going forward, there's
a very, there's companies that do it all for you. I just, you know, never did that before, but it's super fun.

I love sourcing and I love manufacturing, but if you don't have feet on the ground, it's
impossible to do now. Cause I can't fly there right now, you know what I mean? There's, there's no, any of that. So this company, they have feet on the ground and they are not the factory. So they're able to go to the factories, make sure everything's lined up, check everything.

It's, it's really fun, but it's really weird for me to have other people doing it. And they're like, okay, we'll take care of that. Like never before. I've been like, I want some markers markers. Um, they need to be this, this, this, this, and this.

And they're like, okay, we'll get back to you with some options. Like, oh my God, it's amazing. It's amazing. Gotcha. No, like we got some markers for you.

Like, okay. All right. Great. But yeah, I'd say that the marker Parker is probably the last one I would do on my own
for a while, you know? Makes sense.

But yeah, that was all, that was all me. That one. It's so not important. I'm just doing, um, a YouTube series with my inventor crew. That's going to be called the B suite where we have a conversation kind of just like we
just had, like, but I asked them like a bunch of questions about status of the business now,
how their process looks like whatever.

And we just chit chat because we, we chit chat all the time about each other's projects
and whatever. And I'm like, this would, I think this would be fun and interesting for people to hear,
you know, who, who have product-based businesses and whatever. And like, if somebody handed me 30 grand, no strings attached today, like, what would
I do? Like, I'd want to ask them, like, what would you do with it right this second? Right.

Um, like for me, six months ago, it was figure out how to convert customers, wherever that
is, like, whatever that means. Um, that's where I'd put my money and, you know, um, something, you know, now that you
didn't know last year, that's important, you know, stuff like that. So we're going to have those conversations, but it really doesn't matter if it's just
like ugly camera on zoom, I just was like, maybe get lighting makes me look a little
more, um, like well-rested. It's too much. Look, that's part of the entrepreneurial journey.

I never look well-rested always. Um, yeah. Okay, cool. So I'll keep you posted on ship station. Okay.

We'll see. Um, and then in the future, maybe Friday or next week, I do want to explore. I know you said it was possible the option of being able to check a box so they don't
have to enter their billing info and their full shipping info. If there's a box and I think you said that CF pro tools will allow me to do that. So I want to do that because I want to get that scrubby funnel, like perfect because I
copied it, but then I'm like, wait, I'm going to get it.

Perfect, perfect, perfect. And then I'm going to copy it for the marker marker. So that's, what's coming my friend. Sounds like a plan. Well, thank you.

You're welcome. We're going to, we're going to figure this out and then we'll talk about the bump issue
when I have products to sell. All right. Well, have a good evening. You too.

I'll talk to you later. Okay. Bye. Bye.
