---
title: "Tech 2021-09-10 15:59:05"
date: 2021-09-10
duration: 2h 4m
duration_seconds: 7493
vimeo_id: 602048705
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-09-10 15:59:05

**Date:** 2021-09-10 | **Duration:** 2h 4m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

So is it cool if I just start talking? Absolutely. Go for it. Okay. How are you, by the way?

I'm great. I just got back from the Dominican. So I am fully refreshed. So you're real good. Okay.

Good. Real good. Anything you need. I loved it. I haven't, I went there.

That was our honeymoon was there. So. Yeah. We went for our anniversary and it was awesome. Amazing.

Yay. Two days at the spa. Okay. Goals. Goals.

Um, okay. So not that I expect you to remember, but just as a refresher, I had had a Stripe account
for like a wholesale, whatever situation. And I created another Stripe thing. And what I think happened is I didn't realize I was logged into the wrong one when we mapped
the product. So I just went ahead and deleted that old Stripe thing so that it's real clear.

So if you don't, um, and I think we may have to reconnect the, do you mind if I share my
screen? I'll show you what I'm seeing. Okay. Um, okay. Share my desktop and let's go to click funnels.

Okay. So I go to check out. Okay. So here's my, I used to have two down in the dropdown. Okay.

And I took away the one that wasn't connected with click funnels. But when I go to do my checkout, oops, um, this is what comes up missing purchase. So I'm wondering if that was mapped with the old account where I deleted the account, deleted
the product, et cetera. So I would love to try to reset them up. So I have them in here in my Stripe.

Um, so I'd love to try to troubleshoot that. Yeah. So go, we'll go into the order form for one minute. Edit page part. Yep.

Okay. Just to be safe only because we use kind of one of the older order forms. So right there was this dynamically updated. Like, yeah. Click, click the plus sign.

Oh, the plus sign. Yeah. We're going to add the, we're going to add the element again, just to make sure. So, uh, that's the, uh, that's the order select thing. So click that.

Like that. Yeah. I just want to add another one. I'll delete the one above it. Just to be safe.

And then scroll down and we're going to do the same thing for that order summary. So right above the complete order button. Oh, oh, I see. I see. Okay.

Add new element. Add new element. This one. The order summary. Uh, oh, here.

Yeah. Okay. And then this was the old one, right? Yep. Okay.

Delete that. Okay. Yoke. Okay. So click save.

Save. And then now you can exit the page. What's going on with this thing? It's like a lot of weird room up here. Um, that's strange.

Look at that. Uh, okay. That's very bizarre. Reload the entire page. Yeah.

It's been, it's been weird for me this morning doing weird stuff where I couldn't scroll all
the way to the bottom and I couldn't scroll. Is it just that page or is it every page? No, it was when I went to go edit my, this page, I couldn't build an element below the
last element. I don't know. It's like there's some, can you drag up like from the top where that little divider?

I'm just going to try. Like right above your scroll bar. Uh, on the right, I got above your scroll bar. Yeah. Up above it.

Yeah. There you go. What was that then? I don't know. Super weird.

Who knows? Okay. All right. Uh, yeah. So go to products.

And we don't have a bump. So that's the only one there. Okay. And just click edit. So you recreated this product when you changed the stripe around?

Um, I didn't. I would, I would delete it and recreate it then. Okay. So let me go back to this. Right.

So let me just go here, getting out of it up here. Okay. And then products. Delete. I mean, I did delete it once, but I can't guarantee when I did it.

I might've just edited it. So, okay. So go back to the order form. Go to products. Add a product.

Stripe. Mm-hmm. One time. Save and next. Um, okay.

Original. Strabby trio with bonuses. The price is $27.99 USD. I don't need to fill any of that out. There is no bump.

Save and next. No variations. So am I saving close now? Save and close. Okay.

Cool. So now go ahead and try it. Okay. I'm going to go back. So.

Back. Back, back, back. Oh, can I not go back? Okay. So I'm just going to close this.

Hold on. So my. Yeah. So let me. How do I go in?

And I didn't even realize it was like automatically live. So, uh, we need to go to here. Copy this. Here. You don't have to go from that page.

Go straight to the order form. Cool. Oh. Oh, okay. I didn't realize.

All right. Uh, so we go. Here. We go to the order form. And you don't have to.

You don't have to copy the. Just click on the little arrow at the. At the end. Yes. Yep.

Oh, I see. Okay. Cool. Should have it all populated for me. Okay.

The bonuses. Oh, you're in Huntington Beach. You rock. Yeah. That's a cool spot.

Thanks. Love it. Missing purchase. What the hell? That's very weird.

And just seeing it like this is a card I use all the time. So this isn't. Yeah, no, it wouldn't be the. Not a card thing. Uh, all right.

Let's go, go back, go back to the page from that. Go back to. Here. Yep. Okay.

Let me close this. Uh, I mean, at a page. Cool. Yep. Click on the, go to the button.

The button itself. Like complete purchase. Yeah. Reorder. Yeah.

Yeah. Go to set action. Uh, well, it actually makes me feel good that this is stumping you a little bit because then it makes me feel better. Let's add a new button just to be safe. Okay.

Like the same kind of thing. Just do that. Yeah. And then do it below. Um.

On your button. Button. Yep. Okay. And then set action.

Submit order. Right. Yep. Okay. I've changed this text to, I'm not going to bother making it pretty yet.

Right. Complete. Order. Okay. And then I'm going to delete this.

Yep. Let's change out one more thing. Just be safe. Let's change out that credit card section too. No, not the up above where you.

Oh, this. Yep. Okay. Um, credit card. Yep.

Okay. Oh, so the top one is the delete one. Yep. Yeah. Okay.

Cool. All right. All right. So that's all the elements. That should.

So let's try that. Okay. Uh, where was that little button? I have to go back now. Oh, I have to save it.

No, just hit save and then. And then you can just do preview. Oh. Oh, I see. Okay.

Oh, I didn't remember that. Got it. Okay. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. I don't know why it doesn't look.

I didn't say submitting before. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Well, so that's, that's a different issue, but, uh,
Right.

Yeah. We didn't go anywhere. Well, I just, it must have not either set to go to the wrong page or that you don't have
the confirmation page after in the funnel, but so go back to the funnel, but so go back to
the funnel that should have brought us to the, um, upsell page. Okay. Uh, so let's go into the order form for a minute.

Edit. Uh, go to the settings. General. Huh? Okay.

It's very weird. Uh, it's pretty bizarre. Um,
All right. I get that for a minute. First of all, go to Stripe.

Let's see if I went to see if the money went to Stripe. Hmm. Uh,
weird. All right. Go and click false.

Exit out of here. Um, go to sales. The sales page. No, up in the blue bar. Or sales here.

Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. That's very weird. Go back to steps.

Have you recreated the product on the OTO page since you changed? On the what page? On the upsell page? Um,
I guess,
no,
I guess that wouldn't know. Let's,
uh,
edit page.

Uh,
just be under the products. You don't have to go. Oh,
I'm sorry. What? Just be under the products.

Oh,
right,
right,
right. Okay. Let me delete an ad. Okay. Do you want to keep control of my screen?

Uh,
no,
not yet. Let me,
let's check one. Go under settings under the blue bar. Scroll down. Ah,
there it is.

Ah,
is there a save down? Yeah,
save an update. All right. Now,
now you may need to go back in those products because you may actually be able to select the products from the Stripe account. Okay,
cool.

So we go back to order form. That's where,
right? Yeah. Products. Delete.

Okay. Okay. Order form. Products. Products.

Strike. One time. Save the next. And that should be it. Save the next.

Girl,
haunt scroll. Oh,
sorry. Sorry. Fred. Sorry.

Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Let's click on product details. Where's that?

Scroll up. All right. The second tab there. Scroll down. Nope.

Okay. All right. Never mind. So you're good. All right.

I would try. I'm going to do it one more time in the upsell. No,
I think you're fine on the upsell. I thought there might be,
I thought once you connected the Stripe account to the funnel,
it might give you the ability to select the product,
but it doesn't. Oh,
okay.

So now I go here. Yeah. Right. Let me see if it's all populated. Okay.

And then let's do this again. Weird though,
show that this is the old color. Yeah. Must not have updated yet. Which is weird.

Missing purchase. Yeah. All right. Now go back. Go into edit page.

Do you want to do this thing again? No,
I just want to make sure the blue button's still there. Yeah. That's very weird. Hit save.

And preview. It's interesting. Look what just showed up. That's,
that's part of your Stripe. So that means Stripe is configured better.

All right. Just put in your,
just go ahead and check out. Oh,
sorry. Might help if I put my numbers in here. That's different.

Come on. Come on. No whammy. No whammy. Okay.

There you go. We've gotten somewhere. Shall we say yes? Yes. Go ahead and add it.

No whammy. No whammy. Thank you. Okay. Let's go to Stripe.

All right. Hold on. And I just want to,
let me move you a second,
please. Okay. Total.

It's interesting though. It doesn't,
it doesn't add them,
huh? For a total. It doesn't add them. It's weird.

Okay. Payments. Hello. Interesting though. It didn't combine it.

That's going to be tricky for shipping. It didn't combine them into the,
well,
go to invoices. Those are the payments. I see what you're saying. It just came through his payments.

Going to that customer. Hold on. Hold on. Oh,
I'm going to check something real quick. Okay.

On a separate,
um,
just look at ship station for a second and see what it did in my shipping software. Um,
okay. That's unfortunate. That just means my integration isn't working yet,
but that's okay. I probably connected it to the wrong place.

Worth a shot. Um,
go into the customer though. Let's see. Oh,
sorry,
sorry,
sorry. Customer.

That was me. So that came through as one. Yeah. But click on it,
like click on. Oh,
go into it.

Got it. Okay. So it just shows us two payments,
not two invoices. Got it. Yeah.

So do you do that is pretty common for click funnels where it does create a
separate order for the upsells typically. Typically,
uh,
I'm not sure what the fix for that would be from shipping standpoint. Cause if it's two in here,
it's going to feed to ship station,
which of course I had,
I understand now the wrong stripe integrated into ship station,
but it's totally going to do that,
which I can of course one by one manually override,
but that's going to be,
right. Ricky. Yeah.

I'll have to research and see. Would you please? That'd be awesome. I mean,
we can,
we can leave it go for now,
obviously. And I can,
you know,
manually blah,
blah,
blah,
blah.

Um,
uh,
how is the,
from stripe to ship station is going through Zapier or is there a direct
integration? No,
actually it's a direct integration now,
which is phenomenal. Sure. That's right. You should be proud.

I did a lot of work since I talked to you last. I got my FedEx account into ship station,
ship station integration,
kind of learned connected to the wrong place,
but learned. Um,
so,
you know,
feeling good. Um,
this would be ideal if we could work this out. Um,
and then I will,
um,
I will step if it's all right with you,
I will step aside for Val.

Um,
and then I'd like to come back with two more,
um,
questions about lucky orange and PayPal. Sounds good. All right. Okay. Thanks Val for your patience.

I'll be listening. Hey,
I'm just letting you do your thing. Hey,
Teddy. Hey Val,
how are you? Good.

How are you? I am awesome. Good. Uh,
Jade was going to be here,
but she had an emergency dental thing. Oh,
she's okay.

Um,
Lisa may also come. She also had a question about the UTMs and the Google analytics,
something about that wasn't lining up properly. Amy,
can you stop sharing the screen? Yeah. Let's see.

Jade. Yeah. Jade has given me my marching orders. Let me share what we've got here and see if you can help us sort something out. All right.

So here we go. We have created,
um,
a duplicate funnel for the beginning course,
50% off sale funnel. Okay. And we have added in the opt-in,
the free ebook opt-in on the front of it. Okay.

Everything else should be exactly the same as it was,
uh,
with the original funnel. And I know we have to reset integrations and,
and paths and stuff,
right? When we clone a funnel,
a whole funnel,
um,
it doesn't bring all of that stuff over. Correct. Correct.

Now the problem here is,
uh,
Jade is having trouble setting the paths. So as you can see on the sales page,
the DKP blah,
blah,
blah,
is not right. So,
um,
when she tries to change that to be dash C or V or whatever it's supposed to be,
it will not hold this. It doesn't save it. Yeah.

Cause because,
well,
it's because the top page is not supposed to be dash C or V it's only the,
the pages with the root URL should just be begin dash course dash 50 off dash
details,
or,
or I mean,
I wouldn't call it a sales page just in general. Right. So the sales pages was always kind of dash details. And then it's the two pages below it that get the dash C or the dash V. So if,
if one of those is so click on the gears for each of those.

Yeah. So that one already has dash C. So,
all right. So hold on a second. So HS begin.

So that's the name of that's what we're going to use. So just grab the HS begin forward slash dash details. Great. Grab that. Copy it.

Get out of there. Go to the other one. Okay. That one should be V. Great.

Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. Now I go to publishing tab. And paste that in there.

So this should be this. Get rid of the dash C. There you go. That's it. That's it.

Ah,
well,
that was simple. Sort of. Aha. Look at that. Wow.

Teddy,
you're awesome. So you got the same issue on the opt-in page. I saw like she had the dash C. Oh,
okay. So let's go back to here.

And let me. And again. Yeah. Okay. And that's not the same.

Okay. So. Yeah. No,
you're all messed up. All right.

So paste that in there. All right. And just change the details to reg. Yeah. Okay.

And then under publishing,
go do the same thing. Okay. The path should be. Just dash red. So get rid of the dash C and the dash details
and just make it dash red.

Yeah. There you go. Okay. I'm going to go to the order form. Okay.

All right. So. So down below. Yeah. So the path here should be.

Dash order. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then on our.

Other one. And it's dash V. This is order dash V. Okay. And then I have to do publishing here too.

Yes. Or did I already do that? I'm getting. Oh. Yeah.

There you go. And this should be just order. That's it. That's it. Does the.

The title of the page having. Just telling me what's going to show up in the sidebar there for,
for your own reference. Okay. Gotcha. Okay.

So both of those should be updated. Now let's go look at the gold club. Okay. And this. So there should be HS began dash us one for upsell number one.

And I would put dash gold club dash C. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. And we don't have a.

Okay. So publishing. This one should be. Yes. Without the dash C.

Oh. Aha. Okay. Can I. It takes a while for it to update here.

If I switch off of this page before it finishes. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.

If I leave,
do I mess something up? I don't know. Seems scary to me. Okay. So this one should be.

U.S. Upsell two. Yep. And it's. Yep.

Yes. Yep. You've got it. Master. Now.

Getting better and better. It's. There is. So it is possible to teach an old dog. New tricks.

Ha ha. Woof. Woof. Let me get the publishing one done. And yes.

Yep. I'm feeling like I'm going for it now. Okay. What do we got here? Yep.

That's screwed up too. Okay. Okay. And this one should probably say. I don't.

I usually make them just confirmation. It'll still be dash C. Okay. Like that? Yep.

Aha. And publishing. Oh, I should have saved that. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Awesome. Oh, and we've got one more.

The three course. Okay. Three. This one. So this I would do dash order dash three pay dash.

Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay. And that is the funnel. We're not using this on this funnel.

Okay. So, or at least not here or not yet. Oh, did I do publishing? I think I did. Yeah.

You did. No, I did it. Okay. Okay. Good.

Thank you so much. Okay. That was the big one. That's the big one. Now you just got to check those.

If any of the order pages have any on submit go-tos or any hard coded links in any of the
pages, you're going to fix that. So the opt-in form and infusion probably needs to be updated. Okay. Where would I update that? And infusion.

Oh, I'm sorry. You said infusion. I did. I was. Okay.

So, all right. Tell me what I need to tell Jay. So what do we have to update in infusion soft? So my assumption is that there should be a different order form for this page. I mean, a different opt-in form for this page than the other, than the other place where
this opt-in is being used.

One. For the, for the, for the free ebook, we need to have a separate opt-in. Yeah. Cause you need a different, cause this one's going into a different funnel. So after they submit the form, the thank you page needs to bring them into this funnel
and not the other funnel.

Oh, so it redirects properly. Okay. Now I understand. Okay. All right.

And what else do we need to do? I know we need to add the products. She was supposed to be working on that. Are there any other integrations? Anything?

Just, just the on-submit, just checking the, you know, if any of the on-submit go-tos are
set or any of the buttons are hard-coded to a specific URL that you. Okay. That's settings, correct? No, well the, sorry. Yeah.

The on-submit go-to for the order forms and the upsell pages. Yes. It's under settings general. Yeah. Right here.

Right. So that doesn't control, that'll never control the opt-in form. The opt-in form is controlled in infusion, but every other page is controlled in ClickFunnels. Okay. All right.

Then let me go check the other one. So for these, there's no way. Okay. By default, the button should just say, go to the next page, which. Yeah.

Okay. This is go to next. There. Well, scroll down. Scroll down.

Whoa. Whoops. Too fast. Just find a button. What?

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, the buy button. Okay. Here's the buy button. Yeah. Next page in funnel.

Okay. That's fine. As long as they're all set to go to the next page in the funnel, which you can see in the
bottom left of the button there. Oh, there it goes. Oh, look at that.

Okay. Good. Good. Good. Good.

Good. Okay. Now, was there an exit pop on this page? There is. Okay.

Now, this is a downsell to the Animal Communication Made Easy course. So, actually, we do need to fix this. This is not right. Oh, crap. Crap, crap, crap.

That's totally not it for now, too. Really? How to edit pop-up settings? Yep. I just set it.

Well, it's already set to don't show on exit. So, it's not going to trigger anyways. Oh, there you go. Ah, that's a relief. Okay.

Okay. Okay. So, that page should be good. And then go to the order form. Okay.

Um, okay. Okay. This one. So, just delete it. You don't really need anything there.

It should just go to the next. If you delete it, it'll just go to the next step in the funnel, which is what you want it to do. Okay. Well, hold on. These are the ones.

This is where you were testing one with the bump, one without the bump. So, yeah, it is. It's a bump and bump less. Okay. So, the next, if it just goes to the next page, it's going to go to the upsell.

But this one already has an upsell. Okay. The order bump is this upsell. So, that one is, that one does go to Yelp for help. It does go to Yelp.

This one, however, should go to the next page. Let's be sure of that. And, yeah, no order bump on this one. So, let me shovel check. And.

You can just delete it. Yeah. There. Great. Save.

All right. Now I'll go and grab the right URL for the Yelp for help. Which would be this? Yep. And go back to that first order form.

The first one? Uh-huh. Thank you. The order form. Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm on the wrong one. This order form. Yeah. Yes. Okay.

So, this one. Yep. It has an order bump. Right. So, that one's going to go straight to Yelp.

Yep. Looks like it already sort of is. So, let's just replace it. Just in case. Okay.

All right. And go club. We'll go to Yelp. Yelp. We'll go to the thank you page.

Okay. I want to double check something before we, before I forget. The exit pop. If they, so if they're on the sales page and they say no, exit pop should take them to the
three pay option or give them that option. So, I'm not sure that part's set up right.

All right. So, grab the URL first. Oops. Sorry. For this one.

Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Go back to the order form.

And I think both of these should have that exit pop on them. See if I did it correctly. Yeah. Here we go. Make one payment today and blah, blah, blah.

So, it goes to. Just change it. Just, just so you're. Change it here. Yeah.

Set action. Got it. Okay. Excellent. And let me go do the other one.

Yeah. 1, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3. Okay. Okay. and the only final thing is where do you where do you want that three pay to go to
thank you page so it's not going to any of the upsells
oh it should yeah um let me look at this
it should go to the gold club upsell and the yelp upsell
no it's this one has oh okay so this one has the club upsell on it
let me see where it goes next
this goes to the yelp okay that's how it should be okay all right
well actually i think that url is well i think we i think we changed the yelp to be us2 now
uh wait a minute yep yep settings yep there we go
got it okay
all right
ma'am
so that takes them to the yelp and then that takes them to the ink thank you
yep yep that should do it yes that should do it
okay good we'll start our testing awesome thank you you're welcome all right so i do have some more
questions and i'll send you back to amy and shirak hi shirak okay hey shirak how are you buddy
hey how are you terry i'm good man what's going on
nothing much man just haven't seen you for a while so yeah stop by get your wisdom how's things
yeah things are uh quite uh back uh at the tennis academy things are real uh getting busy almost at
pre-covid level nice uh yeah almost uh pre-covid level people really want to come for the training
play tournaments uh really good demand on the on the coaches academy we are uh we are like almost
two and a half months into the first batch and everybody's uh having a great uh review uh of the
content and the way our coaches are teaching them very personal zoom kind of interaction like what
you guys have here p5 plus so uh now we are relaunching that now we know uh well so like we
had a lot of appointments now we are going to start with the very low ticket uh instead of high ticket
immediately and then have four week course and then sell the high ticket at the end of the four week
so uh what i understand is once the relationship between student and coach gets built up then they
are all fine then uh on the first scope they are little apprehensive they don't know us they are not
comfortable putting up a lot of money up front even though we have a lot of appointments so uh all these
seven students that we have in first batch uh the one guy went for the highest package to start with
now after the interaction with the coaches now two more are upgrading so it's a it's a trust issue
it's a trust issue so yeah i had a some uh uh i asked some opinion from john yesterday and he said
that uh even if you're gonna go for the low ticket don't change your process because it's working so
you sell the low ticket even on the phone because your ultimate goal is to sell the high ticket at the
end of the short course so yeah so so that that will start from next month uh uh so this month will be
the marketing and the next month we'll start the mini courses and the mini courses is nothing but a
subset of the big course just one topic that will teach them and then ask them to upgrade got perfect
yeah so uh just wanted to pick your brain on the last interesting conversation we had about that
high ticket funnel and uh becoming uh uh becoming uh automation uh and back-end support for online
businesses the the it it it part of it so i remember you said that uh if i can focus in one nation make
myself as an expert or position our company as an expert that would make a lot of sense like zoho expert
or a high ticket funnel expert or something like that right so instead of having a generate message
yeah yeah and and you know now that now that the other businesses now that the other i mean that's
tennis side but this coaching side like it seems like that would be that would be because the next
thing that they're going to want after they learn how to be a good coach is is clients right so that's
probably where you could focus since you already have that established client base to now trust you now
you can do a done-for-you solution for them after they've completed the training to get them leads
yes yes but uh i i i would doubt their paying capacity uh for done for uh them kind of thing uh once
they go through our courses as a coach uh but some of them would take it yes for sure uh i agree
because then they will need help in the marketing and uh setting up the high uh and one thing uh struck
my mind uh very uh clearly what you told that instead of doing new project you productize your
services that was a very uh like 80 percent of the thing should be same there should be 20 percent
changes based on the customer and that's only built to scale so yeah i mean uh that's that's that
was perfect so uh in positioning or how to basically create a strategy i mean i really don't have a
specific question but on the same topic uh how how would you advise to position that project uh with
the marketing and with the message and everything because this is the in the back side it's going to
be a lot of tech so yeah uh well have you figured out i mean you got to start by figuring out kind
of which niche it's gonna it's so so it's interesting there there's a uh there's a good
book that just got released that a lot of people are raving about and it's definitely worth picking
up a copy this goes for everybody on the call uh it's called 100 million dollar offers by alex
hormosi okay uh it's it's dirt cheap you can get like it's like a dollar for the kindle and the and
the audible version like he's basically giving them away um but he taught me it's all about creating
superior offers right and and uh you know very similar to the way we teach it he's just approaching
it from a slightly different angle but you know he talks about uh when he was running kind of an ad
agency uh right and then and that whole niching process right so there's a difference between
the amount of value that you can provide is significantly different when you're just saying
you know hey i'll run i'll run your ads and build your funnels versus i run ads and build funnels for
marketers versus i run ads and build funnels for you know internet e-commerce marketers versus i run
ads and build funnels for you know a very specific product client like like take amy's right like rubber
rubber sponges or you know whatever like like i'm the guy that does the rubber sponge marketing right
uh or you know the animal talking to animals like i i for people that are animal work with animals or
selling animals like i'm the guy right and so as you get to those more granular niches obviously they
become smaller but it also allows you to charge a lot more because you are now a specialist in that
in that area so that's what you know and again you got to make sure that you're he talks it's why
it's a good reader he talks a lot about making sure that it's a big enough market uh like not gonna you
know you're not gonna exhaust it too quickly that kind of thing but also how that how that positioning
as the only person in that specific like you are the guy to go to for that thing
uh makes so definitely a good read worth getting uh and short short quick read um
well yeah so that's that's where you got to start like what what is it can it's and we talked about
this right you can't just go i'm gonna be another quick funnels guy or guy that builds funnels right
like we already talked about a there's a positioning in the zoom space of doing zoom setups like that's
so now you're now you're niched to the technology and then the next niche is like who who's using
who are the groups of people that are using that technology that can most likely afford what we
want to charge for this uh and that there's nobody serving that space well yeah so yeah uh if i have to
map myself then yes we'll create your we'll provide a tech support for your high-tech funnels so they
already have to have their own product which is sold on high ticket but the process is broken so
there is a product which is already working somewhat and we can come in as a as a high ticket
technology partner where we'll see but then you but then you get but so then you're then you're moving
away from what we just talked about right then you're not if you say i just do tech support for
your high ticket funnels then you have no productization because now well this guy's using
click funnels and infusion soft and this guy is using convert kit and drip and then this guy is
using salesmate and wordpress right you'd have no standardization you'd have no like every job would
be completely custom then whereas if you say i'm only working with people who use zoho now at least you
have the technology that doesn't change right and you can be you can be the map right that's where you
got to be careful that's where you get into a mess right oh oh yeah yeah no no very good point so yeah
i'm gonna bring my technology engine for your front end thing so we got everything set up we'll just plug
it for your product and it will it will have we'll configure the crm a little bit of what's required for
your uh this thing and uh different parts of uh they might have their own sales people or maybe i can
hook them up with some agency who can take the calls and those kind of things but basically i'm
controlling the tech one i agree i don't want to deal with a hundred technologies and then figuring
out figuring out for new stuff uh yeah so uh yes uh will will become your technology backend for high
ticket but we are bringing the technology we are we are just plugging in our engine to your front end
something like that right but what you got to sell is the engine right you don't want to sell you
don't want to position yourself as you don't ever want to position yourself as tech support in any
way shape or form you don't want to position yourself as even their tech team because of the
minute people think about that especially marketers right and especially the fact that you're already in
india right now you're just pitching you're you're pigeonholing yourself into the the uh the upwork
mentality right okay i can hire you for 15 20 bucks an hour all day long on upwork like that's
that's how i'm thinking right so so you gotta you gotta you gotta approach it completely different
you gotta be more like you know we've got this technology system and give it a name like you know
like i used to call mine like i used to do my agency my my presentation at events was all about
installing a sales vortex in in your in your business right and this sales vortex helps you
suck in customers and prospects and squeeze the money out of them and convert them into lifelong
customers right basically that sort of prison and so the system that they were buying was our sales
vortex system it happened to include infusion soft and all these other tech tools to make it work
but that's how we positioned it right um so you know the whole unique mechanism thing and everything
that you know like that's that's what i would be looking at like how do i how do i name this whole
conglomerate thing that includes tech support that includes the technology that includes my consulting
and coaching and strategy and all the system integration and all that kind of stuff but it's
one big lump sum package that nobody else offers now they can't compare you to upwork now they can't
compare you to other tech teams like now it's a different thing perfect perfect yeah perfect pitch
yes so i'm i'm providing you a high ticket tech engine or high ticket uh whatever here you you
unique mechanism name uh which basically uh gives you uh so you got to have product market fit and
high ticket product and after that everything we take over and we help you with more and more
optimization and we got our technology done so we are not looking to tweak what you think is the
correct version we got everything figured out so we don't you want everything error free or you want
to troubleshoot the errors and not work on the business so that's that's uh how uh yeah i mean
if i methodology we can fill in the blanks uh to to pitch that engine yeah but yeah and and so the
the only roadblock the only the only pothole that i see in that plan is is two things so so number one
you're you're either going to like you're either going to attract people that don't have a system in
place yet which means they probably can't afford what you want to charge uh or you're gonna find
people that can't afford what you want to charge but they've already got a system in place and may
not want to switch right so that's where the other part of what we talked about before is where you've
got to go find the people that are already using zoho potentially like if that's the platform you're
going to use you got to find the people that already have that and go after them and say hey we're
going to make your system better and we're going to do all this integration stuff and put our own
special sauce into it and um because otherwise you know it's hard to get people to switch all their
systems uh or like i said if you find brand new people that's why i said you know the people that
are already going through your coaching program like they are they may or may not they they it feels
like they most likely won't have a good marketing system in place and and they now have you know they
now have the tools to go out and be good coaches but they still don't have a good way to get clients
so the next logical step after you've taught them to be a good coach is this is how we put the system
in place for you to get leads and sales and you may just have to make that you know from a pricing
standpoint you may have to structure the offer where they you know they pay you more as they make more
lots of different ways to structure the deal but yeah yeah for sure for sure and uh to target the
uh itk i mean the online businesses in uh us and europe uh the same page i'm giving you the engine
proven engine error free uh thousands of hours of software is already tested so you don't have to
worry about the surprises coming up with some stuff not working and you're missing on thousands of
dollars and that kind of thing and uh in that i understand there are two uh two uh downside which you
said that people who are already making good money they must have figured out some kind of system and
some who are who don't have a system might not have that kind of capacity to go for the system but yes i
have to find a vague middle or even if somebody uh for the system is work they're making good money but not
completely happy with the system they have it's kind of broken or some kind of patches uh kind of things
and uh i'm keeping one thing for sure that i'm not going to pitch them the first part of the agency
like i'm not going to come in a lead generation i'm not going to come for your product market feed
that part you got to figure it out because i'm not able to i'm not going to do the copywriting and
everything that's not my strength that's not my friend so i'm going to come once you have something
that's working and then i'll help you to scale and i'll help and you cannot have scale without the
technology in all this business and i'm going to give you the error free proof all debug technology
which just plugs it in and we'll do all the plugging and whatever i mean we can we can uh page it but if
you have an existing system we have a special apis that that can talk to you or whatever require for
the sales speed but we are not diluting ourselves so that they compare us with the fork and we don't
want to become a commodity for sure i right i absolutely absolutely agree uh with you on that
part okay yeah so the best uh idea would be to come up and fill that uh fill that e5 worksheet for
this thing before doing anything else so uh it gets a lot of clarity what do you think yeah yeah i mean
you definitely want to do the research phase for sure and and and get real clear on the avatar and on
what else is being offered in the market and and you know all that kind of stuff for for sure
so how's everything else man good man i did i just i was telling the girls i just got back from
vacation in the dominican republic so i'm a very happy boy at the moment okay i really relaxed and
rejuvenated and tan and a couple days at the spa it was good it wasn't long enough but it was good
okay how long is the flight uh it wasn't bad it's like four hours from here okay okay friendly city
friendly friendly country oh dominican yeah super friendly yeah they were they wait on you hand and
foot absolutely completely pampered for the entire week didn't have to do anything perfect perfect
okay man uh i'll i'll let you answer the question all right buddy all right amy
i'm back okay let's see my next question is lucky orange can we get my lucky orange
connected sure did you read my comment i put in the chat i did not see i'll just tell you i read
i forgot when you brought up the new book recommendation oh yeah i'd taken a trip to
austin and so it was my it was my when i say read i mean listen i listened i listened to perry i forgot
his last name the one you recommended yeah there were some like really good i don't know like those aha
moments so i'm gonna i'm gonna listen again just to i always find that when i listen to it um
what was it hold on so that the others no it's 80 20 sales and marketing perry marshall
and he recommended it to me and i really liked it so good book for everyone as well
yeah it's really good um okay so do you want me to share my screen yeah okay so i have already oh lovely
i i closed it right when uh you're in all good
okay okay so right now um my sites okay i'm i'm barely i'm not really using it but i really
definitely since i'm paying for it i want to use it for the funnel so uh all right so
so so that's on your main shopify site currently is that what you're using yeah and i'm gonna yeah
got it um so yeah so you can you can add a new site for just the funnel
so this would be specific to the funnel right yes okay cool
and copy that code
go click funnels
go to settings
and paste that in the head tracking code
box head oh i see it
this is where you'll put your google analytics code as well as your
facebook advertising pixel like all your global pixels
type stuff right in the same box just like hit pretty much yeah most of them go in the head
tracking area okay yeah i'll have to put my facebook pixel in there too then i didn't think of that
okay uh all right scroll down to the bottom
save and update
okay uh and then the only so what i would do is go to the order page for a minute
and grab that url
and then go to lucky orange
i guess we can click done to there and all right now click on the ogs cf thing
and then yeah and go oh no no tour click on the little gear icon
and go to behavior tagging
and add a new rule
and put in that url
i mean frankly we can make it simple just delete everything except for dash order
that's what it'll work on wait yeah so you just want just just dash this away
get rid of everything except for that just dash orders oh literally the oh i see what you're
saying that okay yep and create a tag called uh you know viewed order
viewed order form is that what you said yep
uh yep okay great add the rule add the rule
and then you can add another one for either dash us one that's for your upsell page so val this is
part of the reason like why why we use these kind of naming conventions right because now it makes up
simple like this and now so this is basically saying now when you have lucky orange shut up
doesn't matter which funnel it's on it'll know
to tag it with an order page because they all order pages have dash order in them all upsell pages
have upsell one uh so add rule and then you can do the same thing for dash confirmation for somebody who purchased
just just put yeah you can just put purchased basically
just put yeah you can just put purchased basically
let's see great uh
cool go back and edit that confirmation one did i misspell it no i want you there's a little option to add a star to it
it click oh i see what does that mean that's it'll just make it easier to find the ones where the
person went all the way through and purchased they'll all be starred oh awesome okay um all right so that's
pretty much it from setup kind of kind of stuff um the so i should have been taking notes i didn't um so how
did i get to i just went to this the gear icon and that's where i found that code i mean okay yeah
so for the others for the other site you'd probably do the same thing based on what the shopify page urls
are different steps what oh no i meant to um sorry i meant for going back to put in my facebook pixel
i just wanted to make sure i was putting it right um cool um and so from there like you know there's
not a whole i mean really all you're going to do in here is go in and kind of watch the recordings uh
so even if you switched back to your other site so if you click on my sites on the left
so click on yeah i know how to yeah yeah yeah so i mean that's right now you're just kind of watching
for behavior uh right i would just want to see the main one is i want to see that on that sales page
you know if i lose them at any point yeah where i lose them okay matt um can i ask my next question
okay um all right so paypal integration i really want to do paypal integration because that's what i trust as
a consumer um so i remember there was like cf pro tools and funnelish i i was hoping there might be
just a free thing there's not a free thing there's not a free thing okay so which one do you prefer
i prefer cf pro tools okay cool that was my only question i was like tell me the free thing and if
you can't tell me the free thing tell me the favorite
i mean there's a lot of good stuff inside of cf pro tools that you'll actually end up using
eventually okay cool then we'll yeah i'll go with that i'll start with the paypal integration um
try to do it on my own but i can't do it on my own i'll come yeah he's got a there's a lot of
good walkthrough videos that's walking through step by step so it should be awesome okay that's that's all
so hopefully um so if that's all right i'm going to sign off for today but uh hopefully we can work
out that shipping situation because it will really um really make my life easier and i will you know
i'll obviously try to troubleshoot on my end and see what i can do but yeah yeah yeah i'll post something
in the clickfunnels forum see if i can find anything from there and then we'll go from there all right my
friends um have a wonderful weekend um and continue to enjoy the high from dominican
all right guys have a great day you too bye bye
hey amy
all right well okay teddy the behavior tagging on lucky orange i'm in mine and i'm i'm not sure it's done
right okay um hang on let me show you what we've got uh where is it lucky orange here
okay so this is what i see and i uh i'm not sure that's correct is this not this isn't correct is it
uh well i mean this one's just more specific in terms of she used the the full urls which is as long
as we didn't change those that's fine but but you can make it more generic like uh well so again
so see see how she's tagging them specific you know the acme sales page the acme order form
right so it depends how specific or granular you want to get um is it better to be more granular or
more general with lucky orange i mean it depends what you're trying to use it for right like if you're
trying to diagnose a particular funnel and you want to just be able to see the pages in those
funnels then it's the way i just set it up for like amy's only got one funnel right so
very simple for her and and that way you know she doesn't have a whole lot to look at you're
going to have two three four different funnels you'll probably want to know which funnel is which
now you can still set up uh lucky orange to so it can apply multiple tags right so you can do kind
of what we just did which is a generic rule for dash order dash upsell one dash upsell two dash
confirmation etc um and that way you'll know that it was viewed order blah blah blah and then you could do
another rule for just the beginning part of the funnel right where it's you know h s or you know if it's
hidden secrets dash then that could tag it as the hidden secrets funnel and if it's the other one
you know begin begin gash that could tag it as the begin course funnel right so you could do it that way
as well uh i really like that that sounds like a brilliant idea to me um so can you help me set that
up then i i don't know do we need to change these we could leave these i guess you're leaving for now
and then you can delete them right later yeah so just go add new rule
uh add a new rule click yeah okay add new rule
um dash u.s one dash u.s one mhm
and that could be viewed up so
dash us 2
mm-hmm
yep
two
so those are the upsells um so we did order upsell dash confirmation let's see
okay so what would this be made it to the landing page thank you page just purchased purchased
and that one i would star
do what yeah so those i would star star all of these no just the confirmation one
and start the recording okay thank you okay um what else
uh let's see so we've got order um sales page wouldn't it be good yeah and and and i'm still really
confused how can we have such a high opt-in rate for our freebie book and only and less than half of
them make it to the sales page because that's that's been consistent and i don't understand how could
they drop off where do they go they should see the sales page the very next thing
and you verified that the the number of contacts that it says are opting in or what's showing up in
infusion soft uh i don't know um okay let me ask
okay um all right so now you can add two more rules that would be
so hidden secrets dash what would add a tag for hidden secrets okay so
oh sorry oops
okay no no no the dash is after after oh i'm sorry dash oh yeah of course i get it okay what would this
be opt-in no that would be hidden secrets oh this is just just so you know which funnel it was
got it and then
so we have i forget what it was on the other one but begin was it beginning yeah let me get
i'm going to look at click funnels right quick okay so we have sales page order uh begin details so we
have begin and details okay no so just just begin so let's begin dash yeah great and this is a sales page
no no that's what's what's the name what whatever the name of that funnel is
no no it's not the sales page just
again we're tag we're creating a tag for all the pages in that funnel so all the pages in that funnel
start with begin dash so
so you're going to tag it does that make sense yes okay and they do okay just checking yes begin dash so
this is that funnel okay yeah okay okay um we have upsell one upsell two um
what i can't remember do we need yelps or is that all of them that may be is that all of them that may be
all of them thank you page the yeah we have all the core funnel pages okay the beginning course three
pay version i guess that's begin dash okay that may be it okay okay thank you interesting does that
mean that it wasn't tracking these or no it was tracking you it was tracking it wasn't tagging them
uh so now now in your reports those those pages will be the people that visited those pages will be
tagged so you can filter the recordings to just show the people that say you know don't have the
view order form tag they didn't make it past the sales page right or or show me the people that have
the upsell one to upsell one or upsell two or confirmation tag that means they bought so you can
watch the process people that bought and that kind of stuff okay okay gotcha okay that's all i can
think of at the moment did shirat go yeah he's gone okay all right um the only other thing i could think
to ask you today would be to take a look at our statistics and see if we can see any other ways to
improve what we've got going um uh do you want to do that okay start this again
all right so we we i thought with the new 50 beginning course funnel we're using that for flash sale
from our email campaign and we haven't driven hardly any traffic to it in fact i don't know
that anyone's gone there yet okay uh so no need to look at that um also when we star them like this
is that is that just make it easier for us to see them on our list what does it do when we start them
on your on your main dashboard page when you first log in you'll it'll be listed under your favorite
funnels oh interesting okay i did not know it saves you a click it just saves you a click when you first
log in oh that's sweet okay so hidden secret simple funnel this is the one that's active and when we're
starting to build in some more of them uh as you can see some work are starting to be populated we
we um jade and i are like we've got like 50 of these to do we need help so we corralled one of my
assistants and uh giving her some training so she's starting to help us set them up um so let's take a
look at what we've got just just as a word of advice yeah like you are you are better off getting
one funnel super dialed in than get 50 funnels sort of dialed in well the this is our main funnel this is
the number one and this is the one we want to super dial in however we're doing some testing trying
some different um uh different upsell deals so that's what we're working on um and then the the
next bit of that is the email campaign flash sale so that would be another really really important
funnel to have working now one reason we went to click funnels is to get off of lead pages and ghost
spiffy right right for which i continue to pay money every month so what we're doing now is
taking they're basically in ghost 50 their order forms so that are connected to lead page sales pages
so what we're working on first is to get the hell off of ghost biffy so we're taking those order forms
and duplicating them into click funnels so that we can um cancel ghost biffy
and get off um so that's the first step the second step of that big project is to take all of our
lead pages sales pages and add them into click funnels and now we have a click funnel um
right for our sales pages so um does that make sense yeah yeah yeah i'm just saying like in general
like it's it's best to yeah the the more the more stuff you have out there the harder it is to
optimize any of it yeah yeah i get that yeah i'm just right now i just want to stop having to pay
for ghost 50 and i mean what i'm saying is like you know like like if there's an order form on ghost 50
that's getting one order a month yeah then like don't feel like you gotta like like again it's one
order right every order counts but like no i'm just all i want now is to copy it and move it over
yeah yeah so i'm saying but what i'm saying is once you've got the main ones that are bringing in
you know again 80 20 right or 95 5 right like whatever the 80 that are bringing in the money
those are recreated great we can get to the rest we'll figure them out as we go along
everything's going to change on them anyways including the sales page leading to them so
when you rebuild the sales page it may be easier to rebuild but that's all correct yes correct but
that's that's the bigger project so for now this is what we've got so this is our main lead magnet
that drives traffic okay and i don't know why this starts it's on a couple of days ago but
usually it changes to whenever the last update to a major page was typically
oh okay all right so let's let's take the last week and see what we've got okay
all right so there's where we go the beginning course 50 offer
is uh it's not an active part of this funnel so i don't know why that's showing particularly
anyway so uh but as you can see we've got huh 424 opt-ins um the opt-in fell um a bit
um however if i think that if we switch this back or go farther it's way high so i'm not worried about
that um but of those 424 or uniques 648 only 242 made it to the second page am i reading that correctly
yeah you're reading you're reading that correctly the the question like i said that i would have is
whether there were actually 424 opt-ins or not uh so you would have to look inside of infusion to see
if that's actually the case okay open up open up infusion oh uh okay
got your campaigns
here yeah via campaigns
do you know which one that is this would be hidden secrets ebook
yeah hidden where is it right here okay so now click on the name of it
and just go to reporting top
change the date range to match
okay scroll over to the left scroll to the left yeah what do you just try to grab grab that and drag
the funnel oh okay there you go uh 113 opt-ins
and what a click phone say it seems right
424 yeah that's right where the hell are they going
that's the big question isn't it it seems to me that our sales and stats would go up if we were
actually getting people to the page i don't i don't know if they're not going are they not going to the
page do we not have a path set up properly or i don't know i don't understand we only have one
opt-in page now so there's you know i i don't get it go go and go back into infusionsoft
go to edit mode
find that form double click that top form this one yeah yeah click funnels there you go
go to thank you page
so hidden secrets details
what do you what should i look at here steps steps the second step yeah
hidden secrets details yeah that's right should i replace is that correct no that's correct
hidden secret details go hidden secrets just copy it and put it in a browser tab for a minute
do what copy this copy it and put it in a browser tab for a minute
yep yep that's the sales page
okay and that is the variation so that's good yep all right well it's a mystery
okay you think of anything else go to settings
okay that's right
yeah uh yeah it's very very strange go back to click funnels
and go back to the stats
this reset itself that's fine yeah it doesn't really matter i mean it's the percentage
yeah i don't understand our opt-in we had a like a hundred percent opt-in
you're not gonna maintain a hundred percent opt-in
all right well you know hey um it was 90 when i checked it the other day and now it's dropped to
less than 50 i'm like what happened you guys were happy with this and now not so much i don't know
what happens what changes but anyway yeah so it's like what's the heck i don't understand
i don't have a good explanation for it unfortunately
the let's let's try one thing uh let's see if i actually go back to infusion for a minute
go back to the thank you page part oh i'm so sorry
okay thank you page yes unclick that check the last check box no no the bottom one no
uh okay and then cancel out i don't have to save it or anything right you got to publish the
campaign oh yeah yeah okay publish
what did that just do so that that check box will pass information back to click funnels their name
you know whatever was collected on the form right so basically their first name and their email
address uh it's not really necessary for anything for click funnels and uh i know there's been some
stuff going on recently with like email addresses being passed in urls that are that either click
funnels filters them out or fusion's starting to filter them out because google doesn't like to see
them like that's unique personal uh personally identifiable information in a url which they don't
get rid of so let's just see if that it's not going to hurt anything click funnels let's keep an eye
on it see if that makes anything different okay i mean we haven't checked on all of our forms and we
haven't had this problem so i don't think that's it but it's the only thing i think of let's see if
that makes a difference because that would be excellent i mean it is kind of interesting i i'm thinking
if we can get them to click so let's say 109 people landed on one of the sales pages of those
five clicked over to the order form and of those uh let's see well three so
that's i'm thinking that's not terrible um i mean it's a it's a three percent conversion rate basically
on on cold traffic it's not really the number that matters the number that matters is your average cart
value which is 36 bucks so the question is you know how much does it cost how much is it costing you
to generate those sales and ad spend right if it's costing you more than 36 bucks to get
each of those three sales right so you would have so whatever what do we get here we had 500 let's
call it 427 clicks to the page depending on what you spent for those 427 clicks yeah it's about 64 cents
per um per click so yeah we're still making a return we're uh yeah i think we're fine
well no you got to do them so if you're paying 64 cents per click and you got let's say 427 clicks
during this date range right so 427 times 64 cents that means you spent 273 dollars at 0.28 and you
got three sales so you divide that 273 divided by three that means you spent 91 dollars per sale and
you generated 36 so you're going negative 60 dollars at the moment okay gotcha so well and and the bigger
tracking that we do um yeah i mean clearly there's huge room for improvement um in the bigger tracking
that we do the nurture campaign and the flash sale that comes in later is what puts us in the black
um and so this isn't working nearly as well as we had hoped but again if you know a third of them
um are making it to the sales page right right right well um then we've got you know yeah anyway there
you go okay so that's disappointing oh disappointing okay we'll keep working on it that's good looks
like peter has arrived yeah hey peter how are you oh i'll stop sharing hey good what's going on bro
let's see got a couple things um some of the leads are not getting
uh all the stuff that we set up for okay so and it seems to be kind of random so like this one didn't
get the cookies i did get the click id well i mean there's one of them like if they have any sort of ad
blockers or cookie blockers or anything like that they're not going to have the cookies so we are
still subject to some of that oh yeah absolutely oh is that i thought we're kind of all like in-house
with this like we we own all the data if they're on my site is that not exactly right we are if i allow
you to put cookies in my browser but i can still block cookies you know i can i can have a cookie block
so they block the facebook cookie potentially correct yeah so um would that be validated that
it's not a problem on my side if we um if i looked if there were any android ones that didn't have this
i guess is ad blocker only for the ios thing or is that anybody can potentially not necessarily
yeah i could block it on my bro you know i think apple is going to start doing it on safari by default as
well uh and i think google eventually is going to get there but i mean they're all supposed to allow
first-party cookies but that doesn't mean that i can't install something to to block why isn't the
why isn't the click id enough because only one person had that clicked on that click id regardless of
their cookies right and facebook would know that or not yeah no it's funny you know i forgot where the
hell i saw it too because there was a whole facebook thread about that exact sin because i
remember we talked about it last time right after we talked about it i saw a thread about it in fact
actually i think i know what it is uh and there was a bunch of reasons that people were giving us to
why okay i just know it's not just you okay so like this one only had the fbp cookie and it didn't
have the click id and the click id at the very least seems like everybody should be getting that
if they clicked on an ad yeah well they did i mean i can see it right here which ad they clicked on
and that's where um i haven't noticed any like particular trend if it's like one ad
so this guy is everything or girl that one is everything i just you know i'm i'm i'm happy to
deal with the reality but i want to make sure that there's no problem on my side that's causing me to
lose out right right so waldo yeah there's waldo again that seems to be missing it while there's one
of my ads hmm how can i import export all this crap i can't see like maybe if i
i haven't done this analysis yet of i'm not sure if drop funnels exports everything
okay if i can custom fields okay there i could potentially
sort that okay i'll do a bit of legwork there and make sure that it's not like one ad or one
thing that's causing it yeah that would definitely be something to check
um
okay
Alright, so I need to parse that somehow.

Yeah, it's not exactly correlating with that. There was one little thing that I had in my ads. I think I asked you about this. In the link that I put in the ad copy text, I do not have a backslash. But in the URL for the call to action button, I do.

I think you said that shouldn't matter. But that's the only kind of difference. And somebody could be seeing the same ad, but they could come through the CTA button or through the link in the ad copy. That's the only kind of variation I could see. So, so yeah, so if you, the backslash could be causing another redirect, it could strip out the parameters.

Hmm. Now what about. Okay, when they, so that the parameters are there in the landing page and when they opt in, do this stay there in the, in the URL or would it just go to the URL? It'll just go to the URL and does not stay there. Now, drop funnels captured it and stored it and it's in drop funnels on cookie and then later uses it as a different story, but.

Okay. And, um, so I'm, I'm working on starting a split test for the sales page. So that's internal to drop funnels. Um, when they click the opt in button, you know, it's then going to send them one way or the other. Um, there's nothing necessarily that's going to affect about this stuff.

Right. Cause it's all pre pre opt in. Right. So yeah. Well, so the, the reason we're capturing the information in the contact record is so you'll have it in the contact record.

And then once that contact record gets tagged as a buyer, you'll be able to kind of do an export like this and kind of look and see, all right, well, where did these buyers come from? So assuming that you're tagging all the contacts in ConvertKit as buyers, when they buy, uh, then you'll then be able to kind of go back and cross-reference back to this info. Okay. So I will try to. I won't have to change the ads then.

Okay. And then the other issue was, um,
I'm just going to jump in right here. Just going to say bye. Thanks, Tony. Okay.

Bye Val. Have a good weekend. You too. Have great fun. Bye.

Um, I'm getting very different, um, heat map results with crazy egg versus lucky orange. Okay. And, um, so I wondered, you know, what is your
take? I know you guys recommend lucky orange. Is that, is that for data accuracy reasons or what's the main, um,
that's for price reasons with them crazy, crazy to be ridiculous, expensive.

I'm not sure if it still is,
but, um, I went to them because they have, not only cause you said so, but cause they have, um,
a longer, um, page length for the heat maps, but I just wanted to say one and all on, like in all honesty, dude, like I don't ever look at the heat maps. Okay. I look at the recordings. I've never found heat maps to be all that helpful or that accurate in general ever since they've been created. Okay.

And so what I'm looking for, I mean, one kind of metric Michael was asking about was how many people finished the lead. Um, so how would I go about that? Um, you know, with the recordings or is that, is that how you'd think about it? Uh, how many people read through the lead is a VSL or it's a sales page sales page. Yeah.

Uh, yeah, that might, so heat map might be the only thing that tells you that, but that doesn't, you know,
it means they scrolled past the lead. It doesn't mean they read the lead. Right. Yeah. And that's where I think that's all the heat maps telling you.

Yeah. So, I mean, it thinks that they, they, they interpret and, and, um, cause ultimately they're converting a recording into some sort of aggregate. And, um, so like this one, it'll go from lower to higher, lower to higher, lower to higher. And I assume that's some sort of, um, hover time or something that they would count it as they read this part. Uh, yeah.

Or they, they might've stuck on that section longer. Correct. Okay. So then lucky orange only goes down, you know, it's a hundred at the top and it never, it just goes down. So potentially that's, they could be scrolling at light speed and it would still count as them seeing that.

Potentially. Yes. Okay. Well, we are going to shift over to a VSL for that reason, because the video watch rates, the, or the watch drop off. That's, is that considered a much more reliable indication of what, what content they saw?

For the most part. Yeah. I mean, you still have some issues with the,
usually get a lot of people that drop off in the very beginning of the video. And you don't know if those are people who just didn't load properly or, or so you got to kind of,
you got to round out the stats a little bit sometimes, but
I think you got to click the heat map thing. Yeah.

I got it. I think scrolls. That's what I need. Show heat map. Show heat map.

Yeah. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it.

I got it. I think scrolls. That's what I need. I got it. It's still loading it.

Okay. So a hundred, they say,
you know, down to 80. to 80 by the lead and michael was happy with that and then it just kind of fairly linearly
dropped off but the crazy egg um on the same page
you know by the end of the lead it was down to you know part of the lead is like at 28
percent and then at the end of it uh 57 are left so and how many that's what i was trying to make
sense of how many are left at the end of the lead in lucky orange 57 uh lucky orange is 80 80 at the
end of the lead yeah yeah interesting so here you know it says 80 reached this point
and then this one it doesn't say about reached it talks about impressions so
57
but i don't know what this because so it's saying 90 you know 90
is 58 click on the little i
all right there if a visitor stops stop scrolling all right
so impression but now my impression is is more than my visits is my visits down here at only 87 visits
so does that mean somebody went down and back up sort of thing could be here could be they're going
back and forth all right okay well i mean again i would probably look more at for something like
this i would look at a time on page metric right and like timeline page metric what's that just to just
like regular straight up google analytics how much time is what's the average time spent on the page
right and so okay the average person spending you know two minutes on the page and it takes six
minutes to read the lead at a normal reading speed then i see you know what i'm saying um i just did this
just want to call this it doesn't have to i mean you you can look and look look the orange will
when you look at all the recordings it'll show you how long the recordings were and stuff too
so i exported the time time on page
from the recordings
and
so this is um what is this this is time on page here
and this is like 100 down so this is like you know 23 stayed 10 minutes
gotcha so that's i guess kind of like a drop-off rate
and i don't know i mean this was i think at one minute so
one minute at 150 words is no that's not i think my leads like 500
so it'd be maybe like 50 so maybe the lucky orange is better or the crazy egg
um the other thing that i noticed with lucky orange that was a bit concerning was that
when you look at some of the recordings and you're looking at the
the finger or the taps
it um how do i so it's like this so i'm looking at the recording they go through the whole page
they get to the bottom and then it looks like they keep scrolling down for like 10 more minutes
so i'm wondering if the sync if the recording of the of the page view and the recording of the of the
taps is like not in sync because this person and then they also it will appear that they click on add to
cart when add to cart is not even visible within the frame
does that make sense yeah is that happening more on mobile devices than desktops or um i looked mainly
at mobile so yeah i don't know i want this
last 30 days
okay that's opt-in page if you go to the sales page
and then i'll click over here at the bottom
so you see their thumb flicking it down flicking it down and then they keep flicking it down once
they're already at the bottom of the page for like five minutes so i was wondering is it some
like weird robot just scrolling through but it's from facebook and it's multiple of them
uh so i think it's what makes them well but they're not the bottom page yet
yeah um it's fast forwarding there
this is a 30 minute um time on page so
i hope this is one of the ones that proves my point
but it probably won't be
well if this one doesn't show it you get the point that this blue thing is like scrolling
but it's at the bottom and it was at the bottom for five or ten minutes
so that that one looks synced up so they're moving up and down
and i even tried it because i wondered maybe if my place
playback speed there was some like lag or something um
and that i even at one speed it seemed to
yeah i i mean just just be careful dude like you're gonna drive yourself crazy if you're looking
for perfection in any sort of tracking it just doesn't exist so i i don't care how much
yeah how much the tool costs every tool is gonna say something different they're gonna
yeah it's yeah it sucks i hear you but yeah i mean 50 50 i mean i'm just looking for for
information for the next iteration of the sales page and 80 versus 50 percent is a big
difference um right so i i think video sounds like it's the way we need to go so is that the right
option is is that the is is what you're optimizing for trying to find data for the actual
constraint of the funnel right now like what is the what is the core constraint of the funnel
um right well we made some changes to the opt-in page we're getting like 40 percent opt-in now
okay and john has said that the ads are you know we're regularly getting close to two percent um
outbound click-through rates so at this point um he recommended sales page as the as the focus
it's next step okay and that's where and then testing the vsl versus the sales letter
he well i was kind of like if we're gonna do a vsl i'd like to you know also improve it if i if i can
from any data i have yet and that's when we started looking into all this stuff and um
so here we go i think this is the one there you go so he's scrolling up
keep scrolling up keep scrolling and then like it'll go to add the cart you know for some of them not this
one but from this view it'll go to cart so it's clearly and this is at 1x so this something's
screwy here would you agree yeah but it could it like what it could be is just a resolution thing too
meaning you know the user's phone resolution is smaller so the page was narrower and he still had room
to scroll yet what it captured that's that and that's probably what i would think it could be
that's what i'm saying like desktop should be more accurate um
okay um so i got the easy vsl do you have any you know quick user tips on that or do you use that much
um any workflow tips for how to how to get our our stuff converted yeah no i mean it's it's it's
it's pretty well done man so for the most part you can just kind of copy and paste the sales letter
in there uh just add the line breaks where you want the slides to break and then just you know
record the audio and upload the audio file to it you know it'll sync everything up is there any benefit
in recording the audio directly within the program um versus importing it no particular benefit no i find
it's probably easier to record it outside of there so you can you can record it like reading a google
doc so you can kind of read it with with good flow and then you break it up with the slides
and if you want i mean i mean there's a lot of you know if you don't feel like doing the voiceover
there's a lot of there's a lot of good ai voiceover things now that'll do a decent job of reading the
script uh you know not 100 but to get up quick i think we want her voice um and she's up for that so
um and then if we did um some i think john or michael was saying uh it's kind of a new trend to do
lead with actual video and then switch to the the slides once you get into the content yeah yeah
yeah that way i mean there's this particular market probably doesn't isn't going to recognize
oh it's just for facetime yeah i just wonder if there's something no i was just saying that this
market isn't you know we're not marketing to marketers right so they don't see a vsl this
market doesn't see a vsl and automatically know what's coming right versus the marketing world so
yeah i just wondered if the relational aspect if they would feel more connected to her
if that if there was some face time yeah whenever you can have a talking head you know begin to
bookend it absolutely hmm okay because john was telling me about teleprompter plus three or something
is there yeah i mean he does all the video so content stuff is definitely more john he did that's
is there a way to put a um a little whatever frame you know in the bottom right in uh easy vsl
like a loom video kind of thing uh i'm not sure just like the talking head down in the bottom and
the slides being the main background no no okay
uh but again typically the talking head is not throughout the whole thing right so typically it's
oh it's an intro okay she kind of introduces the vsl then it goes into the vsl for the majority of
the presentation and maybe she comes back on at the end to close it out do you do does the person
talk about it like i'm going to share with you a training here's what it's going to be and so it's
like a kind of a separate thing okay thanks for listening to me now here's the training and then
you cut over or do you kind of make it like a continuous presentation like like it's one thing
yeah so i there's a couple different ways to do it again i would kind of defer to john on this but the
like a part of it might just be the intro is just the acknowledgement of what they just did right so
if they just opted in for something hey thanks rob thanks for registering blah blah your you know
your ebook's going to be on the way blah blah but you know i just wanted to share this special
message with just it'll just take a few minutes uh you know just kind of sit back watch relax and
learn uh you know and and give them some benefit of some reason why they want to watch it right like
so then that's all before the lead that and then yeah and then that starts the lead potentially and how
do what is what does the transition look like from the talking head to the to the slide presentation
yeah i would ask john's got a bunch of examples so he's already done so i would just ask him for
his examples i don't know which ones they are top of my head i personally i would keep it simple
and start with just to be a self like and then i'd be talking in later if you need to right okay yeah if
we do all the lead in that then it's complete without that intro part yeah because even because
like even if you create so by creating the full vsl in easy vsl start to finish with without her
right and that makes it then if you add the talking head part you're just kind of overlaying that over
that part of the vsl anyways and then it just seamlessly transitions and cuts in anyways so
so it's a quick easy add to the intro even if the intro is just her reading the lead it could be
the same thing right you could yeah just cut it out yeah um is there any special settings in vimeo for
making sure that it captures the analytics or is that all built in so we use wistia for everything
on the front end like that where we want to see the analytics i like just i just like wistia's
analytics better than vimeo's okay um so it's a little bit more expensive but it's better data in
my opinion i mean you use i mean vimeo stats have gotten better i just still find wistia to be a little
bit better and what are you looking at besides i mean is it just drop out drop off rate or what
most of that drop off curve yeah any places where there are are big you know again especially past the
first 30 seconds or so like you know right now is there is there another place in the pitch where
they're totally dropping off uh and then that's that's either you know what do we need to add here
to get keep them engaged uh open a loop or something or promise them something else at the end or do we
just change this whole thing like and what sort of uh what sort of curve are you looking for as a rule of
thumb it's different for every video so you just got to kind of look at yeah and you're just gonna
have to you know you'll have until you have until you run a split test you're not going to have much
to compare against right because you're comparing yourself but you can't compare against our videos
because different market it's different audience you know it's a whole um so yeah so you're probably
going to want to split test a couple different things what the easy split test just to be honest
with you would be shoot the video have her talk at normal speed uh and then do a slightly sped up
version uh and kind of split toast split test those just to see if slow versus fast that's the split
that's an easy that's an easy initial split right yeah especially especially if it's long right if it's
30 if it's a 30 minute vsl and it's long and people are coming from facebook on mobile
like faster you get them to something attention deficit disorder man yeah i mean it's like it's
gonna be really it's gonna be really gripping to hold them in for 30 minutes yes is there anything like um
you know somebody like catches it in the middle you know like a five minute break at work
and they they do they kind of you know don't have the time right now but they want to get back to it
is there any sort of value in you know thank you for for signing up by the way if you if you can't watch
it all now uh don't worry because we send it to your email or would that cause them to not listen
yeah i wouldn't i wouldn't tell them that up front um certainly you're going to send it to them in the
email yeah uh and then potentially uh potentially in the email series there's also you know just a really
condensed version of it as well and kind of gets to the offer quicker yeah like you know like ultimately
it's about getting them you know you got to present the offer right so uh the so the deeper integration
also is later on tracking of you know being able to tag in convertkit the people that watched 50 of
the video or or got to the point in the video was made versus those that didn't and that's a different
messaging right so i forgot about that stuff and that's in wistia you can put tags on so it's it's usually
required let me see usually something like plus this i don't know plus this works with convertkit
or not i think it does uh and then you would send them back to that same page but you'd put
different utms in the email so that you could know what's going on so that's a that's a business
decision you'll have to make typically i don't like to overwrite utm like i don't like to overwrite
a paid ad utm with a with an email utm right like because the ad i paid for the email i didn't so i
don't like i want to i want to store like what was the thing i paid for to get them here because
that's the thing i'm gonna okay yeah um i was thinking
right i was thinking that you know it keeps separate utms or something
no because it's a custom email it's going to keep overwriting it anytime anytime you send it
to to a different now again it's only going to happen if you said if you were to send them to a
different opt-in form right so you got to remember like the utm is only going to be captured at opt-in
or or if they submit an opt-in form that we have set up that's right that's right
so um i worked with cars now whether they're dropped i don't know if drop funnels captures
the utms for orders separately or not and gives you a report inside of drop funnels but
uh
i'm i used to work with kartra and i'm kind of realizing now the value of all their stuff
because they had all that video stuff and tagging integrated into one system
um anyway okay uh vsl can't do anything with i'll look at the backslash thing
uh can't do much about heat maps so switch to vsl
yeah it definitely sounds like your next big step and then um so you don't auto play it but you
i'm wondering how to is there a way to integrate that when the when the uh add to cart button shows
up if they like sat on the page for a minute before they press play it would it be off by a minute or is
there a way to actually so so there definitely there definitely is a way with this wistia to um to pop the auto
pop the button at a certain point in time it's a lot more javascript hacking we got to do but i
mean i've got the script for it we can work through it
yeah um but for a first pass it's it's no problem just tag it based on assuming that they will have
time on page yeah yeah assume that they watched the whole thing
okie doke that's all i can thank you for now all right man sounds good have a good weekend all right
bye
