---
title: "Tech 2022-10-14 16:00:39"
date: 2022-10-14
duration: 1h 17m
duration_seconds: 4644
vimeo_id: 760390861
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-10-14 16:00:39

**Date:** 2022-10-14 | **Duration:** 1h 17m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Turn the recording. all right, so So what is it? What are you trying to zap? So this is my survey, right? So and I'm probably I'm gonna run this like to like organic traffic.

So usually like whenever I have organic traffic, I'm gonna put in my my regular, you know. Domain name and that's gonna the guitar shortcut. And whenever they go there this is where it's gonna bring them and then it's either gonna bring them to the beginner funnel or the the intermediate funnel. Okay. Um, and so should I have like a UTM for the link I use on my organic traffic.

and if I do then it but will it look like super long on the Right because if I have a post let's say a YouTube video and then in the description I post the link. With all the utms is gonna be long as heck, you know it. Yes. So typically what you do is you use some sort of Link shortener. Um, so there's and but I wouldn't use bitly.

So there's there's two ways to do it number one is do you have a WordPress site at all? No, I have a Go Daddy website, but that's like for something totally unrelated. Yeah, okay. All right. So there's a couple ways to do it.

So the easiest and freeway without a WordPress website would be just go into clickfunnels. mmm And just go and we're gonna create a new page. So right here or yeah where yeah at new step. That's fine. I just cook it just put like organic redirect or something.

Mm-hmm, and now in the past it would be like whatever you want to use as the link in organic, right? So whatever the homepage. Sure, that's fun for now. Oh, wait, it didn't do it. Oh, no.

Oh, he's your I hate this because then IQ remove all the pages and it takes like 12 years for it to you and to remember. Okay. Well, how about if I Is a page I already have somewhere. That works. You need a page that you're not really using basically.

Yeah, I have a ton of those. somewhere here you go. Let's just use this one. Well that one you probably use don't you for countdown timers? And yeah.

Okay, let me see. and water confirmation go down to on the other funnel steps fine find one of the thank you maybe. Like that unnamed product. Thank you page. Probably delete that.

Oh, just pick any time just pick any template. And then and then you can delete it. Oh, well, it tells me that again security just two steps like this one. I'm never gonna use it. Because like I have that was just a I was trying to do something but I didn't do it.

Okay. Well we can use this one as an example then. Yeah, so click edit page. And basically just select all the sections in the delete them. All right.

And then go to settings good. Let's get rid of that background. So you go to General. I don't know. Sorry not General.

Go to background. All right, and then so now just go to go back to settings. Go to tracking code. This post this in the chat for you. Oh, sorry can't use up.

Oh. This this sounds great. I know. Have you been man? I'm good, man.

You've been playing that guitar. I haven't like I said, I told you I've been like try. Yeah. Yeah traveling over you did top one last week, right? Yeah.

How is that? That was great. It was great. School you make into you Tim for me or because I have well, I'm just I'm just kind of giving you the structure you can you can change it in a minute because that because I have it right here like He um, Michael gave me his UTM thing. Yeah, I can just make it right there.

Yeah, that's fine. So you just put where I have the URL you just plug in whatever URL you want. But so yeah, just grab that script from the chat. Mm-hmm. I'm gonna put it.

In here, yeah. And header and header good pretty stood in there. Oh no wait. And get it. shoot Oh.

and then so whatever URL you wanted to go to Just basically public plop it in there. So I go space and then pop put the URL in there just replace you whatever URL you want to go to replace the URL I have in there and oh just this one right here. Yeah. Okay. so let's then I can just make one right here.

So this is like So I need I need like a different because I have like one foot and one page right which is like where we're gonna get sent to at first then versus the where's the survey and then there's two different pages they can get to depending on what they answer. Do. I need a UTM for each one of the pages. No, just whichever page you want the link whatever page you the UTM only needs to be on the The first page that they that they hit so if from the YouTube video you're just gonna link to the page with the with the quiz then just whatever the page to the quiz is. Okay.

So I'm just going to go right here and add quiz. There you go. And then right here. homepage organic quiz targeting everyone I guess. Okay, you don't have to put this up like that stuff doesn't necessarily matter and creative since it's gonna be a multiple YouTube videos.

Potentially. It doesn't but go back to the source is not homepage. The source is is YouTube. Well, it could be YouTube or because I'm gonna post on YouTube tiktok Facebook. Well, then you have to create a different one.

So you'd have to create different represents for each of those. This is about this is the problem with Organic right the problem with Organic is it's more of a pain in the butt to track. But yeah, if you were going to put one on YouTube and one on tiktok, then you'd have to create a different link and a different redirect page for each of those. is does it is it is very value to doing that or I mean if you care how much traffic you're getting from. If you really care how much to track how much traffic you're getting from organic then.

Yes. The only way to track it the other option is to use like a see. Do you guys strike from like your organic traffic or we do but we use a tool that makes it a lot easier which one it is. you one second. I'll tell you.

Because I'm going to use like loomely. I don't know if you know it's like a same thing as HubSpot or whatever that you can just post because what I'm gonna do I'm not gonna do like I'll do some YouTube videos too, but I'm gonna do many shorts because I'm recording myself and I'm teaching and then just posting shorts of like different Pieces of Me. and like tiktok style, you know like where it's gonna be shorts like wheels and it's gonna be on all the platforms and but I feel like most people wouldn't click on on those right or rails and shorts. I'm doing you're talking the wrong person about tiktok. Yeah, I don't just like like all I'll watch over my wife's shoulder when she uses it but that's about it.

Yeah. And I can tell you she really clicks on anything. So she she clicks on anything. No, she really she rarely clicks on it like watch all the videos, but I almost never see her go and actually click something, but she's not up. She's not a business person either.

She's here. She's there for the cat videos. So many did it even really matter like me tracking or I mean look, dude, you always want to track if you can it's just a matter of how how deep down the rabbit hole you want to go and You know ultimately like, you know, are you gonna make certain decisions based on what the tracking tells you? Got expensive, okay. well, I mean I guess a decision would be like if like have find out that I get more traffic on YouTube.

I would spend more time, you know doing more YouTube videos rather than like spending more time doing Facebook reels or Different sources, right? Yeah. Yeah, basically, all right, so good this thing but if I just duplicate the content on everything no matter what it doesn't really matter does it? What do you mean? Because like it's gonna be the same content duplicated on all the platforms.

Right. So but the goal is what you said which is to figure out which platform, you know, which platform is worse more so, you know where to spend your time. But if I use like one of those like multi multi-publishing things anyway, it doesn't matter right because it doesn't take me any more time to spend on one platform to publish on one platform rather than multiple Correct. But I mean you still may want to know because it may still affect your like if you notice that you're getting a lot of if you notice that from tiktok for whatever reason you're good. A lot of organic conversions, then you may decide you want to spend money on ads on tiktok, right?

Yeah. So I would say you should go this is this thing's 40 bucks. I know money's tight, but it'll be well worth your 40 bucks. To get something like this, which is basically a complete. It's a it's basically a link generator and grab that 10% off.

Is it like a one time or yeah, it's a one-time lifetime deal. Okay, and it's what we use to do to track all of our organic links. But okay and it's very it's very well set up to build the utms and use the templates and all that kind of cool. I'm gonna Do this real quick? We got two in your cart there.

Hang on go back. Oh, no. This too. Oh, yeah. Why?

Yeah, I don't know why. Maybe maybe I sent it to you before. Oh, yeah. Now just no, thanks. Yeah.

There you go. Now you can it okay. Okay, cool. So copy that code click redeem now. all right, and that because a I mean you can check it out later, but code Okay, so we'll wait there's this right?

Okay the dashboard. All right. Now we're gonna let's set up one thing just so before I show you how to use it. So go click on the little three dots in the top right or no. Sorry good the gear in the bottom bottom left this one settings.

Yeah. So we're gonna add your domain so go down where it says add your own custom domain. Over that bottom right box there. All right what I would probably use so yeah, but I would use go go dot the guitar shortcut go dot. Yeah.

Add you know, it's funny now that I know about utms like whenever I get an ad like I'll go and just go to the page. And just only only I get all rid of all these get rid of their utms. And so and so you're able to like just get to the webinar page where we do to replay like before the webinar. Let's see. All right, so you gotta set it up first.

Alright, so where is where that domain? Is the DNS for that domain on cloudflare name cheap? Okay. count Yeah. Advanced DNS and then we're gonna so go to go add new record.

cname C name this one. Yeah. So for the hose put go. And for the Target switch back to switchy for a minute. links.switched IO Okay, so I just read it.

Yeah links links that switchy. Is that it with you like this switching IO? Yeah. and green Damn, all right, and now go back to school. No.

Wait, there's a DOT afterwards. Is that wrong? It's fine. That's fine. Okay.

Are you sure? Yeah, that's fine. Okay, and then good. Now click the add button. Oh, all right.

So just get when they have to wait a couple minutes for it to to propagate but well, let's do well it's propagating we can go in here should go to go to where it says UTM striking. The left menu no. So here you can you can set up kind of presets for the utms very similar to the way you're doing it in the spreadsheet. So if you go to like add so you can say you know, whatever you can say. This is you know, YouTube organic, right?

And then so UTM UTM Source would be YouTube YouTube campaign or just just sets UTM YouTube and then medium just put organic. And then hit create. Don't worry about the other ones for right now. All right, and so that's just a template right and I'll show you that matters in a minute and now go to so click on the little link icon on the top left. A link on this one right there links.

Yeah. So now you would basically type in the the page that you want to link to in that little box the top right? So go Dot. No, do you touch whatever the landing pages or whatever page you want to send traffic to? So so is it the new one that we made or the old one?

Go. no, it's that page right there grab that you alright I mean Should I change the name of it or to homepage right there or not? We can talk about naming conventions for Pages the whole different topic. It doesn't really matter at the end of the day, but Okay, so no does it matter? Yeah, I mean just for right now.

I'm just showing you how to kind of use switches so So just put it in here. So just paste that link it so basically whatever page you want to drive traffic to you put it in there. Click switch it. And then from here now you can add the utms there. So you can either pull you can either see where it says the UTM is down below.

so you can either Type them in manually or you can say from template. So right now you can say like, you know pick that YouTube organic it'll fill in those and then if it's a specific campaign or specific content you can kind of customize those and then campaign would be quiz, I guess. Sure. Yeah. And then I don't need yeah, and you don't need that unless you wanted to create.

I mean now you now you can't What this is basically allowing you to do is now you can create as many links as you want and it doesn't matter right so you're not gonna use Up Click funnels pages to create links. And so if you wanted to create a different link for every single video and you could do that very easily right and just come in here and be like generate a new link to that page. And this one's the UTM content would be the name of the video whatever but for right now. You can just keep it generic at least. You know, this is organic traffic from YouTube go into the quiz.

Okay. And then once we get to do so in the box below. Once the domain is set up you'll be able to select your domain from there. And then in the other box next to it, you would put whatever the redirects you know, so it'll be basically to be go dot the guitar shortcut Comm forward slash what whatever whatever you want, right? So that's what you would put in that box.

It's just customized. So you can just create one. It's right now just put you know, whatever homepage in Island. No right here. Oh.

Right and then get my new link. and so then that would be you know, that would be the link that you would use now again, we're going to set up your domain. So it's not High Dot switch IO. Okay, it'll be go to the guitar shortcut Comm, but when you go to that link, so now you'll have the link here in this dashboard. You'll see how many clicks you can click on under actions.

You'll be able to click on the little That first little icon there will show you a report of where people countries people are coming from browsers. They're using like all that really you can get all that. Yeah, you can get QR codes if you want to put it in a postcard like a lot of cool stuff. You can do here. Wow, and you can share it directly to Facebook or whatever, but go back into it for a minute.

Click on the pencil to edit it actually a couple other things. So if you want to customize like what the preview of that link looks like you can you upload a picture there? and you can also kind of change the text and descriptions and all that kind of stuff so that Like if you share that link in say like a Facebook post and you want to control what's going to show up then this is what you can kind of tweak that. oops Okay. Well, I guess this is not working, but that's weird.

That image is no good. Why are those all zero bytes? Oh because they're not they're not actually any machine. They're in the cloud. Oh favicon, here you go.

This one should work. Right? No, it's in the cloud too. See how they all say zero bytes. Oh, yeah, cuz very my Dropbox.

Yeah. so should I No, no, you want to make you want to make that whole folder available offline probably. now cancel You probably don't want your family your favicon's gonna be too small you really want. Okay, good. Okay.

I got a pictures. and yeah now see none of those are downloaded to your machine. No, dude. No, but I'm pretty on my desktop. It's not gonna it's not gonna do it.

You're moving it out of Dropbox. That's okay because I duplicated. No, it doesn't duplicate it moves it. So it'll take it out of Dropbox. I know but I made a copy first.

Oh seriously, right so now this should work, right? Yeah, but really you should just have logos downloaded locally, but I know I used to heaven but then I switch computer and and now like everything is on Dropbox. I know that looks terrible. Well, it looks like s*** because it's a small you got. Yeah, it's needs to be 1200 by 630 right like you don't have to do this.

This is only again. If you're gonna be if you were to paste the shortcut link into say Facebook and show a preview. Yeah, because it's like the messenger usually shows the next this controls what preview it's gonna show that's really all it's really all here. The the other thing you can do with this just just so you know and keep in mind because it keeps talking about the pixel. Is let's say let's say there was an article on Guitar World that you wanted to share.

But you wanted to drop your Facebook pixel when somebody clicked on that link and went to Guitar World. So that you could retarget those people. Oh, yeah, right. That's that's what that ad pixels thing is is all right. I never really use it.

But I mean that that is how that's what it's for. Right? So if you want to link to a page that you don't control, but you still want to pixel those people so you can retarget them lately later. and that's where that lets you got to just that's yeah, that's that's very deep into Alright, so let's go back and see if it's ready to set up it to the domain props to go to home. Go to home.

God bless you. Get back to the gear. So go that the guitar shortcut, yeah. Calm yeah good. Yeah, I might have to wait till tomorrow for for okay.

so then my question is like when I go to doomley and let's say I want to in like right here, I would go and just pick a post or whatever, you know. video test I would put all the labels I guess but because you see I just pick all these right Instagram. right take talk YouTube and I think that's it. Well they have so again like you can so now you're going to make tough decisions. Right?

Like if you really want to track then the no you would have to just if you want to use that link because that link is specific to YouTube. then you'd have to just do YouTube Right, but that's like the base like, you know. I'm just wondering if I will because I think there's a way to customize everything. I just want to make sure like I know how I know what I do. last time huh the last tab your last the last tab in the browser.

The last 70 browser. Yeah. So if you want guitar tips. More if you want more click here. that would be my and I can shorten the URL here, but So I wouldn't sure why I didn't know you could do that.

But yeah, so I wouldn't I wouldn't do both. I wouldn't shorten the URL here and use a switchy link. So be one of the other right because otherwise you're creating. To redirects which is just unnecessary. But what I'm saying is you can't you know if the content if like if you paste that link in there right now.

Then it would just be only from YouTube, but you have to post just to YouTube not to everything. But I think so that if I go like this next. Then for YouTube I can specialize it right here. Right? So like Facebook, let's say I could put my you my Facebook link here and then I could put my right correct is this is just the main text and then you just add more stuff.

Yeah. Yeah, if you can do that then that's fine. Okay, cool, so So then I need to create like four main links. I need like because I don't want to go too too deep into a tracking rabbit hole, but like right just one. That's one for each network is one for each platform.

So, you know, it's what's going on where it's going so like then switchy and it would be go that switchy. Well, I need to wait for tomorrow, right? Yeah, or later today. Some point, it should work. Yeah.

Oh, yes. Okay. We did it I think. Yeah it perfect. So then here I would actually so wait let go back to your link.

Yeah. Thanks and then edit this one. I can't I can just delete it right you can delete it or even it either way. You just added it. Hey the link.

scroll down And change that. You can change it. Which one no. No, I guess you can't change it. All right.

So yeah, I guess you got to delete it. Okay, so delete this one. All right, so now create a new link. We Jam campaign. That's quiz.

organic YouTube That's it. We deal with the blank. So I care about all right, and then go to guitar shortcut Comm and customize yes or no? Yeah, this is where you got to put in what it's gonna be go down. Sure, right.

That's fine. YouTube. What YouTube quit? Well, I mean again, this is what's gonna be visible in the in the link see right, they're gonna see that right so, you know, so you might do like quiz dish YT or something like that or wait well, so you can't I wouldn't do just quiz because you're gonna have a different length for each but see it exactly. What is that YouTube.

I'm in the other one quiz that it be here Instagram. Yeah, very cool. So that's it and Yeah, get my new link up all you got to put the URL in there at the top. the URL right here on you know, don't take that out, but the URL that quiz page URL In fact before I even create this man, let's go. Well, do you have any other traffic linking to that page right now ads or anything like that?

No, nothing is gonna link to that page but organic like because You know like this is this is not proven or anything. It's just I just want to I just want to say for like people before they get to my pages, you know, so so we know like right organic. It doesn't matter, you know, so there's no other traffic going. So let's go fix that ugly URL and click funnels. So go and click funnels good page.

All right, click funnels. I don't need this page anymore right anymore. No, okay. All right, so go to publishing. Yeah.

publishing Change that to quiz. That's it. For now, or should I say homepage? No, because it's not really your homepage. It's just like well, I mean later on I I don't know what I'm gonna do with this page really like right now.

I'm just I don't know please just call it what it is. It's the quick quiz. Alright and then click on the little gear icon under the right and change that to quiz - c So so basically what I do, so whatever you set up a URL on click funnels, you got to change it in both of these spots, right? Yeah. It was by default.

It gives it that weird name and number. So typically what I do is all set the main thing under publishing as to what the name of the page is or what it's about or whatever and then if Quiz - c means this is the control version and then if you created a variation, I would name that quiz - V. But that just gives you the cleaner URLs and yeah, because if not, they usually add more numbers. Yeah, you guys it makes a mess. Okay, so quiz, that's c yeah, and then when you're creating a link you always want to go to quiz, you never want to link directly to quiz - c or quiz - V because that will break any split testing it.

So if you do that, yeah, it was I always always you know, I always did this. And then, you know copy this right, but then that would break split testing. So Okay, always use that one. Alright, so now it's switching you could pop that in there. bam Perfect, all right, so then I have so get my link.

Right, and that's it. Copy it go back to loomely but that in the YouTube One. It's the Facebook one. But oh, yeah. Um, okay.

Well, I mean, I know I can I can do that later on because I'm not gonna put something right now and then you just do you just keep duplicating that link inside of switchy and just change the The Source One for Facebook one for Instagram. Awesome. And I just duplicated right here. Yeah, the the last icon should duplicate. Oh.

And then instead then I go quiz. Slash Facebook. Yeah, and then just change and then change. face book and then organic. Yep quiz, oops.

Where is this? And and that's it, right? That's all I need to change and then get my new link. See the Facebook one. Very cool and then same thing.

quiz, the Instagram I'll just do IG IG. Oh, yeah, that's cool. And then Wait, please no wait. I duplicated the wrong one. All right.

Okay, no, never mind. And then pick it that last one. seem source Oh cuz he pulls him to template I guess. Yeah, but well was no because the one you're duplicating is the YouTube One. Oh.

um tiktok TTR in the UTM, you could put tiktok don't take talk but in the URL, but quiz.t Dot or well s*** - TT. TT. Okay, cool and great. And what is this for here? So again, that's the preview that's going to show so you may want you may have to go back and change those change of previews.

Do I put the link in there or not? So that's pulling right now that's pulling the content from the page and click funnels. That's where that's coming from. So you cannot be change it and click funnels too. Okay, I just changing and click funnels and then it's gonna change it all I would never have a link in the pages description for any page because with the only time that's the only time that description is going to show up is if somebody already if it's already showing the length to the page, you know, so just like not needed right?

Yeah. So right here, I would go edit. And if I added here it's gonna edit on there. I'm just there. Let me take a little bit to update but and integrate SEO metadata, right?

Yeah. This is for you. Is that good? Does it even matter this? I mean, that's how it that's how it would show up in like a search result.

And that's how again, that's how I'll show up in a preview. Go and this is kind of like my homepage too. Like because oh wait, but so if anyone just right now as of right now if anyone goes to the guitar showcut.com, this is where it brings them. Is that okay? Yeah, that's fun.

I mean so you're gonna have some traffic you're gonna have some traffic that you're not gonna be able to track because it's just somebody just types in your domain and goes there they'll be going to that page, but that's fine, but it's okay, right? Okay. All right, cool. So thank you that you know, I didn't I didn't even know this was like a thing. All right ever glad every week.

You're learning something new. That's good. There's no now. You know, how much crap there is to learn? Yeah.

It's like it's I feel like it's more advanced than where I'm at. But I think it's all good to know because and you know, eventually what I want to do I want to post organically so then I can retarget like, you know, like let's say everyone to do tiktok ads because maybe the it's cheaper or anything. I could I don't think I would just do take talk ads just trade too cold traffic, but if like, let's say I get a video that goes viral or something which could happen on tiktok. Then I could retarget those people. Don't take that right you could but you just want to make sure that you already have so I would go in and like set up a tiktok at account and get the tiktok pixel and put it on your pages so that if that happens the pixel is already kind of picked up those people so that you can go back and read right because you don't want to do it after the facts, right?

You don't want to be like, oh, I just got a million visitors to my site. I didn't have the pixel on there. So tiktok doesn't know who they are. So I can't retark, you know, so you want to have that in place now in case that happens. So have you missed around with big talk ads?

I haven't play I haven't played so talk ads at all. No, do you know anyone who has or I'm sure John has but but it makes it I mean the process is the same right? You're gonna go in set up an ad account. It'll give you a pixel put your pixel into either tag manager or the the funnel settings just like you put the Facebook pixel and the YouTube pixel and so I would put the So let's say I create my tiktok ad account. I would put the pixel in here or like no get out it you always want to install pixels at the At the funnel level, so get out of here.

So this is in a different funnel right this page so under funnel settings. You would put your pixel code in there on there under the head tracking code. So I would need to have the Facebook pixel the tiktok pixel the Instagram pixel now Facebook Pixar in Instagram is the same right Facebook and Instagram just saying. Yeah Facebook YouTube AdWords and does YouTube have a pixel. That's the AdWords pixel.

So yeah. the same as Google ads this but like I've never I don't think I ever installed a pixel. But why install Google tag manager on my for great? Sorry, perfect. So if you have tag manager, then you would install the tiktok pixel.

Go to your tag manager for a minute. Let me see how it set up. tag manager.com yeah, so you got all the Google ads there, but you don't well, so this is for is this the you know for well, but the domain says CR guitar training system. Oh, no. There you go.

inside click on it there tags Actually still only have the Google ones here. Yeah, so technically you should have your Facebook pixel in here. If you're running Facebook ads and you should so this is where you would add all those pixels, right? And then the only thing that you put in into the funnel is the tag manager code. Okay, so I put the Facebook pixel and and their tiktok picks only there, correct?

Yeah. So like I should I should do that before I go ahead on to posting on on social media, right? Correct? Yeah, so that all those pixels are gathering data so that later on if you want to run an ad you already have people in the pixel Facebook. and manager Yeah.

Because I know I already have like I ran ads on Facebook before but not with. Oh what happened manager? Where where's it? All right, go to ads manager. Okay.

Hold on go back for a minute. Go back go back for a minute. Yeah. Just go to business manager. So I don't know what's going like with with this.

I have multiple pages and and stuff like All right, but business managers typically what you want to use right? So this is this is right. Okay. So let's see you so good. So now from here click ads manager.

and I have a whole bunch of different accounts because I don't I was trying to run ads like to promote my my life events, you know and stuff. Okay, so I don't really know like I have okay, I have two two accounts. I think this one was one that I created before. those and then this one I created after and I think this one was connected to my like personal account. And this one was connected.

Yeah, I would probably use this one since this one has less crap in it. Mm-hmm, and it's builted manager. So can I just delete this thing you can delete? Go under edit the little icon next to edit Maybe. I'm gonna replace turn on turn off.

No. No, I guess you can't delete it but whatever whatever. So what we want is the pixel though. So go to the little hamburger menu right above your knit right above your picture. hamburger I want above your picture.

Doing oh hamburger this one the hamburger. Yeah that thing. Hamburger. Oh, okay. That's what the hamburgers good good events manager.

and top started to hover over the right there right here. No the menu on the sorry the minion left. Let's say data sources. even special weather click on the create button for a minute. Yeah, it's not that I just go to.

Just crap all changed. settings business settings right there. No no up in the middle. Under your name. oh you you were right there hiding it.

just comes okay. weird I think that's it. That's an offline set. I click on the little green add. thing in the left is yeah.

click connect data source web connect There you go. So just call it the you know guitar method or the guitar shortcut ever pixel. and then pixel and click that's fine. You just leave it like that and then click create pixel. Okay, the guitar shortcut.

That one yet. Yeah, just keep going. All right set up conversions. if she wants it up manually you can manually You need to have an email associated with this business, you know to your business email. So right click on that and all right?

like I don't really know which. You want everything inside of you always want to use business manager? Because okay safer and you know, and he's here personal got you. But yeah, so you gotta like edit you got to put in your business name and phone number and kind of yeah edit that stuff right there my info. click save you should put in your business details and stuff to.

Oh, you know business name. I don't have that you. Alright now you're legit. Okay now go back to the other tab. Should go back and go back.

Yeah back in the next. slide I may have sent you a confirmation or something. Check your email. There you go. That's fine.

I'll go back to the other tab. back Oh my good. I just cancel and start up start over. or actually Yeah, just cancel. So go again right here.

Oh, no, no go back to where it was. It's already there's click on that one. continue pixel setup Oh. Why f***? What is this still loading?

Is it no? And the other page still loaded? Yeah. Maybe what is that little thing for because it's not you haven't finished setting it up. There you go.

Oh, no. conversion API check them both Oh, no, which one? Technically won't both. Well now the the thing is different. He looks good.

Just good and green buttons If you can delete it. No, no cancel. Under the green button, which says create? On the right on the right. Oh, no can't delete it.

All right. That's probably fine. Right accounts cookies. Alright, so it's right go to scroll down. scroll down so it says scroll up a little bit.

Right there set up manually click on that setup manually. click continue and so here you want a view content. Add to cart. purchase Yeah, and subscribe. that continue f*** around the education You Can't Hurt No wait I said do you say how did you quick happy that it's all?

cancel cancel. Okay, cancel continue slow down. Okay, it did it. That's not letting me continue. This crap is scroll up.

It's under best practice. What's that little best practices things and I once me to select all these right ID. No, I don't to. Okay, and that was you wanted me to select everything? you want to go back and see what it said event ID man phone is now I see oh Where is it email?

No? There you go. ID external ID IP address Where is it? Oh client had yeah. And it also selected that one do not Ash the client user agent.

Yeah. Yeah, I gotta go do that for all those events. to put on purchase purchase Oh and do the same thing for all those? Yeah. email and then scroll up that ID scroll up Oh.

Eventide is right here. Okay. email okay. Oh my God, it just like pops up. I don't know.

I'm like why? Okay, that's good. All right now continue, right? Yeah. f****** pain continue continue I'm going to click manually Implement yourself.

No. Okay, whatever just click finish. All right. So now go to what is it still saying? It's click complete set up again.

All right, that's fine. Generate access token. That is definitely what we want great. copy that code Is that my pixel no go to clickfunnels? Go under your top right under your name because setting account settings.

Go to Integrations. Add a new integration. choose Facebook Isn't here I paste it. Oh s***. No, actually, it's well.

So good you want to connect us anyway, so just put it just put Facebook to put the guitar shortcut at account. So I need to go this is where it's just integration nickname. No, dude, the Box above. and click Account or just right and then click connect integration. continue done Okay.

Okay, great now go to on the left menu go to domains. Domains. Yeah down the bottom. Oh. hmm Oh to guitar shortcut Comm.

Yeah, click that the three dots. Yeah edit. Go where it's just Facebook conversion pixel. expand click add integration. Yeah pixel select the pixel.

Yeah. Paste that stuff in there, but also select the pixel in the Box above. that one it's safe. So here we created a new ad account. Is that correct?

No, he's just created a new pixel not and you add account. Okay, but now that now that pixel is connected to the domain and and so now whenever anybody UPS in or purchases it'll send that data over to the pixel kind of automatically, but we still want to get the The pixel code in the tag manager, so go back to Facebook. Yeah, no. No, we're before. this one Yeah, so, let's see.

That's that's scroll down. finish Go to settings. Go down. Slow down here. down set up track events and go down.

That's it. Go to overview for a minute. I'm sorry, man. They keep changing this damn car. Yeah, and I I know I feel your pain.

I complete setup again. Why doesn't say so Get started. scroll up Scroll up. Oh, that's what it's it's just moving you down the page. All right, go down.

Send events through the API launch pillow. and duplicate click launch test events. That's it. Yeah do that for a minute. Do that.

They're ready wrong. No. They interact with you. and now, you know, that's not You may just I just need to wait till it gets some. stuff just gonna settings no second.

Yeah, I thought Google was complicated but and this lovers That's good settings. You're gonna cut. Where are you? Just copy the pixel ID. Where right there in the middle, this is pixel ID of your name.

Oh pixel ID and copy that go to tag manager. Yeah good. Okay, tag manager create a new tag. blue box top next to the search icon baby blue top right of the middle of the page next. Oh got new right here.

Facebook yeah Facebook pixel click on the pencil and you choose custom HTML. And you're going to paste in this code. Hang on a second. Put in the chat. Well paste your pixel ID in there firstly don't first.

Yeah, so I already copied this but then the pixel idea was right here. Can't do that. Now in that code it's in two spots. It's under right there. It says in it.

Should I delete the not the quotes just a number another quotes? Okay. And then down below and that where it's his ID equals. that URL ID equals, yeah, seeing that right there. Oh this great, perfect, and then triggering all pages save Okay.

So anyway, yeah, and then you would do basically the same thing for tiktok. We're not gonna do that today. Yeah, I know. Yeah, but God you go ahead and set up to take talk ad account and get it all set up so that we can do it next week, but it sounds good. But thank you you can hit submit.

And that'll publish it. So you want to hit submit hit publish, you know? publish continue now you want to make sure that and click funnels every funnel you build has your tag manager code in it, right? So that new funnel that you just built for the quiz. Yeah, too.

So good a good admin. Admin, and then my code is and support. This is installed Google tag manager. All right fourth one down. Let's copy that into the funnel settings.

You go back to the funnel. settings Okay. That's the head tracking code right and then I need to do body to yep. Did I do that for my other one? Yeah, you want to check all your funnels make sure you have this and all of them.

cool, and now I say and then I must have right because if it's working I must have yeah both. Why is there all this what yeah, what's the other stuff obviously with that is? Drag the little bottom right corner of the box. You can make it bigger and see the whole thing. How's that?

user diffuser I don't know using some other. tracking thing No, but what I probably did is like I'd probably double tracked or something weird. It's BG. Oh, it's maybe it's hot jar. Oh, yeah, that's what it is hard Joe.

All right, so you can put that you can actually move the hot jar code to tag manager. So you don't talk like I don't know you ever want in here is your tag manager code and any other pixel gets added to tag manager the way we just did you just added as custom HTML you tell it to run on all pages? Right, so this I would take this. yeah, except you don't know what the hell it is, but Well, that must be hot Joe. Okay.

So I would do that and just add my new. Oh good to you, right I got a times I got tags new tag. And then go customize Gmail then pays this right here. Then triggering all pages. is the and but all this there's looks like there's two parts to the hot jar code though.

So I don't know that's In the head you got different code. Ah jar right here head tracking. So I need both, right? You definitely need that what I'm saying is I don't know if that other code is hot jar or not. Okay.

Well, let's just leave it like that for now it yeah, you know so we don't break anything. But yeah and the future. Yeah. Well, okay as you add new pixels you want to here and that because that way you know, once you have the tag manager code on all your funnels and whenever you have a new pixel, it'll automatically be installed on all your phone. Okay?

Yeah, whenever I added this I had no idea on how any of this actually worked so well and you know, this is an artist part trust me. This is the The tracking stuff is by far the hardest part. So yeah learning from you. I'm like, okay, like my mind gets blown up. That's how I feel about guitar.

So we're even And say you want to show me some guitar stuff. No, not that I got. I got too much s*** to do today, man. Okay. All right.

Well, thank you so much for helping me. I appreciate you and I'll set up that tiktok account and see if I can figure out how to get the pixel to show up. All right. So this way like we we set up the the pixel for Facebook, right? Yeah, the Facebook one is set up.

Yeah. So now if you start driving traffic on Facebook, you know at least start populating the pixel now, it's it's still like not ready or something like yeah, probably just need to get some traffic and it starts seeing some traffic come through. Got you. I would check it tomorrow after you've had some traffic. All right, sounds good.

Thank you so much. I appreciate you everyday. Talk to you later. Thank you. Bye.
