---
title: "Tech 2021-09-03 15:59:37"
date: 2021-09-03
duration: 1h 28m
duration_seconds: 5315
vimeo_id: 597361751
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-09-03 15:59:37

**Date:** 2021-09-03 | **Duration:** 1h 28m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Howdy. Hey.

How you doing? All right. So this is my first time on one of the calls. Awesome. Welcome.

Rename it so you have my name here. Here we go. So what's your name? My name is Teddy. I am Todd's CTO.

And so this is the tech call. So anything tech related you're dealing with? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm CTO of, you know, my little company.

So let me just give you the one minute description. So my partner Richard Petrie and I have a company called Architect Marketing Institute. We help architects with marketing where core program is about seven, $8,000, depending
on, you know, how they arrange it and things like that. We've been going about seven years. Uh, I've personally been going in internet marketing for about, you know, 12 or 15 years.

So, uh, very experienced with the marketing. We're using Infusionsoft and ClickFunnels, which I know I've seen Todd mentioned that that's
part of your arsenal. Um, uh, so some of the tech stuff that I realized, you know what, we're going through it. Richard's, uh, our main teacher copywriter. I mean, I do a lot of teaching in my other business, which is a tech tool for architects
called Archicad.

So I'm well known in that area. I have like a YouTube channel with 4 million views and things like that. So, you know, I'm a, I'm a teacher and I do coaching within our program, but he's the
copywriter and doing stuff. So he's going through the E5 thing and, and, you know, working out our campaign argument
and, you know, all that sort of stuff. Uh, but as we do that, you know, trying to, I'm going through a lot of Todd's, uh, you know,
tracking and segmentation and, you know, all of that core stuff, I'd say 80% of it.

I, I know pretty well, but you know, it's those nuances and it's just the reminders of,
Oh God, we're not doing X. Um, that, uh, you know, so I realized, you know, okay. Uh, one of the reasons why we signed up for the program was to, um, you know, be able
to pick the brain of, you know, pick your brain or whatever and say, how do you, how do you
do this and infusion soft? You know what I mean? I know all the tech stuff of infusion stuff, but there's the strategic thing, you know?

So one thing that, um, you know, we have, uh, campaigns for, um, uh, different, let's say
focus points. So last month we were promoting a particular webinar that Richard did last year, but we
set it up as an ever webinar. And so we just sent, uh, you know, a whole bunch of emails during the month, you know,
talking about that webinar and you know, why it was so important. The concepts were so important, et cetera. Um, in what we found very convenient is in a sequence in infusion soft tab, just, you know,
here's email one, then send the next, you know, email two on this date, email three on
that date.

And if it's an evergreen thing, then we'll say two days later, or, you know, the next Monday
or, you know, those sorts of things. Now there's this whole thing of, Hey, the people who didn't open the email sending it
again. Well, when you have a sequence like this, where it's all within one, you know, what
we're a bunch of emails are all within it. Then you can't really do a goal that says, if they opened it, go on to the next one. If they didn't open it, then send them another one with a different, um, subject line.

Right. Um, and, uh, you know, so I don't know if there's a workaround. I mean, we just found that sending broadcasts was way unmanageable. Having all of them in one sequence was much better. And while you could put each email in a separate sequence and have a goal and stuff, then all
of your emails are, you know, scattered.

You have to open up every sequence and stuff. And that is technically, technically that's the only way to do it. If you want to track the, the open engagement would be that. Okay. So there's no, so what do you, what, what do you do in infusion soft in your campaigns
where you're saying we're going to promote a cash pops or whatever that one that's going
on right now?

Um, uh, yeah. So, so typically there's, there's an image. So when we launch a new offer, you know, whether it's a funnel or we don't do a whole lot of webinars
anymore, but if we're promoting an offer, there's a general invite campaign that, you know,
we put all existing buyers into the haven't bought that yet. Uh, and that campaign will have, you know, up to 10 emails in it typically. Um, but the minute that anybody kind of clicks through on any of those emails, they get kind of moved to a hot list campaign,
which is a little bit more intensified, uh, in terms of the messaging and the, like what, you know, what they click through.

They're interested as opposed to the other people that might not have opened or clicked at all yet. Right. So, so we're still trying to get their attention in that core campaign. And then once we've gotten some attention and now we're kind of honing in the dealing with the objections. All right.

So you're, so you're moving the people who take any action. Well, you're talking about clicking. So, so clicking, um, and otherwise the, uh, the other people, they may open, they may not open, you know,
they're just going to get another email the next day or two days later or whatever. Um, and so you're not segmenting based on opening and resending based on that. Um, you're only going into a hot, the hot list of, um, for the people who take some action
and then they just get more emails or they get similar emails, but faster and more of them or, you know.

Yeah. Either more intensified or, you know, we may stack bonuses or we, you know, may increase the deadline
or, you know, lots of different kinds of ways that we potentially handle it. The other thing I would say about opens as, as well as, as you probably heard. Yeah. Yeah.

It's hard to track now. Well, and yeah. And the apple thing's going to, the apple thing's going to show a hundred percent open rates. Right. So it's going to become a meaningless metric.

Um, so then that's the other side of this is, um, just the general opens and the thing list hygiene and stuff like that. Cause we're seeing, I, I, one thing we regularly do is have a, a tag for when people click on something. So that there may be something for that campaign, but there's always something that actually just records it. They click. So I can see, Oh, this person has clicked on a lot of stuff or hardly any or none.

And it, and it is part of a thing of, you know, 30 days are hot, you know, six 30 to 60. They're warm, et cetera, for clicks. Well, I'm often, you know, Infusionsoft says, you know, your list is getting stale. You know, your, this metric is high. You better clean your list.

And I go into a search for, um, you know, unengaged. Right. And some of the people just at random, when I look at him, I say, wait a second. I remember him talking about that. He clicked on this.

They're showing him as unengaged. You know, so then that's, that's probably even a bigger issue is how do you deal with, you know, list hygiene when their engagement tracking is now, you know, doesn't seem to be very consistent. Uh, so, so a couple of things. So, so number one, uh, we use Adrian Savage's deliverability defender tool, uh, which is built specifically for Infusionsoft. It gives you, it gives you a lot of reporting that Infusion doesn't give you on deliverability, like breaking things down by, by ESP, for instance, like how many are at Gmail, how many are at Outlook, how many are at Yahoo, and how are they performing and how are they engaging and all that kind of stuff.

Um, and, uh, there's a portion of that program where all of that, all of that tracking management stuff and tagging, uh, will be done automatically for you on a daily basis. Right. So he based something in his, in his system pulls an API report, uh, and, you know, based on zero to seven days engaged, never engaged. Uh, I mean, there's, there's about 30 tags that he applies to zero to seven, seven. So I want to get the name of that tool.

Cause I want to check it out. And how much do you know? Roughly like 50, it's like 50 bucks a month. Oh, that's nothing. Yeah.

Um, so deliverability, uh, deliverability dashboard.com forward slash defender. Okay. So live. Uh, let me get this here. Sorry.

Um,
Sorry. $59 a month. So deliverability dashboard.com forward slash defender. Yeah. Ender.

Okay. And, uh, and this is works with infusion soft. Nice work. Say it's built specifically for infusion soft. Okay.

Excellent. All right. Well, that definitely will. Yeah. So I can tell you, you know, and we've hired Adrian to kind of do some audits and provide us some, some personal coaching and all that kind of stuff on our deliverability.

Uh, and I could just tell you, you know, a couple of the key things is those first, you know, new contacts, first 30 days, like you've got to have a sequence in place to make sure that within the first 30 days they're engaging regularly. Um, so, you know, we have a welcome campaign that we put everybody through, like after we've delivered kind of the initial, whatever they just bought, like, here's your deliverability, here's your access, here's, here's how you get into that stuff. And there's like a, a 30 day welcome sequence that, that, you know, is talking about Todd and why we're doing this and kind of our foundational kind of theories and concepts and all that kind of stuff. Um, but you know, a couple of those emails, especially a couple of the initial emails are asking them to reply to the email, which, you know, as you know, Infusion doesn't really have an automation to deal with replies. It's, they just go to our support, but at least like in Google's eyes, you know, Google's looking at behavior.

They don't care what IP we're sending from, they're like, is this person engaging, uh, is this the first time they've seen this person and how much of this message looks like a real message, which is the other big thing he talked about is like, like, look, no, no unnecessary images. If you don't need them, uh, plain text, one link, if possible, uh, left justified, you know, the more it can look like a human email, then, uh, then, then a campaign email, the better off you're going to be. Okay. So those are tips for, for, um, just improving deliverability. And then this dashboard does report.

So do you then call your list based on the dashboard, uh, you know, the tags, the status that they're in? Yeah. So once they, once a tag goes like past 30 days and hasn't engaged, uh, then we'll have our support team try to actually call them and, and, or reach out, um, you know, so try to, and we'll send them a postcard as well and, and try to re-engage them that way. Usually try to get them to opt into something else again, to kind of re-opt in and kind of restart that counter. Uh, and then frankly, if they don't, uh, if they don't opt in or if they don't engage within those first 30 days, we're either opting them out or we're mailing them a lot less frequently.

Right. So we might mail them once a month, uh, you know, especially if there's like a big promotion. Usually it's like Todd puts out a newsletter every Saturday. Uh, so this is, this is another big thing that we got from Adrian, right? Is to, to kind of, if you're doing a big broadcast of the whole list to stagger that broadcast into three buckets.

So first bucket is zero to 30 days engaged. So people that have engaged in the last three days, they get the broadcast first that sends it out through Infusion's best servers. Cause they're the most engaged. So what happens is if you try to broadcast the whole list and you have a mix of people in there from, you know, highly engaged to non-engaged, then it's being sent out. Each person on the fly is kind of getting an email sent through one of Infusion's different servers.

So by doing it in that segmentation that the, um, ISP, ESPs, um, say, oh, this email is getting good engagement. Uh, we'll send it out. So when the next one goes, they have a higher chance that they'll go, well, it's not, we're not going to spam this one. Yeah. Yeah.

And it's, and it's going out through a server with a better reputation as well. Right. Which again, Gmail, that doesn't matter. Some of the other, are you doing, are you doing this as your broadcast ones as opposed to your campaign ones? Yeah.

So for the broad, it's only for the broadcast and it's only when we're broadcasting the whole list. So we'll do zero to 30 first, a couple hours later, we'll do 30, 30 to 60. And then a couple hours later, we'll do 60 plus. Okay. And so these, these things are generally, you're doing through broadcast rather than a campaign.

Correct. Yeah. And a campaign it's, whether it's worth the effort. I mean, we, we do a lot of segmenting in our campaigns. Like typically if we're going to, you know, we'll do buyers, buyers who have engaged in the last 30 days, buyers who haven't engaged in the last 30 days, and then potentially non-buyers, if it's the right type of offer for, for non-buyers, but.

Okay. Well, I have other questions, but I see other people are on the line. Thank you for, for sharing all of that, all of that. Oh, you're welcome. Hi, ladies.

Hey, Teddy, our favorite Friday guy. You do it. I mean, meet Eric, Eric, meet Val and Jade. Val and Jade run a cool company that helped. Do you have any cats or dogs, Eric?

I actually have this one. Russell's your phone. Oh my goodness. My CFO, you know, so. Excellent.

Good man. Good man. Val can teach you how to have a two-way conversation with him. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Healing behavior problems. And communication. Yeah. So you understand each other. All right.

So that's, that's your, that's your business focus. That is my business. Yep. Yep. There you go.

How long have you been in the E5 program? Almost a year. Actually, it was a year. I think we did the E5 acquisition accelerator thing last September, October. Right?

I think so. And lots of change since then. All right. And they're, they're, they're, they're using ClickFunnels and Infusionsoft too. So, you know, some of, some of what I tell them and we've been spending the past month
or so, we've been kind of building out a couple of new, taking campaigns that they had on other
platforms like lead pages and stuff like that and switch them over to ClickFunnels.

But now they've got it up and running. So now we're just kind of dialing in stuff. Some of this might be relevant to you, Eric, and just like little nuances and stuff. Where are you, where are you located, Val and Jade? I'm in San Antonio, Texas, and Jade is in Utah.

Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City. And I'm, I'm in California, just north of San Francisco. Cool. In San Rafael.

And where are you, Teddy? I'm right outside of Raleigh, North Carolina. Uh-huh. Ah, North Carolina. Did you get hit by the hurricane?

Uh, nope. Blue, blue, red past us. Thank God. But I, I grew up in Connecticut. So my parents got hit a little bit.

Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm grateful none of us got hit. All right.

So where are we this week? So we had an interesting thing happen. So our main funnel with our free e-book lead magnet thingy goes into our upsell offer for
our introduction course and the down sales and order bumps and all that. So our opt-in for our free e-book, as you had seen, was getting one of the versions. We did a split market test.

One of the versions, the second version that I threw in there, was getting 100% opt-in. It is still getting 100% opt-in rate. So, wow. So a few days ago, I thought, okay, declare it the winner. I mean, how are you going to argue with that?

So I declared it the winner. I archived the old one. And the next day, I'm looking at it. This is yesterday. We're looking at it to check statistics and stuff with my Facebook ads manager to compare
notes and whatever, you know.

And the opt-in was gone. It was, there wasn't an opt-in on this funnel, period. I don't know what happened. It totally freaked me out. Thank God Jade was available.

She threw it back in there and reconnected it, but that's kind of freaky. The entire page got deleted or the form of the page? The entire page, the entire step, that whole page was gone. It was not in the funnel. Huh.

That's weird. That's kind of crazy, right? Isn't that weird? That's weird, yeah, especially just from declaring one. All you did was to click on the, hover over it and say declare as winner.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've never seen that. So I don't know what happened, but it freaked me out. And I don't, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, Teddy, help me.

I don't know what to do with this. So anyway. All right. So there's that. That's what I want to talk about.

And then I want us to look at our beginning course funnel that you've been helping us set up. I have some ideas about how I want to play with it. And I'd love to make it active today. I think we've tested it. All of the buttons work.

Everything's integrated. But it's not doing quite what we think it should be doing. I think we've got something not set up quite right yet. So, and there's one other question. Jay, do you want to ask about the WePay thing?

Sure. It, when Val tests and it goes through WePay, her order is canceled. We're not sure why. I'm checking with WePay to see why. I don't know if it's because she's the account owner.

It's like really strange. They just automatically canceled. They send an email that says this payment has been canceled. Only Val's orders? Yes.

And she's the account owner. So I have a feeling that it has something to do with that. They see it. Well, you're the owner of this account. You can't make a charge.

Anyways, I emailed them to check. I emailed their support to check and see. Okay. But the issue is that in Infusionsoft, it shows as paid and gone through,
even though the order was canceled. So it wasn't really paid.

Is that ever an issue between the API orders that show up in Infusionsoft that they could
have been declined, but we don't know it because it's going through click funnels? Does that make sense? Well, so, so, so two things. So, so number one, it would be different. So number one, whenever you add a product to an order form, there is a checkbox there that
allows you to delete declined orders if you want, right?

And so basically what that means is if somebody goes through the, if somebody tries to place
an order, that order gets declined by default, click funnels will create an invoice inside
of an unpaid order inside of Infusion with a balance. That's the default behavior, which is, you know, typically we leave it like that because
our support department is constantly monitoring for that. And if they see orders come in that are unpaid, they'll try to reach out to the person and try
to follow up. Now, by the same token that does potentially clutter up Infusionsoft, like if the person
tries two or three times, like let's say they, let's say it fails, you know, they put
in the, they type in a credit card number wrong once. Okay.

Creates a declined order. They type it in wrong again, another declined order. Then they type it in right, or they put in the zip code right. Now the order goes through. Now you'll have one successful order and two failed orders on that account.

So, and potentially Infusion will try to rechart, retry those two failed orders. Now that the credit card is correct. And you end up with somebody that gets charged three times and then you've got to deal with
it. So that I've had that happen many times. So, so it's up to you.

That's a click funnels issue. So that's, yeah, I mean, click, click funnels is doing the right thing in terms of letting
you know that, Hey, this order failed. And so it's sending it over to Infusionsoft properly, but so they give you the option to
turn that off. So I have some clients that turn it off. They just don't want to deal with it.

And if they want to go back through the failed orders, they can go into the click funnel sales
report and see all the failed orders that way and reach out to them that way. And that way it's not cluttering up Infusion and you don't have the double charge thing. Um, but like I said, we, we let them go through, we manually deal with it, but you know, we've
got a six person support team as well. Right. So, well, where would I, where would I market to not have those process then?

Right. So bring up your, so, so I'll show you in a minute. So, but let me just kind of do. So, so again, if it's a declined order, then Infusion is going to, to put it, I mean, click
funnels will put it into Infusion. If the order gets approved, then it's going to show is paid inside of Infusion properly
as well.

If we pay then after approving it, cancels it, that's a different thing. And that's not going to be reflected. Um, yeah, but it only happens with Val. So it's very unique. I mean, it, it technically makes sense.

It's like, like I could, I could see them canceling those. Like it's, you know, technically it's, it's a way to launder money. If you're charging your own credit card to your own account kind of thing. Right. It's almost like giving yourself a cash advance kind of, kind of potentially.

Um, so I could see them see it like we pay sucks. Just, just like in general, I would, I would recommend using Stripe or a real merchant. We pay is just, we've had, we pay like whole tens of thousands of dollars for months on us
during big launches and stuff. Like we will never deal with them again. Um, but just so, and their rates aren't that great either.

Right. Compared to Stripe or. Okay. Okay. Um, but yeah, so, so, so yeah, if they cancel it after they've authorized it, then technically
the order was authorized.

It did go through properly. It would show it was paid. Uh, but then they're kind of notifying you on the backend that they're canceling it. That's a, and that's probably not being reflected back to the order. Yeah, it's not.

Okay. Uh, so, all right. So in the funnel, um, you can share your screen and just go, go to an order form and go to one
of the product settings, show you one of the boxes. And unfortunately you have to do this for every product. Uh, it's not, it's not a per order form thing.

Um, it seems like there should be a global setting somewhere for what you want it to
do. You would think there should be a global setting in a lot of places inside of the funnels,
but yeah. Okay. Okay. Can you see it?

Yeah. So I just click at it. And then go to the product details. Let's scroll down right there. Delete declined invoices.

Okay. So then that way it won't, once they have a correct credit card, it won't charge. Correct. The order won't show up in infusion until it actually successfully goes. Would it make sense in infusion to just have, uh, some, uh, tasks set up for declined orders
and have human, um, you know, just review to see whether a no order went through or B there's
already been a successful one and delete it.

And that way, you know, you can, um, you know, have a record of that. And in fact, uh, uh, you know, it depends upon the frequency of this, but I would think that
would recover some lost orders that otherwise would just get deleted. Yeah. I mean, you can certainly, you could certainly let it go through and, and use the failed
payment goal, which didn't exist previously to, to early this year, uh, to notify, uh,
to notify somebody to, to look at it. But like I said, our, our process is support is looking at all orders all day long.

And if, if they see that, like, cause, cause as long as they catch it the same day, then
they can avoid out any charges. And that's still a problem with international or it's really puts holds on their cards for
a couple of days. But, um, but most of our front ends are, are small. They're not big, you know, they're, they're on a hundred bucks. So it's not a huge deal.

Um, but yeah, so our sport team is just monitoring it, uh, constantly and, but you can certainly
do it with a, with a failed purchase, failed payment goal and create a task for somebody
to look at it. Interesting. I sort of think we have better things to do with our time. What do you think, Jake? Yeah.

Yeah. We don't get that many. Okay. Honestly. Um, Teddy, you said move to Stripe and there was another one you suggested that you liked
better.

Uh, just a real merchant account, uh, you know, through. I mean, there's a, off the check and see who we're using at the moment. Um, okay. Yeah. I can't remember.

And we've tried, we tried a ton of them. Um, you know, and, and frankly, and frankly, like we have, we have three merchant accounts,
right? So one of them goes down, we have two backups. Uh, and we're have Stripe. We do have Stripe.

We do have Stripe. Okay. We've got PayPal and we pay. Yeah. Okay.

Well, um, Jade, you and I can talk about that. See what it'll take to do. All right. Super. All right.

Um, so I think that's all of that question. Jade, did you get what you needed? Yeah. Okay. Super.

Thank you. All right. So let. Do you want to share your screen? Yeah.

Let me share my screen. I'm going to stop sharing. Okay. All right. Let me get mine going here.

Where is it? Where could it be? Eric, are you using, um, like eye tracker and that kind of stuff to track UTMs and capture
that? Well, I am tracking UTMs. I'm not using, I don't know what eye tracker is, but yeah, we are parsing the UTMs and putting
them into Infusionsoft for the contact record.

And so we always know the, um, the last thing that they did, what the campaign and, you know,
source was. And, uh, and then I do have something that I haven't been looking at, but we're knowing
that people opt in more than once. Um, I have a Google sheet that supposedly, whenever that happens, it gets written out. And so if the same contact has come in multiple times, then we have, you know, at least some
ability to look at that, but we have internal tagging as well, you know, just like they opted
in for this campaign or, you know, they bought that. Um, anyway, so I don't know what eye tracker is just, uh, uh, I, I tracker basically does
what you just said, right?

So it'll, it'll look for UTMs in the URL. It'll populate hidden fields in the form to store those in the contact record. It'll also, the other thing that it does though, is it does create, uh, tags for, for each
source medium campaign or, right. So, so you can easily kind of find all the people by tag who came in through a particular
source. We're doing, we're doing all of that.

Probably a lot of it, um, you know, with custom code that, uh, you know, I had written
a while back. So, so I do have some other questions. So tell me when, you know, when, when my next turn is, is there, we'll take, we'll take
turns. We'll go, we'll go around Robin. Uh, okay.

So Jay just went, you, um, you want Eric to go next then? Uh, why don't you, how, let's, let's do this next one and then we'll do Eric after this. Okay. Okay. Very good.

Thank you. All right. So, um, here's the beginning course funnel. Uh, this is our beginning, how to communicate with animals, um, course. It's a 50% off sales, uh, flash sale kind of deal.

So to the list right now, Cole, uh, to the list. Yes. The correct. Okay. Um, I, when we get this one working, I want to add the free ebook opt-in to the beginning
of it and see if it actually works and drive some warm traffic to it on Facebook ads.

Um, for now let's do this. Um, all right. So sales page, um, they go to the order form and let me show you what we've got. So we've got, um, so here's, here's the course image, which we expanded dramatically given what
we used to have. Thank you, Teddy.

Um, so that was a little better. Um, so here's what you get the contact, um, credit card, blah, blah, blah. Um, so all of that. Now here's our order bump. What I would like to do is, uh, test it.

So test it as an order bump, like that, like we have it. And then on a split test, what I'd like to do is not have an order bump or change the
order bump to maybe, um, a different course, um, something else that they might want and
make this a one-click upsell instead. We've already built the page for it, but it's not, uh, it's not working. So we have actually two one-click upsells on this campaign. Um, and, and that, and that would be the sequence.

So it would be, they get the beginning course, then they're offered membership in the coaching
club, and then, um, they're offered what we call a Yelp for help. It's a private student breakthrough laser coaching session with me. So, um, does that give you an idea of the funnel? So does that make sense? Yeah.

So the, so the test of order bump versus no order bump is, is easy enough, right? The, that, that one's a lot of complicated. The second page just wouldn't have the order bump option on there. Uh, and, and you can set the, you know, on submit, go to, to go to a different upsell. If you want on that test page, if you want to test to two different order bumps, uh, that
is more complicated that would require two different order form pages, basically.

And, and, and basically two version, two identical versions of the sales page, each of them linking
to a different order page, uh, or, or the other option is the other easier option potentially
is, uh, you know, run, run this order bump for a week or two, and then swap it out for
another one, run that one for a week or two and see which one works better. Okay. Got it. Okay. Um, so we also have an exit pop on this one, just, just to remind you, um, you had suggested
making it a three payment exit pop of a two payment, a three payment, which makes it
$99, um, a trial basically for $99.

Um, okay. So let's go back. I don't think I saved anything. And we don't have any stats on this yet. You haven't run in traffic to it yet.

It's not been, uh, activated yet. Not been launched yet. Yep. Okay. So I don't remember if this one is set up or not.

I think I was playing with it. Okay. This one does not have an order bump. So no order bump on this one. Okay.

All right. So that's, that's the variation of the, yeah. So this would be the one that they would go to the one click upsell for the club and
not do it as an order bump. Right. So did you say we can do that or not do that?

Yeah. Yeah. So on, on this page, on the, we're under the general settings. It looks like it's already set to go. So whether that's going to the right page or not, but right there, it says on submit,
go to, that should be going to the page, to the upsell with whichever upsell you want
to offer.

It is. Yep. Yeah. It's going to the gold club. All right.

Okay. So we go back then. And the gold club is the second. All right. So if they go to gold club, you still want them to see Yelp for help?

Yes. Okay. So there are two upsells on this. Got it. If they say, no, I don't want the gold club, then they should still see the next upsell.

Okay. This talks about it and I haven't worked on the copy yet. Um, it's mostly here. So, um, so if I, and then Jade on the, on, so on the other version of the order form that
does have the bump, that one is skipping this page and go in straight to Yelp for help. Correct.

Okay. Yes, it should. Um, let me double check. Whoa, hold on. What, hold on.

What did you just change there? Well, I, I, it, it was going to, um, a generic, whatever's next page. And I changed it to go to the Yelp for help upsell. Well, I mean, okay. I mean, you can hard code it, but the Yelp for help is the next page.

So it's going to go. Yeah, this is true. Okay. That's why I was asking about the order. Right.

So, yeah, which the one that you want to skip should be above the other one. Right. Okay. So let me refresh my understanding. So the beginning course here.

So the control is going to, the control on submit goes to Yelp for help. The variation on submit goes to gold club. And then from gold club, it'll go to Yelp for help, whether they buy the upsell or not. Yes. So am I, do I need to move the gold club?

Nope. Right. That's where, that's where you want it. You want it. You want it above the up for help because by then by default, the next step is.

If you want everybody that, everybody that doesn't see the bump offer is going to see
both gold club and Yelp for help. Then you want gold club above Yelp for help. Cause that's Yelp is then the next logical step. Okay. But, but for the people that do see the bump offer, you want to skip gold club and jump
down to Yelp for help.

Correct. So I just want to check these settings. So on, for this one with the order bump, let's check general settings to be sure it's going
to the right one. So this would go to Yelp upsell and it's good. So is that done?

Well, check that. Hold on. As I go back and check, cause that's not, that's not the normal naming convention we've
been using. So. Oh.

Go to Yelp. What should I check? Check that. Okay. Yeah.

All right. So it looks like we didn't follow the naming convention on this phone, which is fine. We just, yeah, we, uh, Jay, Jay named it. Jay did that. Remember we talked about it.

And so, so Eric, this, you might have a certain way that you do it as well, but we've got,
we came up with a naming convention that we use for all the pages in the funnel. Uh, and so they all start with kind of, you know, name of the funnel hyphenated. So this one would be like hidden dash secrets. And then if it's a sales page, it's, so it'd be hidden dash secrets dash details. And then if it's an order page, it'd be hidden dash secrets dash order.

And if it's an upsell would be hidden dash secrets dash us one dash name of the upsell. So, so we didn't follow that here, which is fine, but I'm just telling you later on,
it's going to make looking in your analytics harder. If you don't follow a certain name, would we call it us one dash Yelp? Well, I would, but again, I would start everything with the name of the funnel. So that later on, when you go to analytics, you can just type, you know, show me all the
hidden dash secrets pages and every page in this funnel will show up in that report because they
all start with hidden dash secrets or begin whatever you want to call it, right?

You can call it whatever you want. So it looks, yeah. So it looks like we started it on those initial pages. We just kind of lost it here. Yeah.

So this one should be begin. How do I edit that here? You just type in it. Well, you got to do it two places. Hold on.

You got to do it in two places. So you got to do it under the publishing tab first. Where's that publishing tab? Oh, okay. So, okay.

So it should be begin dash us one dash Yelp. And we use us one, like we don't want to, we don't want people know to know that they're
being upsold. So yes, it's true. Okay. Got it.

And so update the funnel step. Does that, okay. What else do we have to update? And then, and then under the gear icon, all the same thing, begin dash us one dash Yelp dash C. Okay.

Okay. Does that update that on all the other pages? Does that, no, no, no, no, no, now that you changed it, you got to go fix it on the order
forms or. Okay. So the order form itself.

That's why that's what, so by the way, that's just a side note that that's why I wouldn't
hard code and unsubmit go to, unless you have to like the, the upsell page, the gold upsell
page, just let it go naturally to the next page. That way you can control the flow by moving things around in the sidebar versus having to
go change URLs every time. Okay. So this, I would change here or no. Yeah, this is what.

Change it. Yeah, that's not right. Okay. So begin us one, oops, one dash Yelp. Yes.

Yes. Oh, and save. Okay. Yeah. Okay.

That, yeah, that's that one. And then the gold club offer. Same thing. Yes. Yeah.

Like I said, I would personally, I would, I would delete the answer. It might go to here. Like, it's just going to go to whatever the next page is. That's where it should go. Like, like, unless you're purposely changing the path, then best to just leave it as is.

Well, I got confused because the one with the club order bump, I didn't want to show them the one click club page. I wanted them to skip that page. Right, right, right. Yeah. That's what I was trying to sort out.

Yeah. And in that case, you are changing the natural flow. You're skipping this page. So there, you do have to set it. But.

Okay. All right. Okay. Oh, and the beginning course should also be updated. Okay.

Let me work on this. And I think that's it. Jade, did you have anything else you can think of for this? No. Okay.

The only other thing I've got on my list is to help me figure out what I did wrong with that split market test declared the winner problem. I mean, I don't think you did anything wrong. It sounds like it was a ClickFunnels glitch. Like, there's no reason that declaring it should delete the entire page. I know.

That step was completely gone. I mean, we looked at it. Where did it go? So, Jade, when you restored it, how did you restore it? Where was it?

I didn't. When I went in, it was there. Oh. Really? Yeah.

Oh, my God. But when Lisa and I were looking at it, it was not there. It didn't exist. It was so crazy. I'll begin the US.

Okay. I got it. Cool. Thank you. That's brilliant.

Well done. Thank you, Teddy. You're welcome. All right. So, I'm just getting a page stats up here.

All right. So, one of the things that, you know, I've been struggling with is getting a good way to compile a dashboard for our stats, you know, because it's all fragmented. You know, some stuff are in ClickFunnels. Some stuff is in Infusionsoft. And, you know, there's just all sorts of different things that seem related and should match or, you know, or at least, you know, different parts of the process.

So, I'm going to show you one thing that I'm working on, and I just want to get your feedback on whether there's a better way to organize it. So, are you seeing my screen? Mm-hmm. All right. So, I started a few months ago, went back to January 2020, and, you know, started it sometime in the spring of this year, compiling stuff.

Now, we have one webinar that has been our workhorse for the last couple of years. We call it Pareto Webinar. It's about, you know, the 80-20 principle and what's the most important or useful thing for architects to learn and do, and, you know, has to do with messaging and offers. So, you know, what you say and, you know, sort of the sequence of what you say. Well, would you like this?

Would you like that? So, that's what the webinar is about. So, you know, we have registrations. We have show rates, you know, show ones. And, generally, you know, the show rate has been pretty good, 63% here right now.

You know, yeah, 63%. I don't know if that's still – yeah, it's total zero. So, interesting. The numbers are exactly the same. That's awesome.

Anyway, so these numbers, I had them side by side, and then I realized, you know, that it really would be good to see progressively, you know, the landing,
the number of people who landed, the number of people who opted in, so 17%, you know, registration rate, et cetera. And now, this is our strategy session booking, and this was our primary way to get strategy sessions. And so, you know, we can say what percentage of people who register actually do end up in a strategy session. Now, some of them go way up, like, you know, 40% because, like, in the previous month, we got a bunch of people who attended the webinar or booked for the webinar,
and then they, you know, they attended, and they eventually booked the following month. So, you know, numbers get a little skewed there.

But ultimately, you know, we're trying to, you know, that's been our primary go-to for getting people to say, yeah, I want to talk to your team about, you know, how I'd improve my business. Now, we recently ran, we ran a live webinar for, we call it the Million Dollar Message, and so it's really about a positioning statement to USP, you know, particular flavor of it. And that one, we'd run live in October, November, and the results at first weren't that, didn't look that great, and so we didn't pursue running it anymore. But then later, we looked at it and went, you know, actually, we got several sales. We got, like, six sales out of that, you know, and we're, since our sale price is, like, 8K, you know, 7K, 8K, you know, it's like, we should set this up with every webinar.

So in August, we ran it, and we promoted it heavily to our list, and we got, you know, 1,200 people to, you know, to register and, what is it, 800, you know, to attend. So now, all of a sudden, you know, we're looking at, you know, calculating conversion to registrations in a different way, because we have to say, well, how many came from Pareto? There were only 92 here compared to 1291, you know, so there's that. Now, we also had another webinar that has been more promoted just through, after someone opts in, it's part of, like, their onboarding sequence, you know, the first couple of weeks, they're told, you know, hey, we have a master class this week on such and such, and, you know, so it hasn't gotten nearly as much viewing, but I realized I should just, you know, really track all of these. And then recently, we've had lead magnets of different types, but one that probably is our best performing long-term that we have on our homepage, but we've also done Facebook ads, we call the architect marketing flowchart.

You know, so it's a graphic that shows things, and then there's, you know, a couple of pages that explain what each part is, you know. So one of the things, we had just seen that as, okay, we're getting people in, and we did have a self-liquidating funnel behind it for a while, but we found that was sometimes cannibalizing things, because people were saying, well, I haven't gone through this product I bought, you know, this very low-end product. So I don't want to talk to you about the big product, because I, you know, well, one of the other changes that we did, and it's been a big win for us in the last couple of months, and will be going forward, is on the thank you page for each of these, we put in, you know, something saying, congratulations, you've got this thing. And instead of trying to do an upsell to a product, we're saying, would you like a game plan call, you know, a strategy session call. And so immediately, they've taken one action, they haven't even watched the webinar, they haven't even consumed the flowchart, but we're saying, you know, if you'd like our help, figuring out what you should do, et cetera, et cetera.

And we're getting like four or 5% take rate on the game plan calls. Now, some people think, oh, I didn't actually mean to have a call, I just thought that was part of my signing up, you know, so we're having to triage out or, you know, that, but still, we're getting a lot of,
you know, a lot more strategy sessions than we have been. So now I have to track, you know, in terms of the flowchart, how this contributes to the strategy session. So that's our KPI, you know, our main thing is how many strategy sessions are we getting for a sales person each month, you know, and we've been targeting 30 per month. And some months during lean times, it's been 10, 15, 20.

Last month, we had like 75, like just a huge, you know, thing. So this is all being pulled from ClickFunnels and Infusionsoft. And it's taking, you know, I spent, you know, 20 minutes sort of pulling this data here and, you know, there's more stuff in this sheet, you know, so here's, I was trying to do conversions like registrations to bookings and then attendees to bookings and then strategy sessions held. So there's other stuff of, you know, what's our close rate, you know, all of those things to have sort of one, you know, relatively easy to see thing. Right.

So having done that and set this up, do you have some suggestions? Is there some tool that would simplify this? Is there some tool that would pull from ClickFunnels and Infusionsoft easily? We use Zapier a lot, so I know I can get stuff from Infusionsoft in there when there's a behavior, like someone opts in, I can, you know, do something. But I don't know about reporting, like once a month, you know, or, you know, so.

So, yeah. So, first of all, it's, unfortunately, it's not, it's not an easy or cheap problem to solve. But there is a way to solve it to a degree. So, because, because you're dealing with, you're dealing with a couple of things. Number one, obviously you're dealing with, you know, multiple sets of data that you got to get into, into one place.

And so, and then the, the other thing you're dealing with, which you, which you touched on is the cohort problem. Right, which is, like, of the people that registered for the webinar in January, even though they may not have scheduled the call for it, you know, until February, I still want to attribute them to the January webinar. And there's no easy way to do that this way, unfortunately, right? Like, unless you're, unless you, when you pull a report, you're like, all right, well, show me all the people that registered for the January webinar and attended anytime versus just looking at, show me all the people that scheduled for the webinar this month. And, and then trying to figure out where they came from, right?

So it's, that kind of stuff gets, gets super tricky without a high-end tool. So, so we use Domo, which again, is not cheap, right? It's, it's, it's $2,000 a month just for the license, the platform. And it was, it was about 30 grand to pay somebody to do the initial data setup and piping everything in there. That said, though, now that everything is in there, I can slice and dice all this data, however I want, right?

So I can not only see cohorted data of, you know, how many people bought this product and then how many of those scheduled and showed based on they bought that product during a certain month. I can then slice and dice that by lead source, by campaign, like, so the ability to slice and dice and the ability to define what data means to you inside of Domo is super valuable and super critical. So like, for instance, like if you wanted to track, you know, like, Hey, we want to see like, you know, what's, what's our front-end sales number versus our back-end sales number? Well, your front-end sales number might be, you might define it as, you know, sales generated on the same day the contact was created. Uh, or you might define it as sales on any sales on the, the date of their first order, uh, or you might define it as sales that only include these products, right?

There's a lot of different ways to define kind of that first order value kind of metric. Uh, so in Domo, you can create those rules kind of on the fly, which is, which is super nice. But again, you know, may, you know, if you're doing, you know, if you're over a million dollar company, it's probably worth looking at, uh, even though. Just FYI. So we started in 2013, you know, each of us had different backgrounds.

Uh, and there was a third partner for up until a couple of years ago, but, uh, you know, we were 1.1, 1.2 million for about three years. And then we've shrunk down. So we're more like seven, 800 K. Um, so, you know, I mean, those numbers are like, oh, that's a lot, but well, if it, if it helps us make good decisions, if it helps us optimize, then, you know, maybe not this year, but maybe we, you know. And so it's a question of a, how time consuming is this B is there data that you don't feel that you're not, that you're getting, or you're, you're, you're not getting accurately.

I mean, look, you can, you can pay a VA in the Philippines to plug in numbers, right? So, so from a time perspective, that that's not, that's not the problem. So as long as you're getting the data that you feel is necessary and you're, you're confident that it's fairly accurate, there isn't a necessity to go to that place. But for us, because, because we have so many different front end products, because all of our, all of our spend and customer acquisition is coming through paid ads. Like we got to know our AOV and lifetime value down to the science and be exact.

And, you know, sometimes we want to exclude the recurring revenue or the payment plan. Sometimes we don't. So the ability to kind of define those rules was critical for us. So we didn't go to Domo, like I, we've used Grafly for some reporting of Infusionsoft, and I still have an account there, but, and that was, that'll be a question I want to, you know, ask about it separately. But I've also heard about Wicked Reports.

And I know Todd has mentioned that, and that's like 400 bucks a month or, I don't know, something, is, is that, would that provide some? Yeah, so, so yeah, so yes, it will provide more insight. But again, we got to the point. So we, we've always used Grafly. I still use Grafly.

And I still use it for just, if I want to do a quick report, usually a tag value per lead based on a tag being applied kind of report. Um, segmetrics was another good one that, you know, along with Grafly, but so that, that's where we were at, right? We were paying for Grafly, $300 a month. We were paying for segmetrics, $300 a month. We were paying for Wicked, $500 a month.

We're like, you know, for that kind of money, like, let's just build the ultimate solution that we need. Uh, so it made sense for us. Um, we have since, because of everything that's going on with Facebook and the pixels and iOS and,
like, the Facebook data is so out of whack that we had to actually bring out and we started using Hyros. Um, which is Hyros, H-Y-R-O-S, uh, which is very similar to Wicked, but Hyros is a, uh, a little bit nicer. So Hyros doesn't have like the dashboard type reporting stuff that, that Wicked has, but what Hyros does is it gets, it gets much more.

It seems to get, we've only been using it for a couple of weeks. So this is a little premature, but it seems to get much more accurate conversion tracking. And what it does is it has a, a Chrome plugin so that when you're in the Facebook ad manager, it is overlaying the right conversion data in ad manager. So you can make better decisions. So, you know, stuff like recurring payments and pay plans and all that, uh, is being attributed properly back to the original campaign they came from and, and stuff like that, which Wicked does as well, but Wicked doesn't have that overlay feature.

Um, and Hyros also does, they kind of handle the conversion API integration. So they're sending all the conversions back to Facebook server side to help. Okay. So to help the algorithm learn. All right.

So there are, so are obviously different tools. Each one has pros and cons, including cost and setup and all of that, which I understand. Um, so, uh, since we do have graphly and, you know, I'm pretty familiar with just how to set things up, but we haven't actively been using it for a few years. We've just been paying for it, you know, uh, and, uh, and we're only paying a hundred bucks a month. So I think we were, we have a legacy price based on, you know, um, anyway, uh, so I may just, well, we see how far I can go with it in terms of a Google sheet or, you know, let's just say getting a VA.

You know, we do have a VA in the Philippines, um, you know, to, to fill this in, uh, you know, one of the things is that, uh, Google sheet, you can't collapse and expand, you know, um, you can hide columns and things like that. But, uh, you know, is there a tool that, that would be similar that would allow you to, you know, expand when you want to see it and collapse? I mean, I know I could put each of these in a separate sheet and then do some summary things, but, but actually it is nice to be able to, you know, look at, all right, well, how many registrations did we have? Oh, let's look at the full, you know, thing and, you know, click expand. Um, uh, so, so there, there is, there's a tool called smart sheet, uh, which I used to use.

Which we have an account for, but we don't use very much, but that wouldn't, would do that. But, but, but that lets you expand and collapse rows, I believe, not columns. All right. That's right. So, so, so, but I mean, you could also, you could always flip things around too, right?

You could put the dates across the top and the values down, down the sidebar. Uh, so that could potentially be one way to do it. Okay. Yeah. We, we, we've, we've used smart sheet.

I'm familiar with that. So that would be, is that the main alternative? That's the only one I can think of. That's just, you know, uh, you know, a hypercharged spreadsheet that let, that'll let you collapse and group that kind of, like, I don't think that's, I don't necessarily think that that's your,
your problem, uh, potentially like, you know, I think what you have here is certainly workable. Like, like we said, it's, it's a manual process.

That's the only problem. Uh, and, and you don't get the cohorting feature, but being able to expand or collapse columns isn't, or rows isn't going to fix the cohorting problem anyways. That's just. Yeah. So, I mean, I'm not, I'm not particularly concerned with the cohort.

I just want to sort of say, well, ultimately over time, um, are all three of these webinars, you know, doing a reasonable job? Or do we just say, you know, this one, like CAS, you really hasn't done much for us and we should just pull it out and replace it with something else. You know, that, like, I don't know what decisions we're going to make as we, you know, get a little bit more sophisticated with our, you know, lead gen and tracking. Yeah. I mean, that, that's the bigger thing, right.

Is, is to always kind of work back the same way, you know, you work backwards when you build out a campaign from the goal being that they purchase and what do I got to do to get them to buy and kind of working backwards from that. It's the same thing with all the tracking and analytics. Like, you know, so the, so just to give you some insight, like the way that we actually run the company is, is very, is very metric driven. Uh, it's based on Gino Wickman's EOS. I don't know if you've read the book Traction.

Uh, so let me write that down. What, who, uh, it's Gino Wickman. The book is called Traction. Uh, so Gino, how do you spell Gino? G I N O.

And then Wickman. Yep. Um, and then Traction. Yep. Uh, and so, so basically, you know, we have, so he came up with the entrepreneurial operating system.

It's called EOS. It's basically, it's basically how you run meetings and, and how you kind of run the company. Right. So, um, so every, so we have, we have a quarterly pulse where we figure out what the objectives are for the pulse. I mean, for that, for the next quarter.

Quarterly pulse, did you say? Yeah. Quarterly pulse, right? This is all part of his framework. Yeah.

But so it's a quarterly meeting. We're going to plan out like, you know, what are we doing for the next quarter? Um, and, and based on what the objectives are for the next quarter, those objectives are going to have a KPI associated with them. Right. So, uh, let me see what we're kind of working on right now.

Um, so everybody on the team. So this applies to each department, right? So we have our leadership team, we have our marketing team, we have our coaching team. And so each department, those are all departments. Each department has its own set of objectives and what we call rocks, right?

So what's the big project that they got to get done that month. And then how is that rock going to be measured, uh, in terms of success and how are we going to measure that, uh, you know, weekly to, to know whether we're on track or off track. Um, right. And so what we end up doing is here, I'll just share my screen real quick. Gosh, this will be valuable for both values valuable to you as well.

So, uh, so, so, so EOS, there, there is a software that's kind of built specifically for EOS called traction tools, which is kind of what we use to, to kind of manage things. Can you see my screen? No, no, I can. Yeah. Yeah.

All right. So, so basically every Monday we have our, our leadership level 10 meeting and basically we're looking at, so the, for, you know, for this quarter, we're looking at top line revenue. We've got a goal for the, for every week of what we're trying to hit, how many first time buyers are trying to hit that week? How many strategy sessions that we schedule that week? How many coaching enrollments?

Um, we're doing a workshop this quarter. So how many workshop buyers did we enroll and what percent of the coaching clients are renewing? Right. And so I'm going back and looking at old data here, but, you know, we either hit or miss that data, uh, you know, that, that number every week, it'll either be red or green. If we miss it, we talk about why we missed it and what we're going to do to change it.

Uh, and if we hit it, we're all good. Right. But, um, but so fundamentally we all have rocks and projects that are designed to move these numbers. And that's pretty much how we run the company, right? It's for this quarter.

These are the only things we're focused on. These are the only metrics we're focused on. And these will change every quarter based potentially based on, on what we're doing and how we're doing things. But, um, this is, this is how we run things. Um, and so, you know, we review our rocks every week and, you know, it's a question of, you know, are you on track or off track with your rocks?

Um, let's see if it's in here. So, you know, the, the meeting starts with a segue. Everybody talks, you know, again, it's a Monday meeting. Hey, you know, what was your personal and professional best last week? Then we review the scorecard.

Then we review the rocks. I can't go in here, unfortunately. But, you know, so I've got a couple of projects I'm working on this quarter. One was to, to launch the mobile app for the coaching program. One was to do a legal audit of all of our stuff.

Right. And, you know, Todd's working on a campaign. Damien's working on the sales team. Like each of us has a project that we're driven. We talk about people, systems, and headlines.

So, you know, anybody on the team do something that we want to recognize them for? Did we, you know, play with any new tools or sign up for any new tools or did anything break in the systems? That kind of stuff. We go over the offers and promotions. And then we go over the to-do list for that week, which typically comes out of the IDS session, which is the main part of the meeting.

So the main part of it, so as we're, you know, as we review the scorecard, if one of those numbers is off, we'll raise that as an issue. And then we'll talk about that issue under IDS. And we'll just kind of do-
What does IDS stand for? IDS is identify, define, and solve, basically. Right.

So there's an issue, you know, our sales number's off or our, you know, number of schedule calls is off. What do we got to do to fix it this week? And we'll brainstorm ideas and ways to fix it. And we'll come up with an action plan and then we'll create a to-do list based on that action plan. And then next week we'll review, you know, did it move the numbers?

So, you know, but going back to that scorecard, like I fundamentally have a page set up in Domo. This is a different account, but I have a page like this set up in Domo where I can pull those numbers really quickly every Monday morning and put them into that sheet. So I know what I'm reviewing, right? But that's how we run the company. Yeah.

I really appreciate, you know, getting a glimpse of that. Yeah. And it's worked out great. I mean, I will tell you that, like, you know, we don't have a ton of unnecessary meetings. Like, like we literally don't talk to each other for the rest of the meet for the rest of the week, other than through Slack.

There's no, there's no emails back and forth. There's no unnecessary meetings. Like, everything's handled on that Monday call in an hour and a half. And we've got our marching orders for the week and we just all get it done. Okay, thank you.

So basically, right now, thinking about what's going to help me make decisions for stuff and just for right now, just fill us in, get a VA, a system for a VA to do it. And then at some point, start looking at some of these other tools like Wicked or Hyros or Domo eventually. Yeah, actually, I mean, let me share something else with you. And this is still a work in progress, but, you know, I can tell you, you work and think a lot like me. So this might be valuable to you as well.

By the way, my animal communication is pretty good here. Where is the right page? Okay. Have you played with Notion at all yet? No.

Okay. So Notion is kind of like Airtable meets WordPress in some ways. It's a very unique system where it's very database driven, but it also allows you to kind of build pages around the data and really kind of take the data and surface it on dashboards for the team in various different ways. But I just wanted to give you kind of more of the overall structure of the way we structure things in here, which is, like I said, the whole company is based on quarters, right? So I've got a table here for each quarter and each quarter is going to have key objectives, right?

So whatever our objectives are for the month, those objectives then have a project behind the objective. The project obviously has action items that need to be completed, and there are also KPIs that are tied to the objective. So this table is basically linking out to the other tables below it, right? So we've got a quarters table. We've got the key objectives.

The key objectives, you know, what department is it in? What quarter is it happening? What are the KPIs that we're going to use to determine whether that objective was met? What's the actual target that we're trying to meet? What are the projects related to meeting that objective?

What are the action items related to the project that meets that objective? So this is just a very interesting piece of software that kind of lets you, you know, you build everything out in individual tables. You know, so we've got our KPIs table. We've got our projects table. We've got our action items table.

But it also lets you, you know, have different views of that data. And ultimately, like the nice thing is the way that you can just kind of roll things up. Like, so, you know, at the objectives level, I can see all the projects that are related to that objective, even though it's in a different table. And I can pull in all the action items. And then from there, I can create dashboards for departments based on, so let's say our leadership team dashboard, where I can see all the key objectives just for the leadership.

Like, like these are global tables, right? So there may be projects in here for our marketing team. There may be projects in here for our coaching team. Maybe projects in here for our support team. Those don't get surfaced on this dashboard.

This dashboard is only the leadership team's projects. And that's just because it's filtering to only. So how deep does it go in terms of describing a project or a KPI? Is it just a bullet item or is it? So that's the thing about it, right?

So for anything in here, like if I go into projects, like let's say the build the mobile app, so that's got all the properties, right? These are basically all the data columns. But then down here, this kind of becomes essentially like a WordPress page or even like a Trello page to some degree. And you can create templates, right? So if I wanted to create, I can pre-populate this project with a template that will include its own little internal tasks database.

This template wasn't a very good template. So again, this is a work in progress, still kind of building this out. But in here, I can add whatever, right? Like I can add video. Like Notion gives you very WordPress type stuff.

I can add text. I can add a to-do list. I can add headings, bullets, quotes, mention people, add dates of reminders, embed other tables, and then just have a filtered view of that table or have a table in a different view type, like a Kanban board or whatever. So it's super powerful. It's kind of like Infusion where there's, you know, 50 different ways you can do something and just kind of up to your own personal preferences.

So it's kind of a hybrid of Airtable and Trello and WordPress, kind of all in one. But the bigger thing I was just trying to just instill was like this idea of, you know, running the company by quarters. Each quarter has a bunch of objectives. Those are all driven by projects, but everything is tied to a KPI, right? There's like, otherwise, what's the point of doing it, right?

Like if you can't tie a KPI to it, there shouldn't be an objective because how are you going to know whether it was successful if you can't tie a KPI to it to some degree, right? You know, and some of them are abstract. Like we had an objective to invest in the sales team culture and, you know, host an in-person meeting with the sales team. What's the KPI on that? Well, you know, technically their attitude should get better and they're more committed to the team.

So, you know, they'll stay as employees longer, but that's a little bit kind of, you know, an obtuse KPI to kind of track. Ideally, their sales percentage would go up, right? But just thinking about things in this way has been valuable to us and it's taken us a long time to get here. So that's why I'm sharing it now, just to hopefully shortcut some of it for you. Well, I appreciate just the glimpse.

I mean, I have to think, you know, when would we be complex enough to require something like this? Or at least just thinking about, you know, right now we're the two partners and we have about four people working for us, you know, and they're not even full-time. Only one of them is full-time. So, you know, anyway, so it's... The only other thing I would say, you know, Notion is designed to be kind of like, certainly you can use it for the team.

It's actually designed more to be a personal productivity tool in a lot of ways, right? So building out tables and databases of just like, you know, what are my to-do items, both personal and professional that I'm working on? But the structure would be the same, right? Like, hey, I've got my life planned out. All right, this quarter I want to focus on, hey, I want to build a new deck out on my boathouse.

I want to, you know, generate, you know, 10 grand from investing in crypto. I need to finish this project for work. Like, so you can follow the same structure even on a personal level, you know, if you do that sort of planning. And then, you know, doing weekly reviews, monthly reviews, quarterly reviews. And that's kind of how it kind of started.

And now it's being used more at the team level. But it's just a good way, because of the way that it interlinks things. Like, for instance, we have this master map, right? So this is basically like our master tags database. And so what's nice is, you know, as I assign these tags across any of those other tables, I can then kind of look at this table and say, all right, you know, let me see everything related to coaching, right?

And when I open this up, I would see all the profit, I would see all the objectives related to coaching, all the projects related to coaching, all the resources related to coaching, all the ideas related to coaching. Like, it kind of rolls everything up so that you're taking all your knowledge and you're structuring it and organizing it systematically. But you have a way to kind of find it all later on and kind of go back and reference it. So, yeah. Okay.

Thank you for. There's a girl on YouTube. Her name is Marie Polin, P-O-U-L-I-N. She's got a ton of free videos on this stuff. And like, she's somebody I would definitely recommend, you know, just kind of seeing what she's doing with it.

She talks through a lot of the ways. What's the pricing on the tool itself? Notion is actually relatively affordable. Into a tab that I'm not logged into it. Kind of like Trello, there's like a free version and then there's more if you add users.

Yeah. So personal use is zero. Personal pro is $4 a month. Team is $8 per person per month. Okay.

Yeah. Very cheap. Good. I'm going to have to go, but this has been great. I'll be back on other meetings.

Um, so, uh, yeah, there's definitely, I can see, uh, there are other things I'll be asking, of course, to follow up. So I'm happy to help. All right. Thanks, Teddy. Have a good weekend.

Nice meeting you, Val. And like, it's just Val. Yeah. My voice needed to go outside. So I'm like, okay.

Okay. Hang on. All right. Hey, Danny. All right.

Well, you know. Um, working. Uh, yeah. I kind of like to check our stats with you. Let's take a quick look at what's happening.

Sure. Um, we keep working on improving these, the funnel, the main opt-in funnel. And, um, I have forgotten how to make a template. Um, let's see. So a quick refresher on that one would be great.

Um, but I think this beginning course funnel is about ready. I just found, uh, um, a pricing error on one of the products. So we'll get that sorted out. And then retest it. And then I think we'll be ready to, ready to go.

Just remember the price pricing gets, the price that gets charged is what is an infusion,
not what is in click funnels. Aha. Okay. Good. Thank you so much.

Um, if we change it in click funnels to match what's an infusion soft. Uh, yeah. What I'm saying is in click funnels, it's basically just text on a page. It's a meaningless number. Well, it's text on a page and it's a number that'll be used in the order value in the
reporting.

Okay. Um, but it doesn't actually control what they get charged at all. Okay. I'm going to make a quick note to Jade. She may, she probably knows that, but I don't remember that.

Uh, IFS controls the actual price charged. Not for yet. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much.

All right. Let me, uh, if you don't mind, let me share my screen and where are we? Click funnels. That's the one. Okay.

Here we go. So. All right. So if I want, let's say I wanted to make a template out of this page. How would I do that?

Like edit page. Edit page. Go under general settings. Okay. All right.

Save pages template. Well, my goodness, that was easy. Okay, cool. Thank you so much. I knew.

No, remember it doesn't save the product. You have to reset up the products. You have to reset up the, the, the URL, all that kind of stuff, but it'll, it'll copy the,
it'll copy the page, but actually go back into the page for a minute. Let me show you something else too, real quick while we're in here. That may be helpful.

So you can copy the entire page, but you can also just save sections or rows. So if you hover over, right. So the. So, so this would have been useful as I just copied it piece by piece. So.

You can copy. So you can only copy sections or rows. So the blue, the blue border stuff, right. Like. Okay.

So. Would be here. Yeah. So see the little disc icon. Yeah.

Yeah. So that, that allows. So, so again, you got, you got the blue border and then you got. No. Go back.

What happened? That's the blue border. Yeah. But you didn't. So just, you got to slow down and not it's, it's fragile.

All right. Right. So the only place you can click save from is right there. You can't do it. Oh, here.

Yeah. Here. Yes. Oh, ah. So that'll save that row.

That'll basically save that two column row with everything in it. And then you could paste that into another page or you can say, do the same thing with a section. So a section typically can contain multiple rows. Um, blue border or, uh, so not green. Yeah.

Green would be. So if you hover kind of just a little bit outside this blue border, you'll get the green border. Yes. Okay. Green or blue borders.

Okay. Uh, and then what you would do is, and then if you wanted to add that to a page, uh, so just save, you can save this one for now, just real quick. Just click save. Okay. So this is, uh, just call it to, yeah, uh, yeah, whatever PC orders, which looks like you might've already saved it once.

But if, all right, great. Click save row. And now, uh, go somewhere on the page where you can add a new row. Down. No, that's an element.

You want to add a row. Um, no, that's a section. Yeah. No, you want the blue, you want the blue plus blue. Oh, there it is.

And the rose, you know, where it says my rose all the way on the right. There you go. That's where you can select it from. And then you just click on it and it'll add it. Okay.

Interesting. So these, these are the only templates we've ever saved. Those are the only three, three rows you've ever saved. Yes. In this funnel or across funnels.

In this account. In this click funnels account. In the, in the total account. Oh, interesting. Now you might've saved sections, right?

So if you go to add a section, it's the same, same process, same thing, but. Okay. But yeah, so you can say pages, sections, or rows. Okay. All right.

Okay. So, and you said I have to reset products, integration. I have to reset everything. Everything. Yeah.

If you, you know, if you, if you save a, an opt-in page, you've got to reconnect the form. If you save an order form page, you've got to reset up the products. If you save an upsell page, you've got to reconnect the upsell. Okay. Got it.

All right. Okay. So the, the next thing I would like us to review is, let me quick save that just for
the fun of it. And all right. So split test.

So if I'm going to, let's see, what do we have? Let's go here. All right. So if I created a variation to test, I simply do that here. Yes.

Create the variation, duplicate the page. Change, change the page URL, get a little gear icon. This one. Yes. Okay.

So what's this supposed to say? The name doesn't necessarily, I mean, you can change it if you want. It doesn't hurt. Or help version two. How about that?

And then this one should be begin dash us1 dash yelp dash v. Perfect. Yes. Yep. Okay.

So split set path. I'm making a couple of notes. Okay. So let's say we're declaring this one the winner. Mm-hmm.

Um, I think you told, you said last time that we could either make this a template or we
could archive it. Correct. Okay. So how would we, can you talk me through that process? I just, I'm sorry.

I just, I thought I knew what I was doing. So the save page is template is what we just did, right? So that's, that's how you would save it as a template. But the, there's, there's three options. There's save, save, save the page as a template.

Uh, the minute you declare any page a winner, it will archive it and it'll show up in a little
list down below those, those three buttons. Uh, and you're able to restore it pretty much at any time. Uh, okay. And, or you don't have to archive it. If you could just shut off traffic to it, kind of the way you have it right now, where
a hundred percent of the traffic's going to the control and no traffic's going to the
variation.

Okay. Got it. Okay. And then the wintering page, I shouldn't have to reset anything on that. It should be good to go.

Um, yeah, yeah, it doesn't, declaring a winner doesn't change the, you're not creating a new
page, not creating a new step in the funnel basically. Yeah. That, that's what I expected, but with the glitch, with us, let's just call it a glitch. Um, when I declared the winning opt-in page and then it disappeared, that whole step disappeared. You sure you didn't click like remove from funnel?

I don't think so. Anyway, just, and just so you know what that button, just so you know what that button does,
right? So if you click remove from funnel, it doesn't delete the page. It just moved, scroll down to the bottom. So it removes it from the flow and it puts it down under that other funnel steps drop down
list.

So it's, it's still there. It's just not in, uh, so, so what's happening down here, just so you know, and this is,
basically whenever you set up a product, ClickFunnels automatically creates a thank you page for
it. Nobody ever sees that page. Nobody ever goes to that page. Those pages aren't set up, but it dumps them down there in, it's just a legacy thing from
why it does it.

I don't know. It's stupid, but it creates all those stupid thank you pages. Um, but if you click the remove from funnel button, it doesn't delete the page. It just puts it down in this list, kind of out of, out of view, out of sight, out of
mind kind of thing, but it's still there. Okay.

Got it. And just so you know, like, like the URL doesn't change. Right. So even if you moved it out of the funnel, uh, and you had other stuff linking to it, or
one of the order forms was still set to redirect to it. Like it was, the page is still available at that URL.

It doesn't, it's just, it's not in the flow and it's not in the reporting. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it.

Got it. Okay. Super. I think that's all I needed. I think this is ready to test.

Um, and hopefully launch. Would that be nice? That would be nice. Um, okay. So I think that's all we needed today, Teddy.

Thank you. Okay. Awesome. Cool. All right.

Cool. All right. I will talk to you next, next week. I will, I will be just coming back from vacation. So I will, should be either very sunburned, uh, or very high or both.

Where are you going? In the Dominican Republic. Oh my goodness. Oh, that's fun. All right.

Well, have fun, be safe. And, uh, we're looking forward to seeing your sun, sunburned, hearing the stories. Awesome. All right. Thank you so much, Teddy.

You're welcome. Bye. Okay. Bye. Bye.
