---
title: "Tech 2021-12-01 23:00:30"
date: 2021-12-02
duration: 2h 13m
duration_seconds: 8024
vimeo_id: 652283465
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-12-01 23:00:30

**Date:** 2021-12-02 | **Duration:** 2h 13m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. How's it going, Mr. Coaching Department? How's it going, Mr. Coaching Department?

It cracks me up that it says that. How was Thanksgiving? Good. How was yours? Good.

That was good. Ours was nice and uneventful and not at our house, which is the best way to have it. That was not the best. I go to my sister-in-law up in Northern California. My niece, the nephew, brother-in-law, all of it, love them to pieces.

She does a dress rehearsal for Thanksgiving. Just for us, not a thing. She does it the week before and she cares so much about it. She cooks for 24 hours. Then it was 8 a.m.

day of Thanksgiving. I was like, hey, Erica, what time of day is it good for me to give you the empty offer to help you? As I do every year. Is it now or is it like 10 a.m.? You know.

She's like, no, it's fine. I'm like, okay, cool. Do you need my help? Great. Let's start mimosas.

That's awesome. Did you get my email? I did get your email. Unfortunately, it's not something I can help you fix. Okay.

I don't know what it means, except something's happening. Yeah, so the question would be, first of all, like, how far off are they? And it's actually interesting that it's overreporting because it's usually doing it. It's usually underreporting. I know, underreporting.

But, yeah, the way the integration is set up, like ClickFunnels manages all that. I have no way to change and get them to pass the deduplication information that Facebook wants, unfortunately. So that's a ClickFunnels help question, you think? Yeah, you could try to bring it to their support. I'm sure millions of people have already raised it to them.

Why they haven't addressed it, I don't know. Probably. They're probably waiting. There's a new version of ClickFunnels that they're getting ready to release at some point, I think, in January. So my guess is the fix is probably in there, and they're probably trying to stop fixing this version.

My guess, I don't know. How's that going to be different? Do you know? Oh, it's quite a bit different. Actually.

Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty much a rewrite from the ground up. Wow. But, like, you know, like, even the way right now where you have to kind of reset up the product every time, like, there will be a central place where you set up products.

And then you can resell that thing multiple times, and you'll be able to kind of build, like, flow charts, right? So when you're presenting an upsell, you can check if they already bought that thing and present them with something else or things like that. So, oh, wow. So fancy. It's going to get a little fancier.

Yeah. Exciting. So, okay. Well, let's chat about something else then. I'm going to share my screen.

Share. Share. Okay. So, this. Hold on.

Let me close this. Bring up ClickFunnels. And then this thing. Okay. I don't know what the heck it means, but I saw it on someone's website, and I thought it looked really nice.

Is this true for ClickFunnels? Secure with Stripe? So, the one on the right is secure. I mean, is correct. SSL certified one?

This one? Yeah. Yeah. The one on the left, I am not 100%. Like, you know, the problem with those badges, you just got to be careful of, like, some of them are designed where you can actually click through on them, and it actually shows that it's validated.

And so, if somebody. No, I just want to do it in the little, you know, to show, like, say, secure payment gateway, something or other. Yeah. You could definitely use the one on the right. That one wouldn't be an issue.

Okay. Cool. I mean, I wouldn't know what it was as a, you know, random user. Okay. Should we look at stat?

Yeah. See where we're at here? Okay. I've been so in the depths of Cyber Week, I have not looked at my stats at all. So, let's see.

Order form. I guess. Variation is the two-step. Is the two-step, which is converting. Yeah.

So, it's converting lower, and it actually seems to have potentially more. 25. Yeah. It also has more failures, it looks like. More failures?

Yeah. So, like, the 25 is the people that completed the first part of the two-step. Uh-huh. Right. And then the 10 is the ones that actually finished the transaction.

So, you're losing more than half. Oh, I see. Seven out of seven. Right. Mm-hmm.

Well, no. I mean, I guess on the flip side, it's seven out of 18, if you look at the other one, because
they don't have to opt in. They just come to the order form. They see everything. Mm-hmm.

So, the reason I want to make the choice and, right now, make the choice for the variation
is because I would love for us to set up the abandoned cart flow together today. I got it all set. Okay. So, I figure we can maybe always go back, or once we have the abandoned cart or something,
we can, I don't know, something else. But I want to start doing the abandoned cart.

Okay. So, we go back to steps. Mm-hmm. And we go to order form. And just click on that to declare it?

To declare it as a winner? Yes. Yeah. Just click. Mm-hmm.

I'm sure. No whammy, no whammy. Stop. Okay. Cool.

Right on. I hate this little menu thing. Okay. So, oh, please hold. Mm-hmm.

I don't have my charger. Sorry. Good. I never have my charger. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Close. Close. Okay, so this is the draft I created.

And then I had a question for you
before we even zap or however we're gonna do it. And that is, okay, so preview. I know what to do, like I'm just gonna,
right now it's whatever dynamically create. I'm just gonna put in a static thing and it's place. Same thing here.

How does it know to return to the cart? Okay, so it's two things. So the way that they're gonna enter this flow
we'll have to, because there's no integration
between Klaviyo and ClickFunnels. So the way they're gonna have to enter this flow
will be from a form being submitted. Okay.

And then when the purchase happens,
we'll have to use Zapier to notify Klaviyo
Klaviyo that they purchased. So how we have it set up now
is we have a flow. So basically when someone makes a purchase,
it's this flow. Okay. I probably have this all set up poorly.

Like I don't even know if they feed
into my regular Big B, Little B list. I hope they don't because if they do,
then they drop into a welcome series,
which would be weird. Right. Yeah. So we just have to kind of look at,
so the,
go into the customer thank you one for a minute.

No, just kidding. Yeah. So when someone subscribes to ClickFunnels customers,
right. So,
so we would change the,
so,
okay. So go back to the other one.

The abandoned cart. Yeah. All right. So instead of the conditional split there,
that has,
has ordered product once at least. Wait,
why is it even doing that?

So anyway,
the check there would be,
are they on that ClickFunnels customer list yet? Right. Once they buy it,
they get added to the ClickFunnels customer list. So that's what this campaign would be looking for to determine whether or not to,
to keep sending. Okay.

So what do I add? So you would just change that condition. So click on the. This one? Yeah.

Okay. Someone has done her. So what are the other options? What someone has done or not done? It should be,
yeah.

It should be subscribed to list. Subscribed to. Subscribed to list. At least one. Which list?

Which list? Yeah. At least one. And starting this flow. Click on that filter icon.

Oh, okay. Cool. Back. We're list. So if they join that list.

Okay. And starting this flow. Okay. It,
that's the,
okay. Yeah.

Okay. Okay. So they got their abandoned cart because they didn't check. Okay. When checkout started.

That's going to change too,
but we'll fix it. Oh,
okay. Sorry. But,
and then,
yeah,
you got to fix the other one down here too. This one,
same thing.

Yep. Okay. When someone,
where was subscribe? I thought it was up here. So we're subscribe to list.

Filter. Where. List. Equal. Click funnels.

Customer. At least once. And starting this flow. Thanks. Perfect.

All right. Great. So that will take care of those. Now go back up to the first part. Well,
first of all,
even before you change the,
so save and exit.

And so is there a form build? Yeah. There's a signup form. Yeah. So let's use the signup form.

Yeah. Let's use the signup forms. Oh,
you mean create one. Yeah. Oh,
okay.

Like I said,
there's a signup form. I'm like,
no. Yeah. So let's create a signup form. Build from scratch.

Just call it a click funnels. Two-step opt-in. We might need to make a new list. Unfortunately. Unfortunately.

Just go ahead and choose the Big B newsletter or whatever for right now. So let's just add a first name fields to it. Yeah. Yeah. We just add a first name fields to it.

Under add blocks. Text input. Can I drag? I can't remember. Oh, yeah.

No. Yeah. Just drag it up above the email box. And then under profile properties,
select first name. Should be good for now.

Can I delete that thing? Yep. Okay. And then make it published. It says draft.

There we go. That's not what I want though. I want the actual form code. Crap. Well, wait.

Hold on. Can I close this? Or do I have to publish it? Yeah. It's not going to give us what we need.

So. Click on the styles thing for a minute. Form type. Pop up. Fly out.

All right. That's not going to work. All right. Exit. Exit out.

Yep. Exit out of here. You can delete it. All right. Let's create a new list.

My list and set here. Call it click funnels. Click funnels abandons or click funnels two steps,
whatever. So you don't know what it is. And then we're going to probably have to go into Zapier.

Let me see something. One second. Okay. All right. And then we're going to probably have to go into Zapier.

Let me see something. One second. One second. One second. Marla.

Marla. You good? Thank you. All right. Let's see if this is getting to work.

All right. So create his app. Click funnels. Click funnels. And let's see what we got for events here.

And then new contact activity. Yep. And so we're going to select that funnel. Forever in it. All right.

And the funnel step is the order form. Okay. This one, I guess. Yep. Yep.

That one. Go ahead and test. Okay. It's fun. All right.

And continue. Clavio. No, no. Sorry. Select Clavio.

Oh, I see where you're playing. All right. Okay. All right. Okay.

Let's go ahead and select Clavio. Oh, I see where you're playing. All right. Okay. All right.

Okay. Add subscriber. What the heck? What is that? I don't know.

That's probably your account though. Yeah. It's all I have. I only have one account. Choose the two-step and then click on the email field.

Select the email down there. Do the first name, you can do whatever other fields you have. I don't see if there's a first name field, click show all options. Yeah. Mm-hmm.

Nice. That's all. Might as well pop. I mean, if they're there, it'll populate them. If not, it won't.

But just put in last name and phone number. Since those get collected on the first step, typically. Last name. Phone number. Done.

Oh yeah. Continue. Don't, don't do a test because that'll put her into it. We don't want to put her into it. So you can skip test.

Yep. Skip test. Want to name it the top left. What's this called? Click funnels, cart abandoned, or two-step abandoned.

What? Great. Either two-step or cart abandoned, whatever is going to make more sense to you. So you know what it is. Wait, two-step cart abandonment?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. To Clavio.

What? So it's the click funnels, cart abandonment to Clavio, just so you know. Oh, got it. Okay. Okay.

And then turn it on. On. On. On. Great.

X out. Yep. All right, now go to, so go back to Clavio. Go into the flow. Edit the abandoned cart one.

And then let's change that first trigger step. Uh, crap. Oh, because it's a Shopify. I see. Click.

Can you click on that and see if you can change it? Uh, go, go back to the flow. It's in your other tab. Mm-hmm. Yeah.

Uh. Manage. What's it say under manage flow? So yeah. Hey, back populate.

Detail now. Is there a way to add another trigger to a flow? Do you know? Another. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. There is. Um. Wait.

Hold on. Trigger set up. Hold on. I'm going to save and exit for a second. Okay.

I'm going to go back in it. Let it flow. And then it was, um, trigger split. You mean that? Mm-hmm.

Maybe. Try it. Let me try to put it. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. There is. Um. Wait.

Hold on. Nope. That didn't work. Probably goes after it. Hmm.

Okay. But they'd have to start checkout. Mm-hmm. Right. And it would start checkout in Shopify.

Can these things split in your Facebook based on characteristics of a trigger? Yeah. What I was hoping for was that you could delete that trigger. Trigger filter. Right.

Trigger filter. Sorry. I'm clicking and you probably don't want me to. No, no. That's fine.

Uh. Yeah. I don't see an obvious way to click on it again. It's fine. Yeah.

There's. Preview trigger. Now. Now I'm just annoying. Sorry.

Hold on. What's the preview trigger setup? What I just do? What did I do? No, the button below there.

Oh, when I was. The one that says. Oh, this. This thing. Got it.

Uh. Can I uncheck this? No. Let me close that. Uh.

All right. So are those emails saved as like templates or something where they're easier to repopulate? You mean all these guys? Yeah, I have. I have this exact flow right now.

I just cloned my Shopify abandoned cart. I didn't build a custom. Got it. Yeah. I have.

I have this exact flow right now. I just cloned my Shopify abandoned cart. I didn't build a custom. Got it. Got it.

Got it. So maybe we start a whole new. Yeah. We started a new one. I'm just trying to make sure that those templates, we don't have to recreate from scratch.

If you could just. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, I don't have them saved as template. Can we do something like that? Possibly. Click edit. Not really.

Kind of easy to. Totally easy to. Search content, edit content. Save as template. Bam.

I would prefix it with something like cart abandoned one. Okay. Okay. So that's all. Okay.

Yeah. Great. Okay. Great. Great.

Great. Go to my next one. What did I do? Edit. Wait.

What did I do? Edit. What did I do? Edit. Edit.

Edit. Right here. Save as template. Wait, what did I do? Edit.

Edit. Right here. Save as template. Okay. Okay.

A no. Create no. You had three emails in there. No, it's because the last one, I have a question for you. I just mocked it up.

Remember, we were talking about like, give them something at the end,
give them a discount or whatever, whatever. It's a little too complicated for me right now,
because free shipping is easy for my Shopify because they didn't get free
shipping, but on this, they get free shipping. So it's too hard. So this one's going to be two for now. Okay.

So yeah, create a new flow. Create from scratch. Where do you see that? Oh, there. Cool.

Quick funnels, two-step abandon. Sounds so dramatic. Two-step abandon. Create flow. Yep.

One day, hopefully you'll teach me what a tag is. I mean, I don't know anything about that. Okay. Campaigns and flows is all I know. Okay.

All right. So yeah. So select the flow trigger when they're added to a specific list. Yeah. The two-step opt-in.

Okay. And then, you don't have to restrict anything. Actually, go to flow filters. Restrict. Let me see if we can add a flow filter condition.

Someone is in or not in a list. Mm-hmm. And person is not in the, it's not in the customers. Click finals customers. Yeah.

I'm with you. I'm with you. All right. Awesome. Cool.

Save. Okay. Done. Wait. Add a time delay.

Mm-hmm. Two hours. Then you're going to check for, so do the conditional split first. No. Okay.

And then my split is. Wait. Come back. Let the condition. Um, when someone has done or not done.

Correct. Or, or actually is someone is or is not in a list. Okay. Okay. Is not.

Right. So if they're not. This is confusing language. Done is not in ClickFunnels customers yet. Right.

Okay. So they're not. So this is confusing. Is not in ClickFunnels customers yet, right? Correct.

Okay. Save. Okay. And so now the email is going to go. If they are, then they exit the flow.

If they are not, they go here. And actually, I think it goes under yes. Right. Yeah. That way it'll make everything linear and the branches will be their exits.

I see. Okay. So let's edit this and we'll figure out how to. So from a template, select template, like mine will show up, I guess. Yep.

My templates. My template. Card of Animate 1. Isn't that lovely? Don't worry.

I'll know to change that. Yeah. So you're going to have to change a couple of things. You're going to have to change the whole event item zero thing that comes out. Yeah.

I'm just going to delete it. I'll know to drop in a regular image. Yeah. And then the return to your cart link will have the link to the order page. Oh, okay.

So let's do it. Okay. Here. Oh, wait. Why did I do that?

Back to click funnels. Okay. Do I go here? No. This one?

Yep. Okay. And I go back here and then I put it right over this. Yeah. Just delete that whole thing.

Wait. Even with the little bracket thing? Yep. Yep. Because that's dynamic.

The brackets mean dynamic, right? Correct. Save. Mm-hmm. Okay.

Cool. And then I'll drop a picture in there at some point. All right. And then save content. Save content.

Oh, and I can even customize this further because I know exactly what's in their cart. Right. Exactly. So don't worry. I'll change all this later.

I'll say. Done. And all that. Okay. Yeah.

Done. Okay. Now. Time delay. Yeah.

Sweet. How do I get back to my... Done. Oh, saving it. No.

Where's done? On the left. Oh, there it is. Why is it still gray? Why is it still gray?

Okay. Okay. They got everything gray for some boring reason. Time delay. What's my time delay here in your 20 hours?

Uh, yeah, sure. Sure. All right. Sure, why not? Sounds good.

Save. And then we have a condition. You might be able to, hold on, before you drag that out, to go to the other conditional
split and click on the three. Oh, you want me to copy it? No.

No. There's a, no. All right. There's no copy. Okay.

No, you're good. Oh, well. Blame. Nope. Conditional split.

And then what did we say? Select a condition. It was, is or is not in a list. Right? Yeah.

Okay. Is not a ClickFunnels customer. Right? Yeah. Save.

Okay. And then we add an email. Yeah. To here. And then we edit it.

And then we choose a template. And we choose my template. And we go to card abandon two. And we delete this. And we delete this.

And then we go to this. And then we change it to. This get out of my way controller thing. We go to this. We delete this whole thing.

Wait. That was weird. Actually, you know what? Let's do something on that link. And we'll fix it on the other one as well.

Just so you'll have some sense of whether people are coming from here. So right after the, right where your cursor is, put a question mark. Question mark. Yeah. And now UTM, all lowercase.

UTM underscore source. Equals. Clavio. All lowercase. Did I spell that right?

Let me check. Clavio. Ampersand. UTM underscore medium. Equals.

Email. Ampersand. Ampersand. UTM. Underscore.

Actually, let's just leave. Let's just leave those two. Let's not overwrite the campaign. Yeah. Let's not overwrite the campaign.

That way you can still know which Facebook campaign they came in. Do you think I know any of what's happening in this class? No, that's fine. Just delete back to email. So leave email.

Wait. Delete email? No, leave email. Yeah. Just delete.

End with email? Yeah. Now grab that whole link. You want me to copy this? Yeah.

And put in the other one as well. Okay. Save. And then I'm going to go to email one. And I'm going to go to this content block right here.

I'm going to go to this. No, stop being crazy. Sweet. Okay. That'll give us a little tracking as to how well it's working.

Okay. Done. That should do it. Now, I would say potentially, regardless of whether they buy or don't buy after this,
you want them to go on your main newsletter list. But you can always just mail that list as well if you want.

Mail it? Yeah. So when you're sending out a newsletter or a broadcast, you can choose which list. Oh, I know what you're saying. Yes.

I do that. Because right now I'm doing big B, little B, main list, click funnels, customers. Right. Okay. Save and exit.

Save and exit. Yep. Okay. So let's also do, let's do one other thing too. Go to your.

Wait, I want to, I want to delete this one before I forget. Let's go to the click funnels customer one. And let's add a step to update profile property, maybe. I thought you could do more in here. Drag that out there for a minute.

Let me see if that will do what I want to do. Can I choose property action? And try to remove existing property. And it's just properties, huh? Yeah.

Nevermind. I wanted to delete them from the, from the prospects list, but she can't do that. Lame cancel. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah. That's kind of lame. All right. So now let's just go to click funnels, go to the order form. So wait, just a, just a second.

So when I'm sending my list, like if I'm sending my promo emails, my big promo emails, it would
go to, it could go to my main list, my click funnels customers and my click funnels, abandon
cart list that we just created. Correct. Cool. Yeah. Now, if, again, if there were, if there was a cleaner way to move people in and in a flow
to move people in and out of lists, typically I would take them out of the abandoned list
when they purchased so that they're only in one list at a time.

Um, but since it doesn't let you do that, I mean, it's going to de-dupe anyways. Like, I don't think if you select all three and mail, mail broadcast, they won't. Yeah. Yeah. So.

Cool. So yeah, let's just test the opt-in and make sure that it puts them onto that list and into
the campaign. You know what? Pre go to preview. Uh, yeah.

Either preview or the regular live URL. That's fine. And just, and so, but how would it, cause I'm probably just fill out this part and hit. So just hit, go to step two and then don't do anything. Right.

Oh, country. Yes. Thank you. Go to step two and no, I'm not going to do anything. Right.

Just wait a minute. Okay. What did, what was our time delay? We put an hour. I can't remember.

Well, I mean, we don't have to wait for the email to be sent. I just want to see. So you should be. No, yeah. Just to see if it went to the list.

First thing I'm going to be able to go to Zapier for a minute. And then click on the little, uh, clock icon, I think over on the right there. No, no. Yeah. Hold on.

Hey. And that's the one we just did. It's the most recent one. 42, 45. Yeah.

All right. Click on it. Click on it. Okay. No, I just did it three times, but.

Hmm. No, that's not me. That could be a live person. Go, go back. Well, she was the person before.

Oh, okay. Got it. But I thought she was a customer. She was. So we'll have to delete her from the automation in a minute.

Okay. Go back. Uh, four, three, five. Uh, click the little refresh icon, the little two arrows in a circle, top right. Yeah.

What does playing mean? Uh, playing means it's trying to, to run that task, but it hasn't finished for whatever reason. Sure why they, the one you just did is not coming through though. Go to Klaviyo for a minute. Get, uh, your lists.

Nobody dare. Oh, I've seen members. None. Got it. Can we reload the page?

Hmm. Oh. Go back to Zapier. Zapier. Zapier.

Zapier. Zapier. Zapier. Zapier. Zapier.

Zapier. Try to refresh it. Yeah. The thing is, I think, you know what it could be is that you were all go back to click funnels. That's right.

That's, I mean, I was already in the thing. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Um, let me use, let me use Robbie's email.

Um, okay. Let me, let me hold on. I'm just going to. Actually do it, do it on the live URL just to be safe too. It could be that because you're in preview mode.

Okay. Okay, so, how do I get there? Click on the little arrow on the right. This one? Yep.

Okay. Hey, Junya, I'm going to mute you for a minute, man. Okay. Okay. Take all this out.

It's not confusing. Or do I have to do all that? I mean, it doesn't matter. It doesn't. I mean, I mean, yeah, you have, that stuff has to be there for you to submit the form.

So, okay. So, yeah. Can it be the same? Cause yeah. Yeah.

It's only the email that matters now is Robbie. Yes. He wouldn't be in click funnels yet. Right. Hey, Robbie.

No, he wouldn't be in click funnels. Definitely. Oh, shoot. Just put, just put like plus one, two, three between right before the ad sign. Cause I might've tested it with his email before.

So, okay. I'm going to go to step two and then not do step two. Yeah. Now I go, now I go back to Zapier. All right.

Let's check that. It's a different time. Yeah. Check that one. Hey.

I am. All right. So, yeah. So now he should be in Plavio. I'm going to push.

What? That's weird. Click on the, click on the list. Manage. There isn't anyone on this list.

Go back to Zapier. Go to send one new subscriber. See that list. Click on data out on the second step there. Confirmate.

Oh, it's set up for double opt-in. Turn that off. That got us last time. Yeah. Where did we turn that off in Plavio, right?

Yeah. Right. Okay. So where was that? I'll be there under manage list.

Top right where that menu is. Manage list. I thought it was somewhere else. Subscribe. Settings.

Yeah. Sorry. Here it is. Good. Click.

Yep. Okay. Right on. You can go back to the order form if you want. And...

Click on the ship. You can't... I can't go back. Can I just reload the page? And just change it to one, two, three, four.

Oh, no. I messed it up. What's up to you? Sure. United.

Sure. Okay. I'm not going to complete my order. I'm going to read... Wait.

Data in. Yeah. No, you're on the same one. Data in. Go back.

Go back? Yeah. Go back? Go back? What is happening?

Click on the... That runs. Okay. That's a new time. Yeah.

Let's see. One, two, four is here. Yes. Okay. Let's see here.

Okay. Listen segments. Cross your fingers. Oh! Oh!

Can I remove this dude from my list? You can. Okay. Awesome. Okay.

So the flow is this one and all I have to do is finish it with the picture. We've got the link and then I turn it on and that's good. That'd be good. Who's on with us today? I didn't even see.

Who's on with us? Junio. Junio. Junio. How are you doing, brother?

I'm going to stop my share. You're a rock star, Teddy. You're welcome. Junio. But yeah, you can try reaching out to ClickFunnels support and see what they say about that duplicate
pixel form.

Oh, I'm just going to kick this one back to Matt. Well, he can't kick it. I can't kick it back to him and see what happens. All right. I'm going to go hop off the call so I can go finish my task before I forget what I have
to do.

Sounds good. Thank you. Have a good one. Do you, bye. How are you, my friend?

Hello. Can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Very good. Thank you.

Good, good. I developed, if you remember, last time we speak about, we were, I am outside, but I
opened my camera in the night. We were discussing about the body method, remember, the perfecta, and I spoke with Michael, and
I was speaking about the, I do cosmetic products. if you remember about the, and last time we were. and when you you can check with michael regarding some exchange
you can shut your video off if you want because you're breaking up quite a bit
okay yeah if you remember
last time we were speaking about the campaign i was doing regarding i remember i do cosmetic
products business to business and i develop this method the perfecta and the time secret
the perfecta okay at the end i wasn't able due to time to change much
and now i just launched the time secret there is the anti-age system
based on the unique mechanism we created with michael and he's the only system to make beauty
center grow the margin again and after two years we make a couple of weeks ago the first
live event in real and went good okay and basically now i was thinking because
mainly you know body and also if with these two method and with unique mechanism the concept is to create
two evergreen offer and they work like that because at the end become two brand themselves
uh because usually a cosmetic company have maybe 50 kind of subline you know and uh was able to create
these two systems that become a brand themselves and uh now they did the time secret and uh
uh we made the first live event after two years and basically we booked with just a few goals uh
uh and uh now or the concept uh okay the time secret is what go to touch uh anti-age at 360 degrees made of three different rituals
rituals uh uh now i i did i think very luckily one uh lead dad campaign on facebook
uh because uh this sunday we had also the live course about the massage techniques uh we created for it
uh and uh i received uh in uh life the last time three weeks uh with the five euros uh like 90
the contact of beauty center with telephone number and uh and i wasn't still now and uh in last
two weeks i am paid uh 0.50
i think i lost you
i lost lost you again
hello
uh yeah uh yeah you're coming and starting to come back
i see i need the one uh that try one uh lead that's campaign on pay
i lost lost lost you again
the last two three weeks uh the cost is uh 0.54 cent for each uh beauty center
okay okay this uh okay we still have to call but uh
uh as you remember my idea is uh now uh we made uh
uh okay this i think uh i was a particular lucky because with uh in this period uh
uh and pay one lead uh
of uh your target for 50 cent
uh is not usual but the concept is uh want uh what to do until march not to present all this system
um and if you remember my idea now uh before was also to make this evergreen webinar
we promote uh
to make a code lead
example no join the webinar where we explain the system and then the the web after the webinar we
come out like this is later because i need to find a way uh to sell till march no not be boring
uh
and uh i was thinking already from one year that uh like an evergreen webinar funnel
because when we promote the one event like you want to discover that we created a lot of
uh reason why to discover not uh the new system and uh uh it's very cheap lead compared to sell another
stuff so my idea is using this trigger uh make uh uh arrange the webinar with a single part of the
uh of the webinar and uh with uh the webinar uh this time uh don't come uh is a little bit uh all part
little bit separated but with michael we said step by step
uh when there is before uh that one technical then the doctor then speak put
uh um small uh slide about that we used in this 2020.1 spa recovery system to explain
what is exactly the time secret and uh i think that
in order to manage for a long time this kind of stuff can be a good idea
and i also wanted to try this kind of campaign
like this guy i don't know exactly how i can
uh make from the tech part uh because when i propose the event okay i many people respond
with trigger you want to discover how your beauty center can be different blah blah blah and they
they respond a lot with cheap price so the idea is with the same trigger i move them to one webinar
where they i cut all the part
that was
over some of the mechanism and insert
uh
uh beef when uh all the speaker change
part from the letter i did with michael to explain the single part
with small sentences but to give the general idea
and exactly i don't know how i can
carry a create
uh this
have a green final webinar that uh i always wanted to do but
i think that usually should work
your food is ready
you have
uh
i am a pub they are kidding me because i am speaking
it's all good all good
so yeah so i i mean look if you want you know if you want to try an evergreen webinar certainly
certainly you know it's easy enough to to test and set up uh i think
you know like i said the thing i think i had mentioned to you last time is you definitely just
want to make sure that you have it converting pretty well before you you go through and automate the
whole thing but um you know the probably the easiest platform uh to set it up on is going to be
demio uh uh unless well what what's your what do you use to build landing pages now
hello uh
and i use active campaign plus uh before i use click funnel until two months ago okay now to keep all on
uh under uh our url uh i had this program uh the tech guy that put everything in uh wordpress
so i moved all the uh says later
uh because uh i think that at the end the click funnel keep their url
uh well there's a couple different ways to do it but yeah i mean um so that's fine so actually if
you're already in wordpress then the one you probably want to look at let me just make sure
this is the right one i'm thinking of is uh yeah easywebinar.com
because now i also zoom do webinar but not in this case
so for example now when you want to promote like a repeated webinar you can have different options
like okay i do the ads and then i make i can show it after
uh three days and i send email or they can join uh immediately uh i don't know if you i think you know
uh caliber or or doubt there that mainly he shall
and i read one article that we spend all his trial because before he promote like one webinar a week
like you for the webinar you have reply and then the follow-up and then i made join immediately so
i just
sorry you're breaking up again
i asked my
idea because i need to go for at least until march
i spoke with michael that is a fantastic because really michael helped me
a lot
and he also think it can be a good but
i think it's a good but uh almost i have okay all december
since four months i need to promote this system and not become boring
so one level can be the evergreen webinar funnel then the
uh the system is made of three treatments so i can start to speak about each treatment
because they touch different the first one is about the depuration depositionation
i need to keep the attention for uh four months in different way
uh
from uh
i always open in some suggestion
what can be
what can i do to do to do to take the the cold order yes and see that it's a form now i did this lead
ad about the masate niched uh i didn't expect because for i took like five euro uh the world
uh
okay i did trick inside one campaign three different ad set i put five euro
one week i received nothing
it now uh it was 91 and uh last two weeks
is really low for enter that give a telephone number name to name
uh
also something in this case
uh because i didn't expect to receive contact at 50 cent
uh with only that because of the last things i did i saw that the price
uh with facebook uh it didn't go now i was very surprised that uh from only that uh people
two weeks uh come 91 person uh at the zero point the uh beautiful center but all
the uh
should be done
about the webinar what my
i don't know if i'm searching some
support on this because i think that
uh can be interesting to make the first part of uh to warm more the audience
uh i never did before over green webinar and i don't know how is the case to do like they register
and you make them see immediately or after one day
yeah so so the the the platforms do all that for like you don't so
you can again you can use either easywebinar.com or demio.com
d-e-m-i-o
either one either one of those two they're they're about the same in price they're about the same in
features um you know either one would work fine um and they they pretty much walk you through
the entire process of setting it up so really all you need really all you need for an automated
webinar is you need the recording of the webinar you need the link to the order form
and you need the you need usually two or three emails that you would send to someone to remind
them to show up and you know what time they're what time they scheduled for and and all that um
and then a couple emails for the people that registered but didn't show up uh you would you
would you do the same with them uh you said that for example i make when they can see it
like i do one times a week they i make them register or
they see after one day they can see immediately and uh like i start monday
because i read this article that change like i start monday to promote
and maybe the webinar is on thursday so promote it can send some email and uh follow up to people that
don't show up or i made the people uh uh to look it before because if the t channel probably don't uh wait
uh after three days they don't see a webinar okay they in your opinion what is the best way
uh you can see when they want uh i put uh
yeah so so what i would say is so it depends on the market right so you know your market
is is not as like they're not aware of automated webinars right so for them when they pick a date
in time they really think that the webinar is happening live at that date in time versus you
know in the marketing world you know when you see a webinar registration page from a marketer
whether it's todd or caleb or whatever you you pretty much know it's probably pre-recorded and
the time is useless right um so given your market since they don't know any better they think it's
going to be at a certain date in time then i would say you're probably better off not letting them watch
it on demand potentially and like this is all stuff you got to test right this is the thing this is the
the thing you got to understand about webinars is you got a lot more variables to test there's a lot
more things that you can play with uh which just makes it much more complex to really optimize right so
uh so i would personally start
yeah i would i would personally start with
if the the first available date is two or three days out that gives you time to send them a couple
emails every day beforehand to remind them to get them excited to make them want to attend
i'm sorry what was that i view some for example
i can't i lost you
i don't yeah i'm here i mean you have a simple example of uh some uh webinar page and
uh that you can uh show me for example to have some idea what is uh what you suggest
uh what for the landing page you mean yes for the landing page for the registration
because for this for me
i know quite wealthy but webinar is new subject so
you know better than me because i am i wanted to become a marketer full-time but at the end i have
uh my company so if you have some example maybe to show me
how to to create the page
well so the like you know you already created an opt-in page for your e5 campaign right
basically several because we create one unique mechanism mm-hmm okay then uh before you see the
perfecta now there is the page we created for the event of the time secret okay then there is the page
after the event of time secret okay and what i'm getting at is like the the the registration page for
the webinar shouldn't be much different than those pages right the only difference is the form has one extra
field where they pick a date and time to attend right but the the layout the design the structure of the page
like if you already have an opt-in page that's working with facebook and generating you 50 cent
leads like i would copy that page as much as possible and just
all you're changing is the form that they that they fill out and they're just registering for a
webinar instead of to watch the vsl or whatever it is they're doing now right
so yeah i think you're you're over i think you're overthinking it a lot i think you just really need
to i think the the best thing for you to do would be to like go to easy webinar and sign up for the trial
just play with it because it's very wizard driven right it's it's a lot of fill in the blanks like you
know hey okay what's the name of your webinar going to be great it's this okay what days and times do you want to offer it okay i
want to offer it on tuesdays at 2 p.m and wednesdays at 7 p.m and fridays at 9 p.m or whatever schedule you
want right um and then okay how many emails do you want to you know how many days ahead of time do you
want to let people schedule and um you know so it walks you through pretty much step by step by step
all the questions and decisions that you got to make to set it up and then at the end it'll either
create a landing page for you which you can use or it'll give you a form uh code that you can put
on your landing page is connected uh i'm sorry did you hear what i was saying uh i can i hear landing
base and uh okay this is the landing page uh we use now after the event where they explain all the
method all the time secret right but what's what's the landing page that's getting you the 50-cent
leads from facebook and these are one lead ads i will show you uh i just made one lead ads i think very
was very lucky because uh one second i open i find
maybe i can share the screen yeah yeah go ahead and share
okay
uh-huh
this one okay this is last last week
and is the leader of last week
if i start from the beginning i don't know exactly when i started
uh did you see my page yeah i can see your screen i see the facebook account
i want to see the landing page is what i want to see though yes this is uh okay uh in total
i don't show
work very well facebook
the
the one because it was this about this massage technique and they put a little video of this
of the teacher
and then i make a cut of three minutes of this presentation
but which one made all these lead
how i can understand
which made all the
all the lead
okay
ah the lead come from
this one mainly
oh interesting what they put here because they're doing during the night
hey it's very simple is
want to discover a new massage technique of time secret
try to translate no well i i don't need to i just need to know let me see the page where does it go
when they click the add no these go okay at the end go to
describe it go to the landing
okay this is the dots here are the definitive uh anti
okay so it's not going to a landing page you're building it inside of yes at the end you should
go to the landing page
italiana
at the end you should go to the landing page
time to register
okay
bye
i lost
Okay, this number is incredible.

Facebook is becoming crazy in the last period, I think. Okay, the landing page I show you also, okay, next. Can I submit this form as a preview, it's not working. Okay, the landing page is this one. I don't know now what's happening, but I feel it.

Okay. Sure, there is something to work on, because of microdo in last period,
I changed partner, but I always had to do. All the times, everything. But really, I think we get something really a machine gun,
because people connect alone. Okay, there is for a statistician.

I put a translator. And then we put here some part of this unique mechanism that come after the model we created. But there also Michael was really a genius, because in this way we give all the justification to what we did. And also if come after is the reason why we created the two methods, nobody do something like that. This is very, okay, blah, blah, blah, blah.

And then this is the unique mechanism. Okay. And we add, because now we have one justification of why things works. Because I tried really to give everything to, because my concept is really to give everything possible to my customer,
because they want that they do, because they are the best. And, okay, then it's longer.

Okay, yeah, I don't need to. So, okay. Okay, so. I mean, we have a fantastic problem, fantastic products, if you want to set. Because we have really product, fantastic.

And then we give a lot of things because I give under price, this method, I give under price, because I want to have all the system we created to teach them to make to their clients to complete, to follow a system, not make a single treatment. Right. When we research what clients want, so they are the only one that offer this. When they show the result, they become the expert in this area. Then we give the Facebook and Instagram campaign, give massage technique.

So, it's really something that is under price, because I invest on them, because I want that they keep the money back immediately. I start to run. That is a lot now, it's a lot of things. I think I am offering something because I really put the earth on this. And the body give, because we make the offer of 60 full treatments, physical promotional materials, then five kit massage techniques, five kit of mini size that sell to final customer 200 euros.

So, plus I give you the, you go in our membership area and have also the Facebook ads. So, I think I, I take too much effort now. But I really want to give something that make the difference. Right, right. Right, right.

Okay. So. I take, sorry, I take you two hours. No, no, no, no. It's fine.

You see it everywhere. No, I just, I'm trying to get to. I see alone, I try to. Yeah, no, I'm, I'm trying to get to where I can actually help you, right? So, so I, I, I understand, I understand all that.

So, so your, your biggest question though, is which platform do I use to set it up? And how do I do it? Right. Fundamentally. And how to, to build, like, to make a campaign.

Okay. So. All right. Let's, let's do this. Let's do this.

Let's just do it right now. So go, go to, go to Demio.com. D E M I O.com. You know that I, I want to be, at the end, I want to be a marketer. Yeah.

We're going to. I study philosophy and the marketing is my passion. I study every night. Uh, I asked Michael if he want to, uh, proteger that can do everything. There you go.

All right. Scroll, scroll up to the top. Go to the top. And just get started for free. Let's see.

They, never, register when they, you need,
If there is space in Todd, with Todd organization, because I, at the end, I like, I think I
have also a lot of idea and really I work 20 hours a day, but all the ideas I have and
so on is related to marketing. Right. That's good. I know what it's like when you first, when you first get the marketing bug. So let's see, all right, so, yeah, it's just, it doesn't matter, you can just say what
are, generally, it's, yeah, starting from scratch, someone, someone referred me.

This, yeah, I didn't join a lot of the call because I always was, but, but this program
never finished, I hope. What's that? This program. That I'm enjoying, never finished, I hope. This is five accelerator because it's from the beginning of the year, no?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, it keeps going, for sure. Well, yesterday, I replied to one message, no, where you comment, they send you from Todd,
one report, and your colleague called me, said, write me, and they say, I am really in this,
oh, yeah, five accelerator, and I think I have the material, the only things I, I like if
I can receive, oh, yeah, now joking, little bit more of this pen that I open. Cut, the pen of, uh, E5 campaign. But, uh, cut, how I can open out my screen. Yeah, you just got to keep clicking through these boxes.

I mean, uh, this one. Oh, the E5 pen, yeah. Yes, I see, it's happening some more because my kid destroyed it. But, you see, this evening, I was with this, uh, and with this, uh, we got to get, we got
to get you in the top one. That's where you need a top one.

Yeah, the next step is, uh, the top one. Next level. But I think you should be in the U.S. to be a top one. No, we got, I have, half of our top one members are, are in Asia.

We got two people in Italy. We got people in Peru. We got people in Spain. Yeah, we got. I follow because really, I, I like a lot of marketing.

I see that I study every day and I see really once change, uh, in, uh, now I have too much
contact to, to call, but, uh, I have, I see many ideas. Uh, I want to do a marketer because, uh, I studied philosophy. I was a graduate on, uh, Thai forest tradition of meditation. Yeah. So this is just, this is just showing you a demo.

Go, go, go. Marketing, copywriting. Hey there. Welcome to your first experience here on Demio. This is exactly like any other event on Demio with some little differences.

First off, you'll see simulated attendees in the room. So you can see exactly what it's like to have an audience. Secondly, I'm here to help. And I've gone ahead and I've uploaded a slide deck, a video, and created some resources for
you to use and play with them in the room. Uh, to do faster.

This is the best way for you to experience Demio in the way that it was meant to be experienced. And when you're done, you can go to your insights area to see exactly how you did. It looks like some of your attendees are already in the waiting room. So let's get started. To go live, you're going to head over to the top.

Just go back to the other. Close that. Close that tab. Close it. No, I got so.

Close that page. Okay. Yeah. So just, just close the entire tab. Yeah.

In your browser. Close it. Close that page. Yeah. All right.

Good. So from this page. All right. Don't scroll up. I have already five.

So go to, uh, go to, uh, click on, uh, click on events. Events. So I add, add new event. For my fifth webinar, add an event. But, uh, for example, the landing page must be outsider.

I mean, it'll either create a landing page for you, or it'll give you a form code that
you can have your WordPress guy put on a page, um, yes, I have to, to do one page, you know,
and then, uh, send them to see it. Yeah. So let's, let's do automated. Cause that's what, that's what you want. The evergreen is automated.

So I do automated. Yeah. Give it a name. I see my secret. Uh, because I think that can be an evergreen, uh, not able to write anymore.

Fantastic. This evening is nobody. I'm taking you all the night. It's all good. Uh, all right.

So now you click schedule. Uh, and so now you want recurring times. Echo. In this case, this is very important. Because I see this kind of doubt that they make a long speech about because before he
do once a week, uh, then promote, uh, three times, uh, three days, then he send the follow
app, uh, or they make join before, uh, these, I think a change a lot, uh, uh, every week
is maybe too much.

Well, let's go with that. I think, I think with every week you can select a couple of times a week kind of thing. Let's see. Oh, choose every week for a minute. Okay.

So that's one day. Well, you can. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay.

This, uh, and I can be, I can do Monday. Yeah. So every Monday. So every Monday. I'm not able to do, I do.

Mm-hmm. Monday. Monday the 6th. 6th. Okay.

Add to schedule. No cazzo. And now you can, you can still add more. Okay. Okay.

And so now I could do recurring times again. So if you want to do every Wednesday. The last to put, just. So every week. Yes.

Okay. And then I put on Friday. Yeah. Times. Well, you got to, you do each one, one at a time.

And then. I can be 10. I think, I don't know if. Okay. But that's, again, we're just kind of walking through just kind of how to, how to do this,
just so you get a feel for it.

Yes. So now I go to customize. Yep. And. Registration.

Registration page I should put, I can do here. Yeah. So this is, you know, so there's some templates there that you can choose from. You can change the logo. You can, you can kind of like click funnels, right?

You can kind of. I will use this or one external page. It's up to you. It doesn't matter. Like for simplicity and just to test it, I would just use their page.

Like you don't have to worry about whether it's on your domain or not. Like that doesn't matter at this point. Like you want to be up and running and testing as quickly as possible. And then if it works, then you can look at how to move it to your domain and all that
kind of stuff. But.

Okay. I try. Okay. Because you see, we have many elements. So basically like, okay, like the panel basically, I try to add some line, the line, the description.

Okay. And then I can play it. And I need to promote them. These don't have many. I can try like this.

For example, my idea to make like two weeks, I promote always the same things. They arrive and I show two possible date. Okay. To join. No, I'm asking.

Sorry. I take one. A lot of change. If you tell them. Okay.

Look on. If I say on Monday and Friday, I can send. Okay. Three, four email during. This time.

Some remember. I don't know. To make them to wait too much. They forget. Right.

Well, I mean, so. You can choose the time options. You can, you can have one that runs, you know, every day, a couple of times a day. Like you can set up this. Forget about the schedule for right now.

Like you're just going to have to test what works best in terms of show up rates and registration rates and things like that. But I think, for example, we did, okay, I'll show you the last things. There was the page for the event, okay, where we sell the event. Not the, after the, this is later, after the event, but this is later, cazzo, before the event. One moment.

Not the proper event. Before the event. Okay. This is for the live event, for example. Yes.

Okay. This is later. And this is like discover the new method. And we may be in the hotel. Confirm your participation.

So it's different trigger. I can use this one. What you discover. You can. Yeah.

I mean, you can use some of that, but I would keep the landing page very short. Headline. Three or four bullets of what they're going to learn by attending. And, and the opt-in form. Like you don't, you don't need all this cop.

You don't want all this copy on a webinar registration page. Okay. It's not, it's not a sales letter. It's a, it's an opt-in page. So just.

But I have to put a, at least. Like here, here's a, here's a perfect example. Here's, here's, here's one that, uh, this is, this is not for a webinar. This is for like a, like a PLF funnel, but it's, uh, same type of idea. Because you need to explain what they bring that, bring that page up, bring that page
up in the chat.

This is what the inside of the, before the event, uh, we put this, uh,
I'll become bigger now. Okay. Uh, because I created one before the event, uh, and this is, uh, before the event, uh,
uh, while we speak, you will learn, uh, these, these, these, what I'm saying is click on the
one I put in the chat. I put in the center. No, I put one in the chat to open, open the one I put in the chat.

Okay. Very, very simple headline, sub headline, opt-in form, scroll down five, four things. You're going to learn who the host is bonus for attending. That's it. You don't need anything more than that.

And I'm not saying this is the exact layout or design. I'm just saying in terms of what goes on the page. Very simple. Okay. Okay.

So I tried to. very nice to speak uh like and here let me show i'll show you another one too that's
very similar very similar but uh was also i needed some contact to
i don't know if you see the
the unique mechanism we we did with michael that is something that i think don't exist in my field
and the spa recovery system right but you're not just you're not talking about like no no yes it's
hard to say that really we get something that nobody have
it is really cool when already we don't have and michael me to
come after but was the cup to explain all the system we did
take take a look at the other link i just put in the in the chat so again same same format headline
bullet points form that's it is enough for you for us yes what's up to this okay
yeah because also for the other
live i didn't
write too much right so anyways that's that's all you need right so whether you build it was made in
uh inside uh uh that's click funnels this is all click funnels but i come back with click funnels maybe
but it doesn't matter you could build this anywhere it doesn't because this funnel i was because i have
people that doesn't work so click funnels was able to now this why there is no click funnel
domain here no because we don't use the click funnel you can use whatever domain you want click funnels
like i said why i always keep fun domain
i think you just didn't have click funnels set up right but i mean you you can use any domain you
want you can use it you use click funnel for example what's up you do you use click funnel yeah
also cartra training but the funnel was able to use alone
yeah well i mean we use click funnels for everything so you know it's very cool very
easy the other things that he offered i didn't understand what
they do
after you know there are the other
things they offer i'm not sure what if are useful but he was very smart to create
now we buy also
the company that was from dan kennedy right
yeah yeah russell bought russell bought dan kennedy's company yeah yes
he's fucking smart
okay no i miss the
because now i put like in a sleeping mode the other things they have
no
that's a last things that i let you go you see that there are different
i was already member now we have to put anything
yes it's not going to let the other offer they give
like cosera
the other option a part of the first one
is necessary works do something
or not
like because i'm not like because i have a bag
i need to cancel
okay this is click fun and normal
and the other option did you use
uh
uh
so
like a backpack
uh i remember something
oh yeah so no we don't use backpack for anything
um i mean we are on the 297 plan just because we need we have that many pages so
depends how many pages you have uh and i think you got to scroll well i wouldn't use click
funnels for a webinar though anyways um it's not the it's not the best automated webinar platform
um but i can use away i mean you can't you can use it but it's it's not great i i wouldn't i
wouldn't use it for for webinars um
um but i mean look if you're like you're if you already have your landing pages built
somewhere else and it's working for you i need to create last time for the live event of perfecta
i showed michael that i read at the end i created the 50 version of different landing page
and uh so on
you created 50 what the 50 version of landing page longer shorter okay you gotta stop
the landing page you need you need to listen to me okay you need to listen to me you need to
keep things simple stop doing tons of very simple one page one landing page one sales page one
webinar get all that working as best as you can before you go create 20 different versions of it
trust me you're you're creating a lot of extra work for yourself that you don't need to do
and you're making it harder to to fully optimize the stuff that you are doing you gotta stay you
gotta keep things simple but you think that this at the end this uh kind of this webinar funnel can
work like for the well of course it can work but but it's what i'm saying is like you want one webinar
funnel not 12 one you get one webinar funnel working and then if it works then then then you can maybe
make a different one for a different offer but if you if you're only selling one primary thing no this
uh basically okay we created we give everything private level and we created these two system
i don't know if uh right i mean i saw the sales page i saw the offer you get you get the products you
get the training you get the the facebook campaign i don't know if you see the i send you just to look
uh because like uh we do with michael is fantastic this uh uh uh recovery system
hey it is really
okay you go
cuts okay
and this is all the explanation of what i was doing to give something more to clients
and this is the spa recovery system
here michael was a genius to help me to find
the reason why everything was created right so i try to do this i cut
and see
and we send you and also thanks for the other times because you give me great suggestion
and uh i should uh okay come more to the call but when i come i see i take enough time that for
especially when there's nobody else on i'm happy happy to stay on you know and help really all uh for
for example michael uh now i call uh him uncle mike because yeah really he's fantastic man
and i do much more uh
and i do much more uh
and michael uh become the anchor
and michael uh become the anchor mike and become really famous uh here in italy because uh
uh one night one weekend uh i was always in late uh they say i don't i should go out with my
wife i will stay to help you and for me i never forget uh these uh for the life
so it's really
so it's really a really a pleasure uh good good i'm glad i i joined more
i asked already yesterday to send me some pen
we'll get we'll get you some pens for sure very beautiful this pen
i don't i don't i don't even have one of those pens i don't have any of those pens
Todd is not so generous right if not to give you this pen
only for customers
a very good pen no thank you very much i try to to build the page and then we send you uh
if you give a look like like last time i thank you also for the last time and thank you for the
the time of this evening my pleasure because i want
uh to destroy everything yeah no don't destroy
don't over really we created now something that nobody have and uh is really unique and need
work on this no company have this kind of
uh also not kind of effort because i really want to create a team that people
like what they do you are not 10 time happy give me back i give to another clients
and at the end work because uh everybody
i make a lot of effort to give a campaign all the mechanisms that work alone
because if they work i am happy if they don't work i do a bad figure to
so
so sorry i let you go it was a pleasure to talk to you my pleasure as well
and yeah you also are invited uh with uncle mike to come to visit us in hot springs here in a
mountain man i am making a big party here you are my guest here we have a hot swimming pool
jacuzzi in hotel i will definitely take you up on it in the world and michael is already invited from
long time but he is too nice and to accept my invitation
uh but if you come all together uh and we have really this 100 with uh we have the special hot spring
water and mud is the most in the world and uh it's a really a pleasure because all you guys are really
so nice and kind and helpful that uh is really a pleasure uh we we appreciate it
and and we love seeing people like you who who are you know taking what we say and using it and
implementing it and it's working and you know you're i have a lot of uh satisfaction from what i'm
i'm doing i really that's that's priceless brother because is uh i see before i sell to
uh pharmacies in the classic way i have 35 agents knock the door nobody care now call me and they wait
how much is no sorry sorry yeah adam before i can help you please tell me what you do is another word
uh and i study every day because uh when you do the things the right way with the right target and
speak in the sunday that are genius at the beginning i send the offer nobody care before i study copywriting
uh but really change the life so i wait also you and your if you are married in abono terme maybe you
are able to convince us michael to come i will i will work on him he's certainly closer to you than i am but
uh yeah we we we've been to italy once we do we do plan to get out there again i send you to see you
uh one second i have the kind of place is the biggest uh all springs area in the world no there are
like 100 hotels with uh hot springs inside uh well i show you just one hotel of my friends
okay all have uh inside outside the hot swimming pool the water is magic
uh because really you put uh as a sorting effect uh in less than 30 seconds and uh it's very romantic
if you have you are married yes yes so wait uh come uh not for a long time but for a few days
uh after you get bored but for a few days uh is uh okay this for example my my friends to tell
yeah there are 100 hotels with all kind of this women pool like that
okay outside outside inside uh oh nice hospital is a thermal water
and then you have the terms with the ma that that is therapeutic mother is the only one that you
have a disease like rheumatism and so on
uh oh yeah yeah so
what part of italy place what part of italy yeah it's very close to venice to venice nice it's like
from the airport of values it's 40 minutes okay
uh can do also when they super event for me
i'll talk to you i'm very famous you know if you know frank merenda
frank merenda no
there are a couple of people that copy man kennedy and sona they i think they come also to one
thought the event they was very able to price them very height
and giving the lifetime to every collaborator
and they made a lot of money but of different
level
at the week here i can manage one event
catfish that won't come with you really we can take
one thousand people and the air is very close because it's close to
this is very close 10 minutes from pad of a pad of ice with all the city of the world
with the train
because it's necessary to have a real cat for marketing
become famous here frank merenda and postiglione are two that are
fucker people
so i am ready to
one two a real event because it's a big connection also to promote the event
because i'm very good to sell
in fact i told michael if you want to pass me
some contact that call
to join some toad program i like a lot to sell
and i am very good to convince people
and it will be very cool for san bier because we are from venice bologna venezia
and for me it will be a pleasure
first to invite catiu michael
yeah
LISA
what's up
then also
special room
here's a special room where i take on
the guest
Every time only one comes, but it's very cool. No, not really, because I'm not joking. I really appreciate, because all you are my guests. If I did, for example, to arrange some event here with real value can have a lot of...

Because like Frank Marena made an event with 800 people,
but it's to fuck the people they explain without giving you at the end something to know. Right, right, right. So you and Michael are my guests here. I appreciate that. You and Zoe with your wife here, it's very nice.

We have the Eats around here, 30 minutes in Venice. Then you come back in the evening and go in the hot water, Yakuza, sauna. I can't explain, you're going to stay alone or what? No, no, no. How you can enjoy it.

I got it, I got it. How you can enjoy it when you come back. All right, brother, I'm going to go get some dinner. Thank you. So I let you go, but I'm serious.

Yeah, I will. When you want, you are my guest here. My pleasure. Be careful, because the hot water, if you want to do too much. Thank you very much.

All righty. You have a good night. No, really, you are invited. I am a man that never speak for nothing. No, I believe, I believe you 100%.

So when, like Uncle Mike, and I'm not able to convince him to come. He's monster. I told him, come with your wife, because Michael gave me a lot of energy. No, but in last event, I say, Michael, if you come, I feel, and he's too much got honest,
too much that, but you all guys are invited. Awesome.

Well, I see you seriously. I don't know. I believe when I say things. So when you want, I wait you. Okay.

And you come with your wife, show the site to your wife, and I think she would like to come
soon. Last thing, I send you this link and let you go. Okay. Okay, let me show her, and I ask Todd to send some, give some pen to you. I will get some pens.

Okay, brother. Thank you very much. I will send the material, and seriously, when you want, you are my guest. Sounds good. Okay.

Take care. To your wife, I think she won't come as soon as possible. Thank you. I let you go. Sorry, I take you.

No, you're fine. All right. Good night. Thank you. Good night.

Bye-bye. Bye.
