---
title: "Tech 2022-05-27 15:59:20"
date: 2022-05-27
duration: 59m
duration_seconds: 3574
vimeo_id: 714539584
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-05-27 15:59:20

**Date:** 2022-05-27 | **Duration:** 59m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey Marty. Hello. How are you? Not quite sure yet. Okay.

How can I help you with? Um, wow, actually this I didn't realize this was this much. This much one-on-one. To be honest, I just gained. Access to this course my biz partner and I have been working with Michael and Paul.

Okay, and Oh, so yeah, I mean I don't I don't even know what to ask. I apologize. So under under the umbrella of of tech what what do you usually? Get questions about yeah, it could be pretty much anything related to your website to your email marketing system. Tracking analytics Integrations with various pieces.

I mean pretty much anything. Do with making making the stuff work like Michael and ball. I hope you get the messaging. I'm the one that but helped people put it all together and build a system out of it. So nice.

What's your what's your business? You're doing the option stuff, right? Yeah. Well, it's under a broader broader umbrella of I guess for lack of anything else you'd call it an online BNI on steroids. Okay, if that paints the adequate picture.

Yeah, um So it in in testing slash. Analytic tracking, you know, especially, you know to test funnels and and whatnot. I I see well unless they were lying. I see that Todd is is mentioned mentioned in phonolytics. Outreaches is there.

Is there any other alternative you've worked with? That is? Oh, I don't know deeper. Yeah, I mean, I mean I like we have a funnel Olympics account that they get that they gave us and how does contributed some content and stuff to them. I can tell you that we don't Really use it for anything.

So let me so we'll step back for a minute. Just give me the 30,000 foot view like water. What are you using? What are you using to build your pages in? And what's your CRM system?

Okay. Yeah also pretty definitely that um, okay. It's kind of a bubble gum and bailing wire scenario. I typically like well I I have a system wherein social media post on LinkedIn Twitter Facebook and sometimes Pinterest allows if they click on the image. In the post instead of it just getting larger.

It actually goes to a URL of my choice. Okay, and so that's where I start. And then I typically have another another piece of software that creates. Video landing pages that there's nothing on there but a headline the video and then at the end of the video or anywhere, I designate a button pops up that says learn more or get details or start now or whatever same scenario that um clicking on that button. Take some wherever I want.

so that's been my or our process and then obviously over to whatever, you know be that a be that a An opt-in page or or typically in the flow, it would be you know right to whatever web page. Is in that is in that flow. I I if I stick. I I have yet another piece of software that and and it's like bitly only it isn't bitly but I could track between clicking on the On the post and going to that video landing page. I could I could at least track.

You know that they've clicked. Okay, and then we're you know, hopefully and I'll explain why what I mean by hopefully in a second, you know then over to the page. Whatever page they're sent to after the video then obviously there would be tracking there. Um, we I came in on this deal sort of Midstream and certain processes that had already been in place that I wouldn't have selected and you know, but whatever the the rest of the group was the pages were built in GoDaddy. With very limited, you know, I mean like Cookie Cutter Wix style garbage or you know page construction and I don't even know if they had any analytics and the person that was doing it that I'm now working with, you know, did not know any anything techie and didn't even want to but it was thrust upon him.

So now we've moved over to something else. In fact, we're in process right now of sort of redoing our pages in a in a back-end sandbox area and that's all going to be perfected and deployed soon and it's a much much better system. But in the meantime for the for the testing aspects of you know of the E5 message and all the other goodies. now that I've described by disgusting of arrangement well and and Paul and Michael and and we had this discussion numerous times and I guess it boiled down to You know protesting everybody says and Todd's videos and everything else denote. Um, hey, you know you throw an opt-in form on the page and and just have you know, perhaps a super short video or or just some you know, some text whatever maybe a graphic maybe not and that's kind of how you track up your messages successful.

Well, my my counter question was okay is the is If you're not really that concerned about an opt-in in the classic sense of you know, a follow-up potential later and it's literally just for testing. Does it really matter putting that extra speed bump of them having to opt in which people are opt-in phobic anymore for the most part if I could just track that they got there and then I could track that they proceeded one more step in the funnel. Was that enough for testing purposes? And I guess I'd love your opinion on that. Yeah, so so to answer that question at least to to some yeah, whether you send directly to the opt-in or whether you send to the the video sales letter or whatever, like either one of those are gonna tell you are gonna give you information, right?

And so, you know, if you had a a Philly built out properly structured like email marketing campaign to follow up with the leads that express interest but don't buy then then it maybe the route is you got to run two things. Number one, you're playing primarily with Organic traffic so you so it sounds like you have a little bit of more leeway because you're not paying for the traffic. You're paying with time but you're not, you know, you're not running ads on AdWords or Facebook doesn't sound like yet. So, you know when you're paying for traffic you got to look at. All.

Right? What is you know, what does cost having an opt-in? What does that add to my cost of acquisition if I have the option in front and then you know and how cheaply am I able to acquire leads and can I monetize those leads like those are all kind of questions you got to ask yourself, but certainly you can absolutely drive straight to the offer as well and test the vsl. You just got to be clear that When you do it that way because you're missing now you're missing out on one piece of data, right? Somebody hits the landing page if they express enough interest to like you just said give up their email, even though people are jaded about giving up their email then, you know, at least you know, the headline and the bullets that are on that landing page are resonating.

So there's something about the offer that's resonating. That's that's a valuable piece of data and and that may be more valuable initially because It's it's a five-second decision right versus if you just drive to the video now, you got to look at well how much of the video are they watching? Did they make it to the end even see the offer right like and so now you're guessing based on engagement whether whether the thing resonates or not, and that that's all you're gonna have to look at right, you know the video engagement metrics of how far they made it how many people started playing it and stopped playing it that kind of stuff. And then it also depends on whether you know. How and when and where you reveal the price and the offer because I've seen people that you know make the mistake of not revealing the price in the video.

So you get people clicking to the order form to figure out what the prices well that doesn't tell you anything. That's just people trying to figure out what the price was doesn't mean that it's like it's like me scrolling down immediately to the bottom of a sales page to see if it's worth my time to even scan it. You know, if it's you know Forty Nine ninety seven. I'm out, you know or whatever, right? Yeah, I get your point and I guess my logic flawed though.

It may be was Okay, the metric is is the is the message resonating as you say if I removed one impediment? and they and they you know, the buttons gonna pop up and and at the very last thing of the headline or actually I take that back in the In the video, I typically somewhere as close to the beginning as I can. Well I either do it and I like watch this short one minute video which tells them. Okay. It's only a minute.

I'll invest that much time, you know and and click the button when it appears. For more info or all the details or whatever the case may be. So they're kind of pre-staged to know something's coming. When is it going to come and then if they're not interested at all? Obviously, they're not even going to click the button if they're morbidly curious.

They may click the button, but I was I don't know. I maybe foolishly thinking that that was a little a little hat more hassle-free indicator of Interest. You know removing every barrier to entry to go forward and then yeah if they're falling out somewhere else. That's that's another that's another question. Right?

Right. Yeah. I mean, I mean, you know every step I take every step that they take tells you something and each step is a little bit micro commitment, right? So right just seeing the ad or the post to clicking on it is one micro commitment, right? Now, I mean you could drive into a landing page that doesn't have a video on it that looks like an opt-in page but just doesn't have an opt-in form and they click the button and it goes to the next page.

You don't have to force in the opt-in but that would it's that would still tell you something right that would still say okay, you know, they got past whatever headline in that bullet point was interesting enough that they clicked on it. See what what else was there. He didn't have the friction of the opt-in page. Because I mean that's the same as a one minute video, right? So that's just that now we're just changing the media.

Is it do we present what's on the landing page and one minute video or do we present it in text that they can see easily and you know, they don't have to you know. They're at work. So they can't play a video because they'll get in trouble, you know just depends what else they're all they're all beautifully captioned. Anyway, you know because of that for that reason. Yeah.

Anyways, you get what I'm saying, right? There's definitely different ways to track it but going back to my original question. My original question was if you were capturing an email or if they were going to buy Like what system is the email going into and and where would they go to buy? Okay. That that is being set up now because I'm self-taught obviously at this age and my my fall down point was always Auto responders.

Just it for some reason. It's well, especially MailChimp or whatever was so they're gooey is so counterintuitive that it drives me insane, you know, look I just want to I just want to you know have a response to go. Thank you, you know, we got the message. That's it. Is that too much to ask but apparently it is but that's as I say that's all being taken care of thankfully.

Although I'm not sure what it was that mean like How what system are you are they planning to use or you planning to use? Oh, there's the I'm not even sure yet exactly who they do, but we're hooked up with a with a company that and I'm embarrassed to say it but it's it's the largest provider of of MLM websites on the planet. Are you selling an nlm? No, okay. Oh, no, no, man.

Let me let me help you. Let me let me try to maybe prevent you for make going down another rabbit hole. That's probably not gonna be in your best interest. So as part of this program you actually get access to a full page builder Auto responder shopping cart course platform that is not only super simple to use but it's free for the first three months while you're in this plat in this program and kind of building that stuff out so, you know happy to kind of show it to you and kind of walk you through how to use it. But I mean, we already even have a completely kind of pre-built.

Site and email campaign and single lesson course kind of all set up all wired up kind of ready to go. So if that internal or what what's the name of it? This is the platforms called marketing os.io, which is a you know, it's a platform that we don't we don't own in control, but you know, we it's kind of like a white label kind of thing. But but it's super powerful. It's super easy to use and and that's the reason that's the reason we kind of Kind of brought it to the coaching students because you know people were having all sorts of different issues with tech and everybody was using something different.

It was like, hey, let's just give them something especially if they're just getting started that the template that baby out. Yeah, exactly well much as a well on one hand I'd say that's information. I could have used yesterday on the other hand. It's it's a sort of a non-starter. I'm afraid because what we really needed and and man it is harder than you think out there is we do have obviously a referral or affiliate program in our in our larger umbrella, and we could not find anybody that could make Instantly replicated websites and track the Affiliates because we go down.

Oh, I'm going to use the word that that screams MLM but I assure you it isn't even according to the government definition. It's it's two tears. So in other words Somebody's an affiliate. They they never affiliate they get over idea got it. Right.

So it's like 33 and a third percent, you know on their personal sales then somebody else that they that they brought in as an affiliate that that then they get seven percent of theirs and three percent of anyone that that they do do so this company was phenomenal at that and that was enough for the for the principles to go my God. We've been looking at this for two years and everybody promises they can do it. They can't you know, so if you tell me they have that provision in there, I'll really be upset so they don't but Infusionsoft does right well see and this brought it all in in one house one, you know One support team that handles everything and they are really really great at support aspect. So I don't want to waste your time on the I mean, that's fine. Yeah, I just want to make sure you were aware of aware of it.

It doesn't matter to us whether you use it or not. It doesn't matter. We just right and I wouldn't I wouldn't presume to ask you questions about some third-party system like how it works and and thankfully we don't need to because you know, like I say, they're they're available virtually 24/7. So yeah, not up not a problem there. That's right.

I don't know if I can say I'm tearing my hair out. Sometimes that at all this. Oh, I I should mention and just to get your feedback on approach and you'll go. Hey, whatever works, right? No, we um, we're uh also externally in whatever.

We've got a thing that I can create an evergreen. Webby so to speak and you know, okay enough said there so what we set out to do was create a presentation. That was a Webby that had the sin offer in it, you know, the E5 lead up the whole nine yards. I kind of did that and then our Flagship options product. Ah, the guy the guy that was doing it and there were red flags.

We should have noted but he is an absolute jerk and we parted company with him about three days ago eventually the hours and hours. I put in preparing. What I felt was my Mr. Holland's Opus Masterpiece of you know, a presentation and the thing that amazed me was how many webbies have you been on the go on We're Not Gonna Keep you your times valuable two and a half hours later. We're finally getting the offer.

Right? So I I you know, and and I had hundreds and hundreds of slides literally actually video clips not slide and the whole thing ended up being a half an hour. Under a half an hour start to finish and I didn't even know how that happened said did we leave anything out? We must have nope. It's all there.

Let's look at the script. So that was completely enforced thankfully hasten had the way I structured it because I do all the video stuff and the script stuff and all that and the copyrighting and you know, whatever that is all interchangeable. So in other words, we have a meeting. In fact, there's a meeting going on right now for the replacement for the idiot that we parted company with so it's just plugging in a different name instead all everything else still applies. So I don't have much editing to do but so that was a debate we had too.

some of the old school peeps in our organization said Oh, we got a we got to do it live covid ruined it. So now at least I guess we got to go online and and have the typical disgusting. Hey every Thursday night. We're gonna have a zoom meetings like no it needs to be Evergreen and I dialed it into the point where when they arrive on the page to see the presentation slash Webby, it always is starting five minutes from now. Oh how convenient I have time to grab a beer and go to the bathroom and and here's this short presentation great, you know, so that was all dialed in but move so any Yeah, stupid question.

Have you ever had an experience with weather weather a you know in these times a zoom call works better because it's feels so fresh and live versus a pre-recorded simulated webinar happening now or yeah, there's that. There's no comparison between a real live webinar and and an automated one in in a market that is Savvy to To automated webinars which you know, most most Finance investing people probably are at this point. So yeah, I mean. If they know if they know it's an automated webinar, then they're gonna wait for the replay and in most cases. Well that that's what I figured because that's what I would do personally if it you know, it wasn't an inconvenient time or interfered with my favorite TV show or you know, whatever then I would go.

Yeah, I'll wait for the replay but I don't know. I mean and there are there are ways to to make an automated webinar actually feel more alive like like, you know, like it's on zoom and it's or go to webinar or whatever and and all that kind of stuff, but it's not a cheap solution and You know and the stage that you're at right now, I wouldn't. He sounds like you've got a lot of complexity and everything you're doing already. Yeah, you need to simplify and like Focus book is very very focused on one thing. Let's get this thing working then add the other pieces as necessary, but You know the other problem with the problem with webinars is like not only.

You know, obviously the attendance is low, but just the engagement is low too. Like we stopped doing the faked time webinars completely. It was like here just opt-in go to go to the video watch it when you want kind of thing. Well, and and that that was the point, you know, because we were able to miraculously get everything we feel we hope we needed to say and and concisely and everything else, you know in a half an hour. If somebody has been interested enough to go through the prior steps.

They probably want that, you know the answer to that question of you know, why I came here in the first place. I liked what you were offering. Let me give me the details. So Presto he can do that and a half an hour, you know, and do it at your convenience and all that kind of thing, but You're right and and Paul be beat me up about that a little bit. I don't blame him.

It's like well, you haven't really tested the message. You haven't really I mean you we kind of worked it backwards, you know, we we started with well. We got to have something to show him when they get there. And then it becomes well, will they get there? And you can't really answer that question until you dial in you know to test that the message was correct, and I know that's got and we're not we're not at adverse to you know to do in a testing ad spend and then ultimately a real ad spend not a problem, you know there but yeah right now is organic just because of logistics.

Gotcha. What is I mean, I'm an option Trader. What is the message? Oh well. boy, the the deal was that this was a this was a guy with the 30 years experience and he has a student.

The students become mentors and guides and I let me let me backtrack half of half a click the the deal was we were. Toying with the idea of doing a broader Outreach to to normies as opposed to people that are solution aware. Or highly solution aware because then the competition is unbelievable, you know out there and we addressed everything in the competition like, you know here we have a miracle bot. You know, that that it'll do it all while you sleep or here get our attend our free seven hour or get our free book or get our free pamphlet, you know, and all of it is is merely to lure them into to upsell them on more direct coaching services. So we were kind of seeing and it's funny I made you know, of course, once you click on save save video or save post it opens up the floodgates in Facebook, especially and I would seeing nothing in my in my timeline except Competitors which is what I wanted.

No, no, but back to answering your question. So, you know, they they would have two methods. There was a morning meeting and there was of course the last hour of the day called into the clothes into the close the experts would make their picks and then you know, here's here's our pick list for the day and here's a recording of the of the process. You know, how we arrived at these particular picks and again, They he claimed and and he does always show the trades. excuse me, so You know that's kind of more above board, but he claimed that their screening process filters out everything that doesn't have about an 85% chance or better of being a winner.

You know based on deep analysis of the you know of the you know Head and Shoulders triple tops blah blah blah, you know, the whole area so and and 12 ways to to handle a reversal. when an infant occurs and you know seem to know his crap as far as his personality and egomania were was the real problem. Right? Right. Yeah, usually usually the Yeah, not surprising.

So house house options trading been treating you I was doing fine. But yeah, and I'm stuck in a couple credit spreads right now that are oh that are not not in a good place this I'm just kind of rolling them and body biting my time this much as possible. And the other thing that was so galling was and any any showed the the Twitter post to prove it. He called the market top. As January 3rd, and he called it on January 5th.

And he was right. Yes, sir. So, you know, it's like wow. Well, who else the competitors can say that you know that kind of thing, right? You know, so, I mean it was it was beautiful except for him being a total jerk lot.

You know, I mean when we're supposed to be doing stuff for him and you and you ask him. Hey, could you send me the slide deck you were using in that thing? We need to grab a couple of you know of slides out of there and it was like a big imposition like You came to us. We didn't come to you. You know what that's your problem.

But oh well anywho, so I don't know but yeah a lot of lot of plates spinning all at once and I have to force myself. Well, especially since everything else was kind of done. We're like, okay cool. Now that we perhaps did everything in the wrong order and it may be totally wrong message wise now, let's test our messaging. Right, you know so kind of don't now, you know not to tell stories out of school or anything like that.

But you know when when we came aboard The first question I asked was do you guys have experience in high ticket? You know Financial products over here of Agora, you know like yeah. Okay. Well, yes, you know, we certainly do great. So kind of a little problem was Michael the in the former light being an engineer which you know what that denotes as far as OCD and personality type insisted on learning everything about it before he would you know do is he by messaging?

Well took him like five weeks. I do that and then when he finally got there he was focusing on the wrong stuff, which I warned him. But you know, that's neither here nor there I guess but yeah, so my my point was the quote unquote messaging that that we were handed is something I wouldn't have wanted to spend any money testing. Let's just leave it at that. So yeah, how do you know if you haven't tested?

Oh the Eternal the Eternal conundrum. Yeah. That is a that is a point. Well, yeah. Yeah, I mean, I mean there's lots of I mean I'm just saying like there's lots of copy that I've got the same way.

I was like there's no way this is gonna work and then it works. Okay. Well then you can write well it worked. I don't know why I don't care why it worked. Right?

Exactly. Yeah. My favorite thing is I don't I don't care how it works only that it works right exactly. So some yeah, that's a that's a good point. Um, What personally and as someone who's familiar with options it what do you you know, obviously there's not going to be as high a number perhaps in.

in people that are only problem aware, but not not even the biggest part of solution aware and and you know, I've an obviously since those since those posts are are clickable and everything else. I you know, I do the graphics too, and you know. What am I trying to ask here? Oh, do you do you think that if done properly and I think that's kind of Well on one hand, that's what Michael started out saying. Okay.

Well, you know, who's your who's your avatar? Who's your target audience? And we went around with that a little bit what he came up with had certain segments in it that were like a lot of jargon. Things that you know would would cross and normie's eyes and you know, I guess we have to again how can you know without testing you gotta we were looking at the viability or feasibility of a broader Outreach to normies presenting. Options trading with and our big thing was that you'd have a personal one-on-one.

Coach or mentor and and by that somebody would come in in the beginning as a guide which we still can offer by the way and set up their trading account. Set up their charts do everything for them. But our big deal was do you want to do you want to sit there and stare at screens all day long? Because you learned how to or would you rather have somebody Hold Your Hand get you set up. a pre-screen the picks for you tell you what those picks are and even be available to do everything except push the Actual, you know Institute the trade button.

Right. How does that sound to you? And you know, we thought that would have some appeal so why I think it depends on depends on the underlying strategy just some you know, like like if they're swing trains, right, you know, so, you know, they're they're holding the options for for a couple weeks or something like that. That's one thing that's it's a day trade. It's the whole thing right hold right?

Just kind of just kind of defense like what the with the underlying strategy is like, you know, I'll tell you like what I I wanted to learn options for the longest time and always see, you know, I've been training for a while but didn't really grasp options to about two years ago and the guys that finally made it clear for me where the guys over at base camp Trading. And it's you know, and what hooked me in with them was like there they got they gotten a lever 11 hour option. They call it right which it's just it's an SPX. It's an SPX credit spread that you you know, you buy by a Monday Wednesday here Friday and you hold for till the next day, right? So very low risk make 500 bucks trade.

Typically. I'm 20 contracts you. And it's got like a 90% win rate. And so that was you know, that was clean. It was simple.

It was easy. I didn't have to I wasn't looking at Amazon's Char and Tesla's chard. It was just like was SPX gonna do tomorrow. Right, you know? So like for newbies, I would think you know something like that is that simple and that?

foolproof for they don't have to really know the chart necessarily and they're not in the trade that long and exactly, you know. and if you don't mind my asking so what it what did what did End up costing or what were the rungs, you know of in base camp. Well tell us I mean, I mean they can't basically is 97 bucks a month for for daily trading room. That's that runs all morning. Basically from 9 am to 1 pm.

And the dude in there. Just got David Aquino like it's for now seven bucks a month. Dude is gold content. Like I mean, I mean, you're just kind of trading along with him, you know, unlike some rooms where they're like, you know, I can't tell you when to get in or no, he's telling you when to get in when you get out like right and exactly what and why and you know, lots of commentary on them. So I've just learned to talk like looking at the way he reads the charts and and all that kind of stuff so nice that looks a month you're in the The Daily chat room, which is dirt cheap and then and you get those 11-hour trades for free as part of that membership and then you know there was there was a course that you had to take to really kind of understand it which was is 97 bucks for the introductory course and 300 bucks for the advanced Court, like it wasn't a lot of money.

So five hundred bucks probably to learn this one strategy. That's the other interesting thing about their trading room is like, you know, they're constantly doing webinars on different topics and angles and where they'll sell at $2,000, you know two week or actually it's like a four week Workshop typically like two grand but they don't pitch hard like, you know, there's It's worth tonight. It's worth signing up for their stuff and just kind of checking it out because I think they're I think they're one of the the few people that I've met in the financial world that you don't feel that they're Shady. You don't feel like they're pushy. They're not overhyping anything.

It's just like come in here and watch me do what I do everything. I'm gonna do this every day. Anyways, you can watch and I will teach you what I'm doing and you know, if you want some of our courses or they started off as an indicator company originally they're doing education. But so they got a couple Pride area indicators that certainly you want to buy those if you follow what they're doing, but Because we're still we're still shopping, you know. Viable replacements for Our Idiot, although that doesn't sound like there's a whole lot of room in a in a fee structure like that, you know for yeah, no and I don't and I mean that they're actually they're actually fairly decent marketers.

They are I mean, they're decent marketers and the fact that that they don't that they Market well without even really trying is what I'm trying to get at which right exactly and you know, and when you're one of your competitors pseudo competitors is Charles pain who has a a freaking, you know, daily money talk show on Fox. Yeah watch business. It's like yeah, how do you how do you compete? Well, it's you know, it's interesting because I mean I I have access to Scott Bauer stuff too, you know and Scott trades completely differently. I mean still still mostly kind of credit spreads and stuff like that, but right he's he's more about volatility and and all that and I've I started off trying to learn from Scott and I was just Completely overwhelmed very quickly and so like just you know learning this one SPX trade and practicing it three days a week and learning the ins and outs a place in the trade and what happens when the trade goes south and you know, all that kind of stuff on there's this one strategy then gave me then I could go back to Scott's room and be like, all right.

Now I can understand how you're talking right now. I don't feel so done. All right. No, I know the feeling well and that and that's the thing. What was so beautiful unique about this was it's like, you know, and I reference that in the presentation.

It was like it's like well what if I don't want to learn all that stuff. I just need to make money great. You're an exactly the right place at the right time. Wait, somebody will show you somebody it's like someone standing out, you know painting that Vivid that vivid word picture, you know, imagine someone standing over your shoulder telling you exactly what buttons to push or you know, or taking your hand your fing. And lowering it onto the button, you know, whatever open the chat for a second if you could stand it.

I know you got to download it, but that's one of my one I'm proud of graphic. posts that see yeah, and of course this has nothing to do with text sort of but I love this conversation. I appreciate it. Is this a norm by the way are normally like multiple people. I depends yes.

Sometimes will be a lot of people sometimes I get one on one for the price of group coaching. Yeah, exactly. That's that's the benefit of it. Let's see if you so All right. So like I I can't remember the last time I looked at a portfolio statement personally, right?

See nobody does it's Believe It or Not 75% of people either never look or glance at it and toss it in the drawer. But they're gonna get a big shock June statement. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even know if I get mine.

I think mine are all kind of you know, they stop mailing him in in the mail. Yeah, right. So imagine like I didn't look at my balance of TD Ameritrade in front of I get into thinkorswim. It's like exactly exactly so, you know, but that we were we were for one thing it would make them. We hope more aware and go well, maybe I ought to look at that statement, you know, and when they do that is exactly the face they're gonna make especially right now and I guess they declared we're officially bear in a bear market now, what is the prize right?

So, you know the thing, you know somebody that's the thing keep in mind about an ad like this right is just that Okay. Yeah what while I may be thinking that or while I may have that concern. You're you without presenting like to prevent this click tap here. Why why should I like? What do you what do you have that somebody else like You got to tell me why I should click not just tell me to click.

hmm right, like why and I was hoping that was conveyed with this is the facial make when you open your statement, if you'd like to prevent that oh you're saying because it would need because you'll find that it well more concise way of saying it means to be like it needs to be something about your unique, you know, the unique your unique mechanism prevents this You know, like like prevent this by using those blank blank method click here. Right? And I oh and I had such a hard time with with that for the for the literally the reason you just gave what's the compelling reason to click? Okay, the the I don't know. I I pulled some name out of my butt.

You know for that part something. I think I called it expert human analysis, you know or whatever. Eh you or eh J. So, okay now they're faced with all right. Yeah, I'm gonna have a shock.

Look I'm gonna have my my portfolio drop it would be to me. It would almost be like more important to go. This is a you know, this is the face you'll make when you open your next quarterly statement and see that that it has dropped by 30% or 50% or whatever, but that's a lot of text. You know, so right so in other words, it's like okay. So everybody even what you just said I think is potentially crisper, you know, like like, how are you gonna feel when you open your next statement and you're down 50% Okay, like well, you look like this.

Alright, right, but then then I'm also supposed to add the unique mechanism into that which I guess would be one more line or half line saying with Insert insert unique mechanism here. You you won't you this won't happen to you. Yeah. Yeah would be something like, you know, yeah Traders following the XYZ method aren't having our aren't worried about this at all. Click here to find out why or something like that, right?

That's see ya and that's a good that's the kind of stuff when Paul gets to talk. That's the kind of stuff like you just gave that's awesome. And that's super helpful. You know because I I thought it's like okay, I'm gonna be shocked when I open my statement. I would like to prevent that.

Let me let me find out a little more about this but you I mean, I mean you want to go if you want to go even deeper like, you know, it would be like something along the lines of like I'm not sure what the images right but it's like, you know, what's gonna happen. What's what are you going to say or what's gonna happen if your wife happens to open the statement? Oh. That's why I don't let her open it right but I mean, yeah, like like if my wife if my wife right now and you how down like she'd be like what the hell are you doing you right or what? What's the old refrained?

I I've been down so freaking long that it looks like up to me, right? But yeah just paper losses honey. Just paper losses. We're good. Even my son who who should know better.

You know, I was talking to him about some of the stuff. Hey, you may want to you know, look into this program and he's like, hey, it's not a real loss unless I go to sell it, right? Yeah. Yes. That's absolutely true.

But how do you deal with the mental anguish of I have a fifty thousand dollar portfolio and now it's only 25 and it's dropping, you know, oh it it. Comes back since he's never lived through like I did the Carter malaise and everything else. You know, I mean, there's whole Generations born that have never seen even a bear stock market if you think about it well and that's what got me screwed too, you know, like not not just the bear Market but like I I got waste into this. Well, no, I you know, I want to avoid bosses, right so bad credit spread that was going going the wrong way. I wasn't gonna take the 10 dollar loss when I could roll it spread, you know, add another five bucks to spread and get a credit for rolling it.

Hey, this is great, you know and and sadly it's almost kind of that same Mantra or or thing that that keeps people in Vegas doubling down because oh I can't walk out with this kind of lost. Right but a little more let me double down and and make it all back up again, right? And yeah, and so now I've got a couple credit spreads in Amazon and Shopify that are like hundred dollars, right? Oh and expanded and rolling and expand it and yeah. Hello.

Welcome to the welcome. Just like come on. Just give me one little pop like, you know, I'm rolling and come on seven. Exactly. Exactly.

Exactly. That's so funny. But and you know, we have so many other things that we offer. We just wanted a a high ticket Flagship item. Maybe it might be time to rethink that whole deal and just get as much storable food as we possibly can as ready and be ahead of the curve.

Well, yeah or teach she bought an invest in in week Commodities. Yeah. Well one thing that was kind of interesting you'll get a kick out of this the thing that this guy, you know, he did a we ask them to do a five-minute scare everybody to death with charge presentation. It ended up being 10. I was able to cut it back down to like six but it was it was horrible horrible, you know, some people may be great Traders other maybe others may be great teachers.

This guy was definitely not a presenter, you know for that goes. So I mean we had we had extracted the script and we were gonna do it ourselves instead, you know, but he pointed out he says If you want the greatest indication and you always do this thing, you've heard follow the money follow the money see what the money's doing. Okay inverse inverse ETF and it was sitting there every day hovering around. Yeah, 10 15 million volume it skyrocketed up and it's still skyrocketing up. It was over 65 million at the time that he that he showed that chart.

So it's like hey forget all this nonsense. I'll just go in the the inverse ETF. That's probably the best play right now, you know because it ain't but I I had one of those I had like the what was sicks or something like that. I think it was yeah. Yeah, so that that didn't work out either like I was like, yeah, that's all right.

It's the fixed mean reversing. It's gonna come back always comes back. Right right. But yeah, but then the ETF blew up Right. Yeah, exactly.

Well while you can never time your trades or time the market the trend and that was his whole point. You look at these charts here. Here's the here's the you know, this was a retracement. This wasn't a reversal. That's what fooled everybody.

I mean you knew what he was talking about, you know, and he was he was mainly playing with apple believe it or not. He had several but then again when when Apple and Microsoft account for 13% of the S&amp;P 500 though, those are kind of maybe the only two you got to watch, you know, especially if you're doing vertical spreads and all that that all right, whatever we certainly digress. How long are these calls supposed to be by the way? Um, I mean, they can go up to two hours. If really I mean but believe me, I'm not complaining.

I was being cognizant of your valuable. Yeah. Yeah, I usually stay on to one depending it. You know, nobody's nobody's on after one. And what what part of the country are you I'm right outside of Raleigh, North Carolina.

Oh, okay. So you're Eastern Time, right? Yeah. I'm in Ohio. Nice.

I yeah, I I lived in Texas forever and loved it. But talk about Horror Story my my best friend and who became my landlord. Higher, he came and rescued me, you know during my faithful divorce after 37 years mind you or she wakes up one morning and says, I'm not happy. So what you know, you think I'm happy, you know, whatever. But any who so I I was able to give her the house which I built myself and I only had 10 grand in it and that sounds weird but it was 2,000 square feet.

So and I had a catch mother-in-law unit the whole nine yards, but I was very happy to give her a house and even keep any residual communal bills in exchange for no alimony. And yeah, and I did it myself. So that was fun the divorce. I mean, so any who so he rescues me. I was gonna crash on his couch for a while 10 years later.

I had turned a 53 foot shipping container into a post divorce man palace. All I was paying I have my own electricity, which was a rural Co-op. It was like like in the summer in Texas near like 60 miles Northwest of Dallas out in the country. It was it was like 80 bucks. You know, normally it was 30.

We shared water we shared Netflix and other than my ISP I had I had no and you know and my own electricity. I had no expenses. Well, he ends up getting covid. Of course, you know, it was it was all the rage and he man, we had a doctor that he introduced me to right around the corner that would have written a script for anything if you know what I mean wink what they have more and he he gets sake he bypasses that And because he was a vet. He stupidly goes to the VA, right so they they test him and go.

Oh you got bronchitis, whatever go home. Take this, whatever. It keeps getting worse. Then they call them frantically going. Uh, oh we kind of messed up on the test.

You got covid. You don't have to come here, but you better get somewhere. So we go goes to the hospital. They check him in give him of course. What's what's the prescribed treatment so they can justify the extra money.

They get for covid patients. Remdesavir. Oh, yeah sure enough. Like here's the cookie cutter timetable three days later trouble breathing. Oh now we got to put it you on event and I'm like get out of there.

Why didn't you go to the why didn't you go to our doctor? You know, because that's what I did what when I got it and how I got it was hilarious. Drove himself there didn't tell me anything drives himself there. So he's posting on Facebook. Look I'm doing my breathing thing in the little you know, raise the bubbles on they say I'm doing better every day.

Four days later. Oregon shut down then he dies, right? Yeah one so he's before right before that. He said hey my car sitting out there, you know bacon can can you go pick it up and bring it home? Yeah, sure whatever.

So like an idiot. I thought okay 150 degrees bacon, you know that probably killed anything in there. So I didn't take any, you know, super extra precautions and the precaution I needed to take was not touching the steering wheel without gloves. So sure I end up getting it. Well, what do I do?

I go to the our doctor buddy around the corner. He gives me the ivermect and protocol, you know with the back and all that stuff three four days. I was fine. Absolutely fine, but the kids who Me that oh, man. It's no problem.

You know this land has been in our family for Generations, you know, we got to preserve the Legacy ten seconds a few moments later. We're gonna sell it. You got two weeks to get out and what it really, you know, so I'm trying to find people and places to move my giant, you know, semi truck long. You know Tin Can two and everything else and it was a it was a nightmare. Well, thankfully my son and grandkids and everything lived in Ohio.

So I'm like, well, I'm loading up the truck and I I'm rolling your way and then good luck trying to find a affordable apartment. Not in the hood in Winter. All right, that's when I ended up coming but I did thankfully and yeah, that's my that's my fun story but wolf. So here we are but whatever. Mmm.

All right, well gosh, I can't even think of, you know, anything anything much more to ask and we're five minutes before the witching hours. But I love see and that was the kind of feedback that I needed. Like I think that Graphics pretty freaking awesome of I do say so myself and some may agree, but I'm lacking those elements that you pointed out that where's the compulsion to click? You know, I figured it would stop the scroll, but I I didn't go far enough in the thing. And that's pretty much why we wanted the coaching that's for here for yeah, I mean look man, like it like, you know happens to me all the time too.

Like, you know, that's that's one of the things that Todd is a master at is like, oh little nuances like that and like, you know again, you know adding adding what single letter to a word or just adding a word or changing a word or changing a verb like changes things dramatically. So yeah, but you and your versus you know, and well what sucked me and was I saw Todd do a sort of live fix up critique of that of that poor helpless kid with the free guitar lessons. Yeah. Yeah. I said, oh my God, these are things I knew instinctively, you know, like oh, yeah, you know, you got to make make them resonate with it like you will or you know that you can you will learn, you know, little subtleties like that.

I said, oh this guy speaking my language Let me see what he's offering here. You know, and I mean I didn't honestly expect to be Hand mentored by Todd, you know, obviously, but hey figured anybody that was in the in the org, so to speak would be you know, equally awesome. And Paul does that, you know to a degree too Michael all about the Excuse me, the the five process. I don't I'm sick of cpb chunks. Let me just give you a list, you know here here's our unique features, you know, go forth do something tell me what how to frame that right, you know, whatever.

Nope gotta stick to the steps like yeah. Okay, and I I get it, you know as I say once I found out that he had been an engineer like, oh now I understand. Yeah, that's why that's why he's like that but yeah it the wrong wrong personality type to deal with the for me, you know, not that I don't Harbor any ill will or anything just like oh my God, can we get to the can we get to the point, you know, like like things like you just did. Hey, why don't you add this, you know so good. That's why you get a variety of us.

That's it. Yeah, and one of my other great things is two heads are better than one and more heads are better than that. What was your name again? I'm sorry. Ready, Daddy.

All right, like the bear. Yeah. All right. Well, this was awesome. And I guess so.

Yeah for like of anything else. I'll I'll hope to have my stuff together a little better to ask intelligent and related Tech questions as opposed to a rambling, you know, Soliloquy on everything but I'll get buddy good get to know you. Thanks, man. All right, man. Enjoy you Memorial Day.

Have a good one. Yeah. I got a fam cookout flash grandkid. One of them's birthday. The family is hilarious.

It's it's a big family and they never do a single thing because they'd be doing a hundred of them a month. So they they combine everything as much as possible. So it's like it's always somebody's anniversary. Somebody's birthday a holiday a barbecue all rolled into one and that cuts down tremendously on how many, you know things you got to attend you know with the The ant all right. Catch you later, Teddy go buddy.

Take care.
