---
title: "Tech 2021-10-22 15:57:17"
date: 2021-10-22
duration: 1h 18m
duration_seconds: 4702
vimeo_id: 637962468
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-10-22 15:57:17

**Date:** 2021-10-22 | **Duration:** 1h 18m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I can't believe just like push of the button and it's boom. What do you, when I'm ready with all those items for the minimum viable funnel, what
do I do with that?

Do I submit it to you? I mean, if you want Michael to look at the VSL, I'm sure he would, but once you have the
VSL done, then I would hand them off to your tech guy and let him-
Yeah, and have him build out the actual funnel, yeah, and have him build out the actual funnel. Okay, so he's going to do that, but do you oversee anything or you check on anything? I'll look it over before it actually launches and we start driving traffic to it and things
like that, for sure. Oh, okay.

Oh, okay. So what do you want to, I mean, I'm just kind of actually aiming for a list that you might give
me so that when you say, when you look over it, what are you going to look over it? My VSL slides? Or when you look at my Captivation page or Opt-in page or what you look at? So two totally different, so like, you know, Michael's already, Michael's already worked
with you on the copy and the messaging and all that.

So that's-
That's really solid, yeah. That should be pretty much finalized, right? So you're going to hand over all that copy of messaging to Kurt along with the VSL file. He'll build the funnel and click funnels and connect it to whatever, Infusionsoft, I can
look over that to make sure it's set up right and, you know, everything's in place in terms
of, you know, the URL structure and like, but it's not stuff that you got to really be a
part of, like that's more techie stuff for us. Okay.

Okay. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, you're, you're, I think, I think the, the issue you might run into
is that you're almost at the finish line and there's not a lot left for you to do. Yeah. I'm really glad about that, but I just don't want to miss any steps too, Teddy.

Yeah. Right. Are you guys seeing my dog right now, by the way? He won't. Yes.

Get off the camera. Walter, get off the camera. That's cute. Sorry. More importantly, I see your Ms.

Pac-Man machine and that's awesome. Oh yeah. Well, it's kind of like Halloween, you know, the hair. That's my Walter. So yeah, really all you got to do is give them the copy.

Okay. You know, if there's any imagery or anything that you want for anything that you have images
or any testimonials or any of that, if that was part of a copy that you and Michael talked
about. Yep. It's all in there. It's embedded in the testimonials are not so much imaging.

We're just like really plain. Yeah, that's fine. We want to keep it simple because images have a profound effect on, you know, so I don't
want to introduce that necessarily. You want to, does the messaging work? Okay.

Very simple. So yeah, there's not, it's pretty simple at this point. That's all you got to give. Okay. Okay.

Great. And then my last little question is what kind of traffic captivation pages have you
seen that really works? Well, you know, when you, is there one that converts really well? Usually they're very, they're very simple. Usually it's just the, the headline potentially the headline, the form, usually the simpler you
keep them, the better they work.

A really good. Is there any favorite that you have? That's converted really well. Yeah. I got to find them.

I'll have to find it and get you access and send it. Okay. Okay. Maybe I'll hook back up with you. Maybe next week.

Yeah. Or I can email it to you. I'll find it. I'll find it before then. Okay.

Okay. That'd be great. Thank you so much, Teddy. You're welcome. That's good for me.

Okay. Awesome. Okay. Bye, Amy. Bye.

Thank you, everybody. You're welcome. So I'm not usually on my couch, but it doesn't foster the right energy, but I'm just not
feeling like a million bucks. So I'm sorry. Forgive me.

Okay. So hopefully this is an easy one today. The zap's not zapping. I think I, well, I think I know why. I think just off.

Couldn't turn it up. I didn't, I wasn't noticing. I finally was like, okay, I need to set up my email automations and whatnot. So I think one, we need to turn it on, but two, then I want to go back and export the
list from ClickFunnels and drop it into Klaviyo, which is not my jam as far as like Excel. So can we do that together?

Yeah. Okay. Let me share my screen. Okay. Here.

Right. Okay. So there's my zap. Okay. Yeah.

So definitely got to turn it on. Okay. Uh, and then we can, we can test it by either placing an order or, and you probably should
click on, click into it and rename it as well. Let's see what it is. I'll just call it CF orders to Klaviyo or something.

Hey, Edward, how you doing? Hey, Teddy, I'm doing great. Good. How about you, man? I'm doing good, brother.

Doing good. I'm actually, I'm out in Charlotte with Todd and Damien doing a little offsite strategy
meeting. So it's been good. Oh yeah. Is it happening today?

Well, it's top one is top one is next week. This is just kind of one is next week. Okay, cool. This is a little, this is like the post-match retreat. Yeah.

I always hear Todd talking about this top one. I don't know what it is. What is it? It's our mastermind group. It's, it's, it's where you will be coming soon at Edwards, a member of it.

And it's been in there for almost over a year now. A year now. Yeah. Yeah. Right on.

Hi, Edward. That's the next level for you. Amy. Awesome. Love it.

We got to get you. We got to get you over a million though. Yeah, we'll get there. Yeah. All right.

So that, so that's good. We turned it on. All right. And Zapier. Yeah, it's, it's on.

Perfect. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah.

So do you want to test it, put through an order and make sure. I'll test it in a bit. Like maybe that will, can we move over the previous contacts into my
Klaviyo list? And then while you're talking to Edward, I can do. Yeah.

Cause it's going to take a minute for ClickFunnels to generate the list
as well. So let me show you how to go. Did you already download the list? No. No.

Uh, yeah. So just click on contacts. And change, change what's his last 30 days to all time. And then just click download contacts and that will email it to me. Oh, it's quick.

Look at that. Bam. Download. All right. Let me just click.

What now? Uh, open that up. Oh, okay. Let's look at it. Did that not open?

Right. Um, why didn't that open? It's opening. Oh, it's opening. Okay.

No. Okay. There it is. All right. Uh, I have fun.

I don't know. Most of that crap doesn't matter. So let's just clean it up a little bit. Let's just delete those first three columns. Let's get rid of the, everything between email and last name.

Um, uh, uh, shipping and everything probably after shipping zip. Well, maybe not everything. Let's see. Scroll over. So I would say everything after phone number, definitely need to get rid of.

So after column Z. unless you want to create fields in clavio for gender and age range and all that kind of stuff
i would say we could probably get rid of all that stuff too so all this everything between shipping
zip and phone number great all right so save that as a new file oh i just want to get rid of myself
yeah where that paul dude and paul bye paul bye paul alicia
now was there an opt-in on the funnel or these are all buyers these are all buyers okay
okay i'll go on clavio
so you've got the click on yeah
and that's that one person that we had like whatever zapped with tech testing it whatever with
uh yeah so yeah i don't know where go back step for a minute or actually uh click on the three
little dots there yeah i think it was here edit um important yeah yeah
full name stay on that address one you should have
so address one yeah so and just so just go through each drop down and just find
this one doesn't have a full name no that's fine and you can just leave a blank it'll
okay uncheck it on the left there okay
uh and then you can i assume the address fields are the same for billing and shipping no no not
necessarily uh
it's interesting yeah this one actually doesn't have the same this would be the billing
and this would be the shipping though i don't know that i care i'm not going to be sending them
marketing mail snail mail
yeah we have what i'm saying is the the export didn't have both it only had one set of address
fields i think did it i think it had both
let's check
oh yeah billing shipping yeah all right yeah okay so then yeah you gotta line those up then
okay okay i just have something that says
billing
no oh i see so clavio doesn't have right right
got it got it okay yeah so
but we can leave this shipping address one right because that's what it is this is bill
well you can yeah i mean but if you don't have fields firm and clavio then you can just uncheck them
and then okay cool
phone you do want yeah
uh
you don't actually have consent to smsms i wouldn't worry about that
no we're gonna have to deal with that in a um
we're gonna do i uncheck that then
uh
you can choose to update their consent click on the update sms consent
no okay no i'm not gonna because we're gonna do an sms um through attentive we're gonna try to
figure out how to build attentive sms into somehow the funnel like confirmation page or something like that
but i don't want to i don't want to take it from the billing information
so i'm gonna uncheck this
okay
all right and
there should be a button somewhere that says
report review
that should do it
cool
um so do we want to um
i'm happy to kind of step back for right now and
yeah go ahead and place a test order and make sure this app works
yeah so i'll i'll step back in the background now and do some
you know test ordering whatnots
sounds good
sounds good okay
all right edward what are you working on
sure
hey teddy uh so yeah so i've just launched a new high ticket application funnel and i was wondering
how to go about automating or setting up automation to to do kind of like a round robin tagging system
for my my sales guys so uh let me just share my screen so that you can have a bit more context here
and then uh later on i have my operations manager here
epi uh later on she might have some questions and then we kind of go from there but then
uh let me just show you real quick right now it's just a really simple funnel
opt-in video
and then uh this is like a calendly
embed page and then
we redirect them to the success page
uh right now
and then the automation behind that is basically
basically this line right here right
so we've got opt-in
uh some follow-up emails
once they booked the call through
through uh calendly through this page right here
i've made it work so that uh with plus this actually
so that once they book a call uh let me see this should load right here
and right so here it is the county once they book a call here i use plus this
so that it would tag the contact and then we would send them
um well this automation right here it basically sends them this one email this confirmation email
and then what we used to do uh is that we send our admin the the the info that the the the contact
entered in the county calendly event through the custom fields
so so basically it would send it to her right here our admin
and then she would distribute them to our sales guys
but i was wondering if there is an automation that we could set so that
you know since we got let me take a look right here we got uh four four guys one two three four
uh would it be possible to send it to because the appointments come to them by
a round robin basis so i was wondering if we can kind of set a tagging system so that it
won't really just send everything to her alone here but instead it could kind of
send it to each of the sales guys right like that uh so so there are are you married to calendar
for any particular reason no okay not necessarily yeah so so if you're not married to calendar
then i would recommend that you actually switch to schedule once um schedule once okay yeah we used
to do that before yeah well so there's a couple a couple reasons um number one schedule once um
um has better control over the round robin right like you can right you can wait it differently in
terms of you can create a resource pool of reps and you can say you know hey this reps attend so he
gets more leads than this number six rep kind of guy uh wait it like that but more importantly like
the schedule once integration with infusion is super tight um so you don't have to use plus this or
anything like that so once they schedule so i'll show i'll kind of i'll just show you kind of
is that what you guys are using as well yeah that's what we use that's it
uh
let's see
um
uh
uh
uh
uh so yeah so by default uh you know when a when an appointment's scheduled first of all in the
contact record it creates an actual appointment event right so you can see all the appointments that
are that are scheduled um
and but more the most important part is under the tagging stuff
um so under the tagging i can say you know basically you know each the way schedule once
works is each sales rep has a booking page and then you can have like a master booking page
for an event type right so for us it's it's an epod strategy session that that will pull availability
from any of these booking pages and then once it books the calendar once it books it i'm basically
applying a tag and infusion of which rep got the booking yeah uh and then based on that there's this
campaign so the tag for every rep and all this is really doing is setting up uh all right well what's
that reps full name what's that reps email what's that phone number so i can personalize the emails
as if they're coming from the rep uh
right
and then this trigger then then it triggers a tag that the sales rep was assigned
once a sales rep has been assigned that lead then flows over to salesmate uh which is what we use
for the crn life drive and sales mate we use sales mate only i i don't like infusions opportunity
manager or anything it's just horrible and i don't want all my sales reps inside of infusion anyways
right so um so this this tag being assigned that triggers a zap that moves them over in the sales mate
uh and then the reps work the lead from there so yeah we don't have nobody has to manually round
bob and anything i mean you can easily notify the rep in this little sequence hey you got a new
booking but they're gonna get they're gonna get the notification from schedule once anyways so you
don't have to notify them um they'll get all that uh and the deal shows up in their in their pipeline
cool got it so you actually have like a separate sales crm yeah and not have it lumped everything
but then i thought you could also make an infusion like a sub account where you can kind of kind of
restrict their access is that yeah so the issue is so the issue there's a couple issues number one
infusion typically charges 50 bucks a month per user oh really okay where some of the sales the sales
platforms are cheaper than that so again the one the one we use is salesmate salesmate.io
there's a couple things i like about it uh number one the the phone lines are integrated with it
right so it'll okay and then we can also track outbound calls with this so now just yeah yeah
it'll record every call okay we'll store it with the deal so you have all that um and they actually
just launched they actually just launched this automations journey which is very similar to
infusions uh campaign builder so you could actually build out a lot of the same types of flows inside
of here uh which potentially a little bit nicer right so like for instance sms right the the sms messages
coming out of here then allow any of the sales reps to to pick up that conversation and and try to book the
call or whatever um because there's like a central inbox for for text messaging yes and then obviously
they charge for the sms individually right yeah but it's like pennies okay yeah it's i mean both both
the sms and the the phone lines are really relatively cheap um what i'm saying is just just knowing that
you have another kind of campaign builder in here so once the lead is handed off to this pipeline we
we're actually probably going to start building a lot of the automations inside of here um just to
keep it kind of all in one system in terms of the sales process and you know again because if you try
to send an sms from infusion and then the rep tries to text them later it's coming from a different
phone number now they don't recognize it or yeah having an sms conversation first of all you can't have
two way sms conversations with the infusion sms thing so this is just kind of a more streamlined
thing and they really recently just launched this um so we're just kind of getting started playing with
it but um yeah you can build out some pretty complex stuff in here in terms of we've got split tests and
it's good it's pretty well they did a pretty good job i i must admit uh it was so you can get nice and
intricate just like you can in the vision or did you build all that or is that like a pre-built thing
no i built all this yeah but this was basically just taking taking a bunch of leads we wanted to test out
four different split uh text messages to them so you know split it in half and split it in half again
and then tag them which message we sent them send them a message and then and then this is also cool
too right like i can track whether they replied and i can ask them i can track whether they replied
based on a certain word right yes if they replied yes or no i can tag them based on that so
that's awesome and how how are you guys tracking the sales guys like their their calls their the
calls closed ratios and all that do they have like a separate tracking sheet or could you do that
i recognize that voice
great wow you guys having uh yeah we're having we're having you guys just masterminding in in
that area right now or yeah yeah we're in a little airbnb that's cool um so basically so there's a
there's a bunch of zapier integrations between sales mate and infusion right so yeah okay like so
when they drag two of these together to make one yeah yeah so i zap all the d i zap all the deals
when they submit when they submit the application or when they schedule they get zapped into these two
columns right sales reps will then move them throughout the board and when they move them
to whatever no show for instance what's up mr edward tang how's it going damian uh when they get moved to
no show or or whatever then that'll apply a tag back in infusion so if they get moved to no show
zapier is listening for that applies a tag and infusion that they know showed and then that starts
a campaign and infusion that they know showed but that's where i'm saying like now that sales
mate has his automation stuff i'm probably going to get rid of all that zapping back and forth
and i'll just i'll just build a no show campaign inside of here um because then the other nice thing
is when it sends emails through here it's sending emails like directly from the sales reps gmail
account yeah right so it's actually more better deliverability it's more personalized like all that
kind of stuff too i think so the sales rep would all have like a sub account here and then they could
kind of update what's going on with their leads and their their prospects correct yeah right here okay yeah
so when that when they're on the phone with the lead they'll you know it'll have the whole record
of all the text conversations between them or any setters or or whatever that were involved in the
process uh you know the rest notes they can schedule their follow-up activities they can keep track of you
know to send them a contract or whatever all that can be here um and you know any data that we have
about them from infusion gets pulled in here any of the application info or how much they've spent with
us or you know whatever uh pull that stuff in here so the rep when he's looking at because the reps only
seeing the deal here right so this is where they're making the decision of how they're going to talk to
them and approach and stuff like that that's great man yeah edward um and hi teddy this is epi um
i've titled myself edward's assistant and that's all true this is a this is a great system in the
process that i'm seeing here i'm really excited to see it because one of the reasons why i've asked to
join is i want to raise a couple of questions one of which is what i'm seeing now so what you were saying
is um different sales reps they will have different access right because for example what we do is we
want to separate you know for example we have 100 leads a day um 20 will be assigned to a uh 20 will
be assigned to b etc but we don't want to we don't want a to c b's um leads is that possible yeah yeah
there's there's a bunch of there's a bunch of permission settings in here i'm obviously logged in
as an admin but yet by default when i'm looking at my at this pipeline i'm only going to see my
stuff right that's great and for whatever reason um rep a they want to escalate or they want to
reassign this to someone else would they be able to do that as well yeah yeah so in in any of the deals
um i can i can i can share it with other teammates i can invite other other people that are well so
participants would be like other people in the prospects company that might be involved in
negotiation or whatever but yeah i can i can easily include other reps or assign the entire deal to
a different rep that's awesome hey thank you yeah and these guys these guys are really good support wise
too like they're on the money there's live chat you get an answer literally within five minutes and if
it's not clear they'll hop on a zoom and walk you through it like support support's been great
haven't had any issues with the platform going down or breaking or and they keep adding new stuff and
making it better there is a calendaring system in here as well we haven't used it yet um
you know that's not going to integrate with infusion but you know so that's part of it like now that this
has the automation journeys and stuff like and it has calendaring there's potentially the ability to
do everything just in here and not even have it an infusion just have infusion do the marketing stuff
that's doing to generate leads and get somebody to book but once they're booked like everything else
happens inside of here and that way you're not trying to really marry the two systems together so much
um there's a good reporting suite in here as well um that you can kind of kind of see you know what's
going on how many leads are progressing through the pipeline and how much each rep's doing and
how many calls they make how many tasks they schedule meetings that they have like there's
what you know decent reporting in here as well and again that way you're not having to integrate
two systems and move a lot of data back and forth yeah that was going to be gone you go first no you
go first no it's just about to say so this is just this one platform where where they would all insert
their their information and then we could also pull out the stats in the same place right like we
don't have to bounce around with like multiple things yeah no in full transparency like we don't use
these stats well i don't use these stats a lot we've but that's because we've got we've got domo
which is our our main stat system which is just pulling in data from everywhere um and the way we
currently have it set up like all of our reporting is really based on infusion tags right there's a
an opt-in an application submitted a scheduled and a showed no showed no showed and bought and like
just based on those five tags we can report even just through graphly like i could build a tag funnel
in graphly it's like all right so many people that scheduled and didn't show or trying to do what
scheduled and bought or you know that kind of stuff cool got it
yeah yeah yeah because that was a good it was half half of what i wanted to know as well is that
um because i see we've you're using the salesmate.io and then at the same time keeping all the database
you know infusion keep uh what we're trying to do essentially is um to start to segment our customers
or give them a profile it doesn't have to be complicated and you just mentioned just now that
in keep in infusion software you would have different tags like no show um or paid or not paid how
would we how can we go about doing that in you know without too much complication because all we
have opting we have paid and then that's it uh if we want to start to be more sophisticated with our
customer profiles how can we do that with the two systems that you've just shown us yeah so like i said
it's basically just a zapier integration so i mean they're both fully integrated to zapier right
right so our zapier integration is is basically like i said just really look looking at well i'll show you where
it is um um so set up and it's under
oh workflows
and so basically you know add show tag and infusion via zapier web web hook right so this basically happens
uh when the pipeline is when they're in the sales pipeline and the stage is equal to one of these
stages um then then mark them basically notify zapier with a web hook and mark them as showed inside of
infusion that kind of thing awesome awesome so but if we are not using um this salesmate.io at the moment
how can we go about doing that just with infusion is there any way that we can do that yeah um and you
don't have an application do you have an application or they they just go straight to the calendar
yeah they just go straight to the calendar uh it's it's in the calendar thing so like they would um
um well what is this all right so they would book a time and then in same
what's that sorry yeah no so what i was gonna say so so our setup is they opt in for some sort of front
end or they buy it buy a front-end product whatever they at some point end up on on a page to apply for
first strategy call that that strategy call form is actually built in response suite uh you could do
it with an infusion form sort of uh the reason we use response suite is one we can see the aggregate
data easily of you know what's the desired income that people are like you see pie charts of the data of
the form easier um but also the uh the ability to route them to a different page based on their
answers right so if i want to disqualify people that don't have a product to sell or they're an
affiliate marketer i can route them to a disqualified page or some other offer as opposed to sending them
to the calendar that way i'm not filling up the calendar with unqualified leads better now that
creates a friction point you'll get people that apply and then don't schedule so now you've got
this other group of leads that you got to work and get to schedule uh for whatever reason but so that's
how we so response suite same thing tight integration with infusionsoft so when they submit the application
it tags them as either qualified or disqualified and it tags them if they submitted the application
so i'll just show you that campaign in here just to give you kind of a glimpse of it
uh oh somebody's in there right now so i can't show it to you unfortunately but anyway so yeah so it's
uh so so that's the first step right that the the application profile submitted tag gets applied
then there's a sequence trying you know again get profile submitted next thing they need to do is
schedule we're going to assume that they're not going to schedule so there's a sequence in between
there to get them to schedule once they schedule uh that puts them over into salesmate then that
schedule tag being applied starts a kind of pre-call campaign with case studies and testimonials and
kind of basic overview of the e5 method so that when they get on the call without having to do a whole
lot of generic education about who we are and what we do and why our stuff works um and then
the outcome of that is either they showed for the call or they didn't show for the call
they didn't show for the call it goes into a rescheduling sequence if they did show for the call
then uh you know what was the outcome they were thinking about it uh or they didn't buy and if they
didn't buy then it's a down sell to the master class got it awesome okay yeah we'll yeah thank you very much
awesome well thank you so much teddy so i'm going to go ahead and and try to figure out the schedule
once soon uh for now though do you know if there are any possible ways i can do that that with
calendly doing that that round robin tagging system or is it just preferable if i i mean i'm sure you
could do it in zapier i mean in zapier okay with the calendly integration you could i'm sure calendly
sends over like because calendly is currently doing the round robin right yes that's correct
yeah yeah so if calendly does around robin when it sends it over to zapier it should tell you who
the sales rep was uh okay and then you could just apply a tag for that sales rep uh and well i guess
i guess what i'm unclear of is what is the part that's having to be done if calendly is
doing the round robin what is the manual part that's left afterwards notifying the sales rep
tagging the sales reps yeah okay yeah so yeah zapier booking scheduled in calendly
zap listening for that that information from calendly should have the sales rep
and then just if this sales rep then apply this tag kind of logic inside of zapier
so what so part of the way you could potentially do that in zapier is uh you can basically build like
a lookup table right with with each sales reps because we actually have to do this to send it
over to schedule once um so
um
All right, so here it's coming in, it's coming in from Keith telling me that the submitted
tag had been applied, and then that's going to contain, you know, because I'm setting
the sales rep's name into those custom fields, remember that campaign, right? So now I've got this lookup table, it's like based on the sales rep's name, what is their
user ID in SalesMate, and I just kind of hard code this table, and when I add new reps,
I add them to this table. And so you could do the same thing with like tag IDs, right? You could say, hey, if the sales rep's name from Calendly matches this, then apply tag
ID number 34 in Infusion, right?

When you update the contact in Infusion, you would use the output value of this step as
the tag ID value to apply to the contact, if that makes sense. Yeah, absolutely. I'm definitely going to test this out first then. Thank you so much, Teddy. Cool, man.

That's all I got. All right, awesome. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Thanks.

Hey, Bronze. We got the other side of the world on this call, Amy. We're being treated. I'm loving this. I'm learning so much.

So I just wanted to tell you real quick, it worked. I did the transaction sale went through, my email address went into it again. But I'm excited to learn from Bronze. So I'm going to be, I'm staying anyway. Okay, cool.

Hi, Bronze. Nice to meet you. Bronze is another rock star that's in top one as well. Oh, my goodness. I'm in a fun meeting today.

We're trying to get Amy to, we're trying to get Amy to top one level. Amazing. Amazing. Oh, my God. I rarely see, I've never seen Edward in the E5 call.

Yeah, he's rarely on, but usually it's his call because it's usually, it's usually that
it's like some sort of tech thing he's trying to figure out. Really? Actually, there's, I mean, I haven't, I haven't seen you actually after the first time that
I asked a bunch of questions because the tech is still not moving forward. But we're soon going to move forward with getting the CRM in place. And that's where I need to book a call with you separately, just for the CRM and also
the tracking.

But today actually got a few things. I got a few things. Got a few things. I don't know if this is a question that I can ask you, but since you're the last call
of the week. So I kind of wanted to ask you as well.

So I've been, I, can I share my screen? Mm-hmm. Yeah. So, um, I've just finished, uh, finally, I've been working with Michael and I've just
finished a E5, um, writing a E5, um, you know, uh, campaign sales page. And there is, um, so right now I'm planning to do two version.

One is a video, uh, version with the, you know, easy VSL kind of thing. And then one is the text, uh, one is the text version. And right now there's one for the text version. I kind of, oh, I can't share. I think you're still sharing.

Oh, okay. So for the, um, text version, I plug everything in, but it feels like everything is very plain. I don't know if it is a right question for you. I know you do the tag, but I don't know if you do any layout, but I'm just wondering,
is there anything that I should be thinking or populating to make it kind of look a little
bit less plain? That's kind of.

No, no, no. And particularly in general, you want to like, uh, oh, you weren't on the beginning call,
but I was saying to somebody else, but yeah, in general, you want to kind of keep the, uh,
the minimum viable funnel fairly plain because really we're testing the, the message, um,
and the, you know, the more images you add and colors and design you add to it, like that
has the ability to kind of skew the results without really trying to, right? So like to some degree, kind of keeping it plain, uh, helps to prove is the messaging on,
on the right track. Got it. Okay.

I think that is a good reminder. So then I probably will just keep it relatively plain then. Okay. That's fine. Um, and other question that I have was, um, about, um, I didn't know that if click funnel
have got that function where we don't review the button of, uh, the buy button.

Uh, up until a certain degree, is there that function? Yeah. There's the ability to hide it until a certain amount of time on the page. Really? And how do I do that?

Because, uh, Michael was talking about, you know, there's this function. I was like, I didn't know that. Yeah. I'm just, uh, so, so this is a replay webinar replay. Okay.

And then how do I do that? Click on the button, click on the little gear icon, go to advanced and go to animation up above. Oh, oh. And so you just set it to fade in and fade in at whatever time on page you want. Hmm.

Okay. Wow. And that's it. As soon as you turn that on, like you don't have to hide the button or anything like that. As soon as you turn that on and you publish the page, the button will be hidden by default when the page loads.

And it won't show up when that time is hit. Now that's not necessarily the same as the time in the video, right? Like somebody could come to the page, they could pause the video, they can go get a snack. They could come back. They haven't seen the offer yet, but the button showed up because the page has been loaded.

But don't worry about that for now. Just know that. Got it. That is great. That is great.

Okay. Now on to another thing. I have been lying to people that I will take this down in the next 48 hours, but I've been struggling to have an easy way to put an expired page. So I just kept, so I just kept the page on because I thought it's so complicated. Don't leave.

Yeah. Well, so don't leave the page. Stay here. So, I mean, you could, you could add a timer to the page. Ah, this is also another question.

I am also struggling with getting the right time for Indian time zone because I only see like a handful of time zone that is there. So I'm having a hard time to match it. Well, you could, you could just translate. Well, personally, if you're doing it like this, where it's 48 hours only, then time zone doesn't matter because it's going to be 48 hours from the time they hit the page. No, it is not 48 hours.

It's not 48 hours since they hit the page. Actually, it is a live webinar replay. So we're doing it from like usually Sunday, 6 p.m. India time to Tuesday, 6 p.m. India time.

Gotcha. So it's a specific time. Okay. So in that case, you need a, another piece of software called deadline funnel. Okay.

And so deadline funnel is basically like real, real deadline timers. Like, so the click funnels, deadline timers basically is, is what I just said, right? Where it's, they land on the page, the timer starts and, you know, 48 hours after they hit the page, they can no longer kind of visit the page. Deadline funnel gives you a lot more flexibility, meaning you can start the timer, for instance, when they opt in or, or when they, whatever date and time they registered for the webinar, potentially. Oh, that's going to be a little tricky.

But, but that way you could start the timer irrespective of them visiting the page. Oh, you could actually start the timer from infusion. So like you could, you could even have them like an email campaign in infusion that as soon as they get the first email in that campaign, you start the timer. And, you know, then it's a three day campaign. And at the end of those three days, if they haven't bought, they try to go back to the page, they won't be able to have the timer image in the emails with the correct time, that kind of thing.

So that's fundamentally what deadline funnel does. It just basically allows you to set timers that span across time, across systems, across pages versus again, the click funnels timers by default are only, only work on that page. And typically only start, they're either, they either start when somebody visits a page and it starts counting down for X number of minutes, or there's a very specified date and time where that thing ends, but you can't make it dynamic for each person, right? Because you could put, you could put a click funnels timer on this page right now and be like, Hey, Friday, you know, you have till Friday, you know, you have to tonight at midnight to watch this and the page goes away. So you can do that, but that's not going to be the same if everybody's, I mean, you could change it every week.

Like if you only do the webinar once a week and it's every Friday that it's going to end, then certainly you could do that. And you could just choose, you just convert the Indian time to Eastern time. Oh, okay. So then this, I would have to manually keep updating it then. If you do it this, yeah.

Well, I mean, you're probably, how many webinars a week are you doing? Just one, just one. Just one. Yeah. I mean, it's going to take literally two seconds to come in here every week and, and change it.

Okay. Oh, so this is the wrong test. So there's a couple of different timers, right? So you see this timer right here is, this is a daily countdown evergreen. So that timer is only good for the day.

Right. So that's if you wanted to do like a, like a one click upsell and you only wanted to give them like 20 minutes to decide whether they're going to buy the upsell or not. That's what that time was for. So then there's, then there's the other one, the countdown 2.0. So I should use this one, is it?

Well, this is the one that will be for a specific date and time. So yeah, in your case, this is probably the one you would use. Okay. Yeah, now you can say, okay, this ends on this specific day at this specific time. I see.

So let's say I'm going to run it for, you know, for, let's say this one is going to be for Sunday. So it would be here. Right. Tuesday ending. And then I would just have to convert that.

Correct. Ah, okay, great. Got it. And then, and then, so then you have a couple, then you just think about what happens when it's, when it's over. Up above there, you have, you have a couple of different options.

One is you can either, uh, redirect it to a URL. So like an expired page that the offer has expired, uh, or you can show or hide different elements and, um, yeah, I know. Can you grab yourself? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Do you have your bags?

Yeah, right there. Um, but yeah, you can just, you can either redirect them to a different URL or show and hide different elements on the page once that's happened. Well, yeah. I see. I see.

I see. Sorry, bear with me for a minute. Oh, no. I'm just going to start. Yep.

We're good. Is this still the same place where you got your room? This is the, yeah, the Airbnb. Yeah. Very, very nicely appointed Airbnb.

Oh, so you're not at your usual, uh, usual place? No, no, no. Uh, team leader retreat. Oh, wow. Really?

Yeah. Yeah. It's out today. Yeah. Say here.

Say hi to bronze. Hey, bronze. Hey, what's up, bronze? Hello. Wow.

That is amazing. Yeah. Oh my God. And it looks like very good, uh, good weather as well. Yeah.

No, it's beautiful. Beautiful, beautiful day out here today. Wow. Amazing. I miss team retreat.

Haven't had it for like ages. Well, we'll look forward to once, once all the travel stuff changes, we'll look forward
to having you out at top one. Sure. Yeah, absolutely. Um, okay.

So, okay. This one, I got it. Okay. So, um, so then by having this timer, I basically solved the problem of redirecting them. Yeah, so I, we, so we create a generic page that's an expired page and it's like, sorry,
this offer has expired.

And we always use that URL on the timers. Got it. And so let's say, I actually want to expire the page right now. So I just have to. Yeah.

Set it to a date before today. Okay. Today's what day will be 23rd. Okay. Let's do this and then redirect to URL.

Let's say it is, I mean, I'm just. I'm just going to be here. I don't think this isn't active. So, and then save. Oh, what did I do?

Yeah. Maybe we got the wrong year. Maybe. Oh, my God. Okay.

Why is this? Why? I can do it in the car. We're, I mean, we're almost done. I think Bronz is the last one.

She's almost done. Yeah, I just have to. Make sure. Oh, no. That is also still not right.

Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.

Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.

Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.

Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.

Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.

Oh, oh. did you set a url for it to go to yeah i did
here right redirect yeah and then i put a thing that well
i put a thing that that is not right
you need the full http what's that you need the full url http colon slash
is
mm-hmm okay
oops
no it's still here
oh okay it works in uh it works in the other browser
okay cool um sorry to ask is there like a fastest way to create an expired page is there already
a template here uh there's not a template no oh so i mean i would i would just duplicate that
page frankly and just delete the video on the button and change the headline so sorry this
class is no longer available great do you suggest i put like something where they can book a call
or something uh i'm sure if that's part part of you i don't i don't know your business flow or
model well enough but
got it let me think about that okay um that thing is asked
um that thing is asked
um
i also wanted to ask if we were if we were to um if we wanted to also test like the evergreen
webinar thingy what kind of platform would we use for automated webinar um they're kind of a dime
a dozen these days um what's your crm is it fusion or what do you use so so that is what we need to work on next one which
which we need to discuss um but as of now there's two um one is soho
okay um because all of our um all of our stuff currently is actually already on soho
um because it's in india so we're just evaluating if soho would work and then the other thing is like hubspot
hubspot i know you didn't recommend hubspot uh but it's also something that we are evaluating as of now
got it okay um
and by the way there is another guy in the coaching program
um that i can connect you with
who is doing a lot of work with zoho
uh and really and actually does have the whole and his model was webinars as well
uh and starting to do
kind of you know he's in india he runs a tech team
um
really
and is doing some zoho implementations yeah his name's shirag
shirag patel
um
and i can connect you with him but
so that might that might be a resource for you but
um i don't know of any webinar platforms off the top of my head that
directly integrate with zoho
um but most of them integrate with zapier which then can integrate with zoho so you can get there
um i would say probably the simplest and easiest one to use right now is probably demio
d-e-m-i-o
demio
okay
never heard of it
uh yeah so i would look at that one
uh
start there and if for some reason that doesn't meet your needs then then we can talk about others but
that one's clean simple easy affordable well integrated
hmm
okay interesting
so cool um i think the last question that i got was um i mean i definitely want to book a call with you for crm separately
but before that what is something that i should prepare so as of now what we did was we kind of spoke with
hotspot we understand what it is and we spoke with soho we understand what it is with soho we are at a stage where because
you know it is not like widely used by other people so we kind of don't really you know like we're exploring and we are at a stage where we need to map out the flow of what we currently have and our requirement so that's kind of what we need to do and they say that hey we you know just map it out and then um again
we were gonna get on a call with them and see if they could um meet the requirement so
well what i would say is in general like the the automation stuff right the putting together a campaign and all the different starts
and stops and goals and sequences and all that kind of stuff that can pretty much be built in just about any platform um the thing that matters is like you said like you know zoho and some of the
the other ones are not that well integrated with a lot of the specific marketing tools right like so like deadline funnel for instance like i know for a fact that it integrates with infusionsoft it may integrate with hubspot i highly doubt it integrates with zoho um and so there are certain tools on the market that you may want to use that don't integrate with that crm
and then you're stitching together and then you're stitching together and zapier and you know kind of start building a mess uh and then same thing on the reporting side like to some degree you almost want to start with
how am i going to run this business what are the metrics i'm going to run to this business by
and what's the system that can get me that data the easiest um because that's really you know at the end of the day like having all having a crm and having all the data in one place
the whole goal of that is to be able to make business decisions based on what's happening
uh and so you know if there's not a good reporting system or if there's not a good dashboard system
that integrates into it you know and zoho is really trying to zoho is trying to make it where they build
all the tools that you could possibly need so you never have to integrate with some other tool
uh and so they may have that right and like i said charade's really good
that kind of they flushed out all the features that are in there and how to build all that stuff so
certainly worth having a conversation with him if you're going to go down that road
um super nice guy as well um
but
you know and hubspot has enough integrations with
so i don't think you're
so then after that it's going to be cost
right and cost per user
and and also complexity like which one is
which one can i go in and build stuff quickly and easily and not just you like which one will
you be able to train other people to go in
when you say build things what do you mean
like if you want to go build a campaign right like in zoho
that might consist of four different apps
right like there's a there's the form application and then there's the marketing automation
and there's the whatever the sales crm application you gotta like and we're in hubspot that may be one app
right uh and then the fusion it's just you just go into a campaign you just drag and drop things and you're done
stuff like click funnels for instance like click funnels is going to integrate easier with
hubspot and infusion soft and some of the other active campaign things like that
just because it was built to work with
those types of marketing tools more so than zoho or
so you just got to really figure out like what are all the tools i'm going to need
which ones play together well uh
you know do they have native integrations for these things
or is there at least a zapier integration
um and then which ones will gather the the data that i need later to make decisions about
so for example let's say i mean i mean because we were we were not really using tools
so actually we're not using a lot of tools as of now we're using i mean we're using sapier we're
using click funnel we're using like think fake for like deliver like the the the delivering the
course that's kind of a zoom zoom yeah you got zoom you're gonna you're gonna have a sales team
you're gonna have yeah talking with edward like you're gonna have a schedule a calendar application
um you're gonna now add demio potentially as a webinar application right so yeah i mean it's it's
five or seven tools typically that somehow need to be stitched together so basically you know what i'm
saying is you never want to let technology limit your marketing in any way but you also want to be
careful of creating a lot of stuff that you have to manually integrate together and creates points
of failure when an innovation breaks you know whatever especially if you don't have a you know
if you have a tech resource that's like fully dedicated to that and understands all that great
you're right if it's coming to me right and i'm trying to help you we want to keep it as simple as possible
i agree yeah i absolutely agree so okay so just to um okay so just just so that i understand super
clearly about the tools we're thinking about okay let's say i look for this crm but when i look for
this crm when i wanted to let's say uh uh when i let's say wanted to integrate this with click funnel
and the reason why i want to integrate this with click funnel is because when a customer
opened the email and land onto the click funnel page if it doesn't connect it doesn't help me the
data is that what it is to some degree yes because we don't have a crm so i don't have a context of
gotcha gotcha but yeah so like for instance like you know part of the reason you use click funnels is
not because of building a landing page you use click funnels because of its order processing
where you can have bump offers and you can have one click upsells and all that kind of stuff right
right so but but i mean that's what click funnels is built for so most other landing page systems and
shopping cart systems don't do that right and so if click funnels can't send that order data
directly to your crm then your crm is not going to have the order history
and then you can't make decisions based on how much first how much money did this person spend or
how many times have they purchased or what have they purchased right it's that kind of stuff so
so actually actually because we are not using stripe because stripe is not like it always fail in india
it's still in our beginning phase so actually our payment system is soho
i'm sorry what your payment system is right uh because we can't really use stripe so our
no we don't have order form we don't have anything it's actually a payment link and the payment link is
from soho oh okay so there's so there's not going to be like order information um gotcha
yeah um i i would say have that call with shirag because like i said he knows it better than i do
he walked me through it once i was fairly impressed i haven't had time to really go in and play with it
um i just know that there's a lot to it right there's a lot of different modules uh and systems in
there so but like if it's already working for parts of your business and you can and all and you can
get all the other functionality in there because it's got appointment scheduling it's got a sales
pipeline system it's got calendaring it's got form builders it's got a landing page builder like
if you can get it all to work together in there then uh and i know it's got a decent data reporting
studio as well that can pull from all those systems already so yeah it may it may be the
a good solution but like i said shirag could show you exactly how he's used it for his webinar model
based business which is exactly like yours and then go from there amazing let me look up as you know
amazing you can send me on a slack or i'll put it right here in the campaign
um there's a final question um so uh along with the crm i also need to get the tracking thing in place
do you um do you recommend doing both separately is it going to be like complicated or what do you
recommend talking about the your ad tracking yeah the ad tracking the we don't have any tracking
basically gotcha um well you have some if you're using click funnels you've got the basic click
funnel stats will get you to a certain point
uh um so we we also have wordpress i mean our things is a little bit here and there we have
some in wordpress and then we have some in click funnel right so i think the thing you got to do
first is is kind of and this might be uh you know maybe either another call with me or call with damien
or without even but it's like what are the numbers that you really need to based on your objectives for
the next quarter like what are the numbers that you need to be looking at to make decisions by right
and it's it's not going to be stuff like like you're not going to log into google analytics and look at the
time on page or the bounce rate or like like there's certain core numbers that you're going to need
like maybe it's you know how many people viewed the vsl or how much of the vsl was watched or how many
people showed up for the webinar uh you know what percentage of people that showed up for the webinar
are buying right those are the numbers we got to figure out and then from there you work backwards
okay now what do i need to do to gather that data and then what do i need to do to take that data
that i've gathered and present it in a graphical way so i can look at it and make decisions and
see trends and stuff like that but we got to start with like what questions are we trying to answer
first hmm that's a very good question i'm gonna start
got it got it i think very very good uh i gotta have to think about these things before i come
back to you next time yeah well that's what we're here for right so that's that's where i said like
either book some time with me todd or damien and like let's kind of think through that um
that would be very helpful um i think we kind of know big picture of what we want
but then things kind of like sometimes here and there and because the crm and everything's not in
place so that's where the headaches is coming
but cool i think my top priority is definitely to launch the you know the vsl thing and then also get
the crm in place that's kind of the goal for next uh till you know next two months gotcha yeah so just
tell just tell chirag that i sent you over and tell him that you're part of the coaching that you're
actually part of top one um and then uh yeah have a conversation with him and we'll go from there
got it um cool oh actually i might have met i might have met him once
yeah he's i mean he's usually on these calls actually he usually pops on towards later in the call
we're actually talking to him potentially joining top one as well so that would be amazing great i just
put on reach out to him cool cool thanks so much teddy you're welcome nice to meet you bronx nice to
meet you amy anything else amy you good no i just want to tell you something funny because remember
how i was begging for done for you services yeah then jeremy texted me two days ago and he's like
would you be interested in a done for you service i'm like we listen yeah so i didn't know if that
was you kind of sparking something so jeremy and i talked yesterday and we're talking again today
in an hour so i don't know if that was you but if it was you thank you dude because
you're welcome need all right have a great um thanks for letting me listen in today and um have a great
you know powwow and strategy stuff sounds good we'll talk to you later bye guys here we go bye
