---
title: "Tech 2022-07-01 15:59:52"
date: 2022-07-01
duration: 58m
duration_seconds: 3506
vimeo_id: 726114848
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-07-01 15:59:52

**Date:** 2022-07-01 | **Duration:** 58m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, hey man stand by there's a there's some technical issues. I'm trying to get Teddy in here. Hold on just a second. Okay? I'm gonna go grab some water.

So, how are you? But hold on a second. I'm trying to get to the in here. He's trying to get in right now. cool I'm trying to like find some like.

climax songs that My that my market, hold on brother. That's you it's alright. It's got another one. if and you Sorry, man. Hold on.

and Christian Yeah, I'm Gonna Leave the call and try to give Teddy a phone call. Okay? Yeah, just I'll just hold on. Do whatever you have to do. I'll stay on the call for as long as it takes.

I'm just editing something anyway, so I'm just working on something else for now. So you're good. I'll just stay on the call. if you And soon has some kind of new. security thing and they send codes to email addresses and but he didn't have access to that.

So I'm just trying to figure out. I don't know if that makes sense or not. Yeah, it does but it's steady The Tech Guy. Well, yeah, I know but still if he doesn't have access to the email address where the codes are being sent. There's no way you don't matter how technically doesn't matter how I take you.

That's funny. Just be like coding is going to do. Or whatever. However the hackers do it. Maybe funny So are you like you still busy or?

Still busy. Yeah. Crazy busy. I can't catch up. You can't catch up.

It's hard man. Yeah, well you in charge of the entire thing, right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Teddy's driving now.

Anyway, he says. He was he was he not playing on coming to call? No, he was he was he was trying to get in but he was in the car. I think he's trying to get get home. Maybe got stuck in traffic.

I don't know what the deal. Gotcha. But that happens it's it's life. But you hopefully you should like you drive safe. You know what I'm saying?

Like, you know, dude like I watched that movie like I don't know at the beginning of doctor strange and like I don't know if you've seen that movie but the guy drives and he's like checking his phone like for work and crashes and like his hands get all messed up. Yeah, they got messed up pretty bad. That's traumatic. Like I'm like cheese so it's like you better drive safe, dude. I was actually hard to look at yeah.

all those pins in his hand Yeah, the worst nightmare. For surgeon, right? Yeah a surgeon. So many can do his surgery thing anymore. That's I mean I get if you feel like a soccer player.

it's like okay I can use my feet but like the surgeon You know. Yeah. So I'm not hearing anything from him. Yeah, well does he must be get he must be on his way home. That's right.

They don't like don't rush him. I mean, you know, like if he's driving he's driving so but like I mean the question I wanted to ask is like maybe probably you could answer it. Um, you know, because I don't know just so right now I'm just like working on like not only like the copy because I just realized like just I just started making a big plant on like how I'm gonna make all this happen, you know launch everything. and so then I realized oh shoot now. I need to create the modules and everything.

So I'm also like just thinking about like the product creation of things aside from the marketing and right now so like I'm thinking I can should I just use like the membership area from clickfunnels? That you know, it's it's kind of okay just for now and then like switch over to something better. I know that eventually I would switch over something better. But like does it even matter now like until like we actually like test No don't even matter at this point. It doesn't even matter.

I mean, are you gonna teach the first iteration of this live? Yeah, no. No, I'm gonna I'm gonna actually record legs pieces of it like like video by video because the way the course is supposed to be it's like, you know, 10 to 15 min videos, you know, I don't want to do like a big Master Class. Whatever man I could chop the master class of afterwards. So wait should I could just also do that teach it live, right?

Yeah. That would be a lot better probably like for time sake. Yeah, and well, I know a lot of people do that. and they'll like before they even like they'll they'll create the sales page before they create the the training Because if it turns out that nobody wants the training that they're thinking of offering. Now they haven't spent all that time, you know doing it.

But meanwhile, the first time is going to be live, you know, it's going to be live Zoom calls or live. Whatever calls. or or you could even record yourself and just drop it into the membership portal every week, you know a new lesson every week kind of like Um, I mean, I don't know how frequently you would have. Oh, wow. Yeah that makes total sense.

That makes sense. Yeah. No, that's great because like because then I can just launch without having to just put together products. You gotta have the first lesson. That's it.

So I just do the first lesson I say like, oh, you're gonna get you next lesson in two days or whatever. No, we don't or like every day every day. I release a new lesson. Just I recorded maybe like the first week of it or so. Well, you you do the you do the first lesson.

And you don't bother with the second lesson until you get a sale until I get a sale and then I started doing that one. Okay. Yeah, that's so sense. Yes. Okay.

Yeah, but what about the bonuses? Um Well, like what? What are the bonuses? So bonuses are like PDFs and stuff like that. You have them already or not.

No. Well, I have some of them already started but like obviously I need to finalize and and also I need to make the graphics for like the bonuses and stuff like that. Yeah, I don't know you could say all the bonuses come in week two or week three. I don't want you to be distracted from the main thing but okay. Yeah because the bonuses a lot of times is just extra stuff.

Yeah. Okay, so the bonus is coming week three because I don't want to you to be distracted. unless unless you have the one like one of your bonuses is um about What is it like picking out the right picking out the right stuff equipment buying? Yeah. Yeah.

Bye but you already have that one made, right? Yeah, that one is already made. So yeah, so that one because like that that when they might want to have before they start the lessons if they don't have a guitar yet or if they don't have something yet. I don't know. Okay.

So within the the course for now I can just record. Okay, so it's gonna be a live course and then it doesn't really matter because I can be record that thing doesn't even have to be like it could be live. Okay. Well, no just drop it drop it into the membership area. Okay, I'll just drop the first video and explain the first video.

Hey, this is the first video you got your your equipment buying guide bonus down here too. The rest of the bonuses will will deliver on week three so you don't get distracted and from now on like in the next few days. You're gonna get one video per day. And release that way one video per day or one video every other day or however you want to do it. I mean really when you go to guitar lessons, it's once a week, right?

Yeah. So if you could certainly do them every day if there's something new a new thing to learn each day that you know. I I whatever your system is, but but yeah, so get the first lesson done and then don't worry about the other ones until you make a sale. Did you see like? It's like I know I know this.

I know this I know that but like I just need to hear it over and over because it's like something I'm scared to do kind of thing, you know. Well, I'll tell you what. As soon as you get a sale. Then you're gonna be okay. Now I got to do it.

Yeah, and you will I mean, I know you will because Just by the way, you work on these campaigns. I mean you're constantly. I mean Okay, I can't slow you down. We it's like Paul and I want to put the brakes on you sometimes so so hard but really, you know, like I've been feeling so slow this past week. Like I literally just haven't done like I don't know as much work as I usually do and it's like stressing me out.

Yeah, so yeah, so don't don't sweat it man. Get the first lesson. in the can and that's it. Just okay when you get when you get a sale, then you'll have to worry about delivering. And it's every if it's every day then you're going to have to do a lot of lessons every day.

I mean you're gonna have to do lessons every day. You got to create it. Yeah. Or spend a lot of time on the weekend or whatever. You know getting ahead and game.

No that yeah, that's cool that that makes so sense. That's so yeah, I mean just like because then we can just test like right away and not even wasting time doing stuff it is. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly.

That's perfect Okay cool. So that's a membership site at the membership thing and and in what is it? Oh click funnels. Yeah, are you paying for that already? I yeah, I have click funnels, but the membership is like part of Click funnels in general but it kind of is just kind of like basic, you know, but you gotta you got to pay extra for that.

No, you don't pay x-rays just part of the click funnels account. Yeah, you could do that. But like because the thing is later on like I would like to have it separate from clickfunnels because I'd say and when they don't use click funnels anymore, all my courses are hosting on there. You know, that's all right, click and click funnels shuts down like something, you know breaks. You know, you don't want to be relying on just click funnels.

And plus it just doesn't look that cool. So like I was just wondering like should I set that up? Anytime like when I do, so, let's say I do get a sale. and then I do have to do that when like You know, would it be like how would it be worth it to just like shifting like sooner rather than later instead of like having like, you know a bunch of members. and click funnels So I'm just thinking because I wouldn't yeah, that's a good that's a good question for Teddy.

I you know. yeah sooner than later if you're gonna be transferring a lot of clients a lot of you know, your your customers over from one system to another like if you want to move them out of Click funnels and into active campaign or whatever or infusion soft or no that's like email this way, but I'm just saying like for the course like the portal like you see like how you guys have a portal and it has like an app and everything. Like I feel like courses that again that don't have an app like I don't I don't use them as much you know, because like it's on my phone and on my phone I can just like pull it up like in few clicks. I'm playing a video and you know, I'm just listening to it on my headphones, you know, instead of having to go on Google and then I Google is annoying and it just like oh, what's your password and I'm like, I don't know my password. I have 10,000 passwords and then like there's so many obstacles to actually getting to the course when like It's just on click funnels sometimes click funnels is not that bad.

But some of our like platforms kind of suck too and it's like if you had just an ad that you can click and here you there like it's a lot easier. Got it. So you're like you always stay logged in right? Because it's yeah, it's kind of like, you know, it's kind of stay logged in. I mean, there's a login at the front of the app sometimes but like for example, no right here you see like I click the E5 app and like I'm on it like boom and I just go to my courses whatever and then there's that coaching like we was just different parts and you probably can have even the The the group the group of people.

This is so dark. I don't know what happened, but we can have the group of people just like hanging out there that can like a Facebook group in that platform because I was hearing Teddy talk about it. I'm like if this is gonna be a real thing if this ever works I won't need to be like You know like good stuff like deliver a good product, you know. that really gets the people results and so I don't know. I'm just thinking about all this like when I do start creating stuff been should I work on all that and or not um Yeah, I'd run that by Teddy.

And I'm a WordPress guy. You know, I put everything in WordPress, which means you got to log in all the time. If it's on your phone, uh-huh. but I mean WordPress what? How do you do it?

so, you know how to do it right and it doesn't have to be like the fancy app or whatever but like um because I have no idea how to use WordPress at all like Yeah, don't mess with it. See the thing is with WordPress. You need extra plugins for Like the membership site and then for also creating another like a learning management system plug in for dealing with all the different courses and the tests and that kind of stuff. Yeah, it's well, there's the same thing Teddy talks about too. It's just so you have to get the plugins and then WordPress and all of that and eventually I want to do that, you know.

So like but you know something about it. Yeah, so what plugins do you use you have WordPress. I know you have to have learned - or something similar to that to make that right? Yeah. Yeah, so Um, I've used a word I've used a plug-in called memberium membrane.

Yeah. Yeah, but now when if I were to do it myself if I were to just have a course online. Again, I mean I've had them in the past. But if I were to do that now I would just do everything. Probably and I use this this Suite of tools called Thrive themes.

And they have they have a membership thing built into it and and all of that. So I would probably just do that, you know. It's called right teams Thrive themes. That's right, man. Let me tell you there's like so many many different ways of doing it and WordPress.

I mean there you need a a membership. plug-in because that takes care of integrating the you know, where like all the people like normally when you have new client new students Well, where's all their information? Is it in the WordPress site? Is it in the email marketing site? Is it where you know?

and so the thing that The thing that that we use here at marketing funnel automation. We have a WordPress plugin called memberium. And that talks directly with Infusionsoft. So it's constantly like we add tags into the infusion soft and the WordPress membrium site knows what those tags are. There's constantly talking to each other, right?

And it's kind of complicated to set up. and like Teddy Teddy does that for us? But he's like a full-time Tech guy, right? um like so for you man, I'm gonna let that he's he's on top of it. You know what?

I mean? I could but things I could tell you how to do might be a little bit dated. Gotcha, and the things I would do now, I'll share my screen and I'll show you exactly what I have and what I use. Okay. There's this thing called Thrive themes and it's got all of these different.

Like it's one it's one plug in but they have several plugins, but it's all like one sweet. So they got a theme Builder page builder so you can build. funnel pages and custom pages in your website and So maybe like what you use this right themes and memberium, right? No, I this is all I use this is only right now. Okay for me for myself.

This is all I use for myself. before this year I used a page. I used WordPress and I used something called memberium. Mm-hmm. Okay, so membrium That's a plug-in for.

WordPress. Mm-hmm and it has it does all of this membership stuff. so keep track of members and then I also I would also use a plug-in called learndash. Yes, learn Dash. I heard about that one and learn Dash is all about keeping track of all the lessons and the modules and the tests and you know, stuff like that.

Okay. So yeah, that's so now there's two now. There's two plugins and WordPress that you get a mess around with all the time. Learn Dash cost this much a year. in barium costs You know, that's much a month.

Oh wow. It depends on if you use active campaign or infusion soft. And this is like that it's crazy. I see what I mean. It's no it's whatever if you want to have a robust system you need.

These these good tools. Yeah, I use Thrive themes. That's 200 bucks a year. Okay, or maybe even less but it has all of this stuff. It has everything you need except for the shopping cart.

And then you got to use something else. A lot of people will use like woocommerce, which is free. That's another plugin. And that deals with all of the you know PayPal and stripe and all of that those things take to collect money. So So I can just use the fried things.

And put my memberships in there and then like use the checkout page from clickfunnels, right? Yeah, you could do that and I could do that and then And this is just 200 a month. Yeah for now man. Just put just put that single lesson. No, it's a 200 a year.

My bad. My bad another month. I was like, well, it's okay. So Thrive themes how much is it costs pricing? Okay, so like 300 a year.

It's kind of like. Because he was talking about another plug-in called buddy boss or something like that. that is what they use, but Yeah, I mean so the thing right here fried things. Take care of volume members, right? It don't even remember him.

Yes. Okay, you know you don't you remember that's correct. Very cool. So remember him is really expensive thing in there. Yeah, but I mean this these are just two options.

These are just two of many many options and really I would talk to Teddy man. Yeah, I'll talk to you since you already have listened for this for what you're doing now just use them the click funnels thing and then I can just funnel guy. Yeah. Yeah, you know, I have to think about it. There's no extra cost you're already paying for it.

And then once you get like if you get this thing to where it's Breakeven, or you know what I mean, it's you get then you can make a decision. And then you could just pay somebody to do it for you. Just yeah transfer it all over and then you don't have to mess with it. Right because you're making money you have a business. Then you have a you know what I'm saying?

That makes little sense. Yeah. Okay. Well again, you answer my question. I shouldn't even really worry about that now like I just go go and keep it straight on some clay funnel suede all works and we don't make you more complicated and needs to be and then yeah.

Okay cool. Yeah because then like that saves me a bunch of time because right now I just started feeling I could shoot like I'm pretty overwhelmed. But now I just, you know, the first lessons exercise I do now is like the vsl recording audio and I've been just going back and just really making sure like when I read it it sounds good because the way I talk sometimes a little different from other people and I you know And I just need to like practice also to reading because I'm not that good at reading like well talking. So I need to just work on that and then just I'll record the audio have maybe you did the editing and then just put it on the vsl and everything and then just do that first lesson. Yeah, yeah do the first lesson.

That's so cool. And I would say, you know, probably you could get away with testing this thing before you do the first lesson. Yeah. Yeah, I mean really let's say you get one sale. You could even.

like refund the guy and contact them and say look I'm gonna give it to you for free. I had a hiccup because I'm changing Tech or whatever your excuses. And then create the lesson or or whatever. That's a great idea. You know what I mean?

You could you could always just or and here's another option that somebody options man. Another thing that I've seen done is in fact, Todd did it to me once with one of his products? Oh, really? He said it was an upsell. So imagine this he had this upsell.

Oh and I wanted it so bad. I mean this was years ago. and it was like something about creating a book funnel or something. I can't remember what it was but I wanted it and so I I clicked yes add it to my add it to the cart. You know, it's like an automatic.

Yeah. Yeah one can I went to separate page and there was a video? And it said basically psych so it said it said thank you for your interest. We're we were doing market research and we don't actually we're not actually going to pursue it at this time, but when we do, If you want, we'll let you know and so it's like I went straight to a video that said now we don't just sell or do you know the upsell I didn't get charged. I did not get charged for the upsell, but they didn't have the product anyway, right?

We're testing it. So we're just testing the upsell but the actual product was was an actual thing. Yeah. Yeah the front end product I got That was good. I should put a video right after just like yeah.

Yeah, and then the upsell was I was like, oh man, and I probably emailed them for A couple of months so and you decide whether or not you're gonna do it there. You're gonna do it. You know, you're gonna do that's funny. That was so sad, but Because it was a it was a product I wanted and I wanted it from time. Because you know, he had a lot of integrity and this is training was good.

And I I knew that it would be quality stuff and and it would be correct. Right, but I know he didn't even have it, you know, he didn't even exist. So I was kind of bummed out, but the point is You could always say you could always go to a video. Look I'm not charging you. I'm not charging your credit card.

All that stuff's been deleted. I apologize where we're moving things around from one thing to another tech wise and it's kind of complicated. But bottom line is you're gonna get it for free. Yeah, as soon as we get it all figured out and whatever. And just keep an eye on your email and I'll let you know when that happens.

You know, that's another option you could do. that's so yeah, and that's like I mean people do that and they test products they test offers. And they don't even they don't even have anything to deliver. But I mean, it's it's you're not charging them any money. There's no money.

Thank you hands. And I mean that might piss someone off right though. Um, yeah. Yeah, they make them feel like they just like fail for it. So maybe like just recording that first video and just been going into like working mode.

Or not. Yeah for you. Just go ahead just do the first lesson if it's only 10 or 15 minutes long just do it. Yeah, I'll just do that and then I want to keep working anyway, because like all of this like I'm teaching my students too. So it helps my students if I make it if I get it done, you know, even like if it's it let's say I never like this thing never sells I have this entire thing that I can use for my students and it helps them, you know, so Yeah, so, okay cool.

I'll just record that first video and do that. Okay, but yeah, thank you. Thank you that then, you know that makes it clear. So I guess I'll save the techy stuff for next time. Okay.

All right. Have a good day. Take care, man. Thank you, bye-bye. it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it
