---
title: "Tech 2022-12-30 17:04:54"
date: 2022-12-30
duration: 26m
duration_seconds: 1564
vimeo_id: 785254648
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-12-30 17:04:54

**Date:** 2022-12-30 | **Duration:** 26m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

You what's up, man? Hey, how's it going? Mary yeah, can you hear me? Yeah, yeah. What's been happening?

What's going on? Dude? You have a good Christmas. I did have a good Christmas. So by yourself.

It was good eat good food. Yeah. Yeah, man a nice made a nice prime rib and didn't burn it or anything. So it was good. That's good when you don't burn down the house.

Yeah. Hey just a heads up. I only got about a half hour because I've got a my heedings out downstairs and repair guy just well. I don't know so I ran to meds and just to get your opinion quickly, you know, oh my grandson ads on Facebook and try to to you know, try it out. Like I spend like a hundred fifty dollars like to 300 clicks on my thing and nobody went to the order form.

and nobody wants to the order form like I mean like a few people like maybe like seven, you know, but out of 290 something, you know, so It was only one ad set though, so that that's like what makes me question the validity of the test if that makes any sense. And this this for the new offer, right? For the new offer. Yeah, right and that was just too to a vsl or to a sales letter DSL hybrid. Meaning what?

It's got the text below it. Okay, like the the video and the text below it and in the button is right there. And the price was on the page. Yeah. And what was the price?

Free for three days and then 27 dollars, you know really so it's a soft offer and it didn't get any click City order form. So so that sounds like that sounds more like a targeting issue. Like it feels like organic issue here feels like it's more more the wrong audience. Potentially, why did you go with Facebook this time? So to YouTube because YouTube was being weird and putting like my videos on kids channels and I did don't do that.

Yeah, that's a little weird and who did you target? What was the audience and Facebook? It was rhythm guitar, but now that I think about it, like people that think of rhythm guitar already know how to play guitar. So this time I did like five ad sets and then I did the utms for each ad set so we can really track everything that happening and I've been my ads it's not like Taylor Swift John Mayer Chris Stapleton Ed Sheeran. It's like Because I heard Paul say like, oh sometimes what we do we have to like fun, you know, you find like the audience is outside of what you think.

They're gonna be right? So, I don't know. I'm trying that and say like because it's beginners, right? So the issue with beginners is like it's kind of hard to pinpoint on Facebook. Yeah, yeah, that's the biggest the biggest challenge you're gonna have would be that.

and I don't know if your pixel has enough data to be able to create kind of a look-alike audience from it, which You don't have enough customers or buyers? I don't know. This is more. There's definitely more a John question than me, but Yeah, I just wanted your opinion just from your experience. Yeah, I mean, it's I mean initially my gut would be it's a targeting issue right?

Like if they're not. Like it's hard to believe that that somebody that's interested in learning to play guitar. Wouldn't at least click to go to the order form of a soft offer. Did you have lucky orange on the page to record screen sessions hot jar or hotjar? Yeah.

I don't know if you'd record anything. I think it stopped recording things but because that would be the other thing you want to see is like, you know, are they just are they just scrolling down to the price and you know bailing what was he engagement on the video like Oh, no, I didn't. Oh, that's right. I have to install that into the new page, right? unless you have unless we put it into if we put it in tag manager and you put tag manager on the funnel and should be on everything but Oh.

Because I think it's like only related to my other funnel. I don't think I set it up properly. Could be could be yeah, I would I would I mean are you paying for hot jar? No, it's it's a free one. Okay, but how many how many recordings do you get a month on the free plan?

When I started running and with hajjar installed like I could see you quite a few I guess but I don't remember exactly a jar. free plan so basic a thousand sessions a month 30 35 session website sessions per day. Yeah, which is fine. You're getting less traffic, right? Yeah, because you're getting less traffic than that, right?

Yeah. So then so yeah, so I would just add that. I would add the hot jar code to tag manager and then I would make sure and just have it run on all pages and then make sure that tag managers. On the funnel, which I believe it is. Okay.

and then that would be good for this thing this time, I guess or yeah, I mean that'll tell you a couple of things. That'll tell you. I mean that and I guess looking at the video analytics as well. We'll tell you some things as well. Like, you know, there's the yeah, well the problem with that is the that's true.

Well, but I'm not really relying on that because it's like a a long form as well. Right, right, which is why you need to recordings. Yeah. Hmm. Okay.

So just make sure I installed that on Google tag manager. Yep. Yeah, yeah just it's just custom HTML as the tag type and just paste the hot jar code in there and then just set it to all pages. Take and the tag. I call it hot jar.

Yeah. so custom HTML I mean I paid the hot jar code in there. Yeah. Where is it? Where do I find it?

Sure. clipboard says tracking status backing status All right, right columnar. and session targeting is that the domain reason for this one the guitar shortcut? Yeah, so wait, that should actually be installed, right? Well, I mean you still needed the pixel on the funnel as well.

So date. What is today's what the it's not it's not recording since yeah, so that's probably it the other funnel. yeah, I mean you could just didn't grab the code out of the other funnel what it is on so you can go to click funnels and find the code to and do that. Yeah, that's right. I just need to find I'll just look up where to find the hot jar code.

right and then just put it where you know I Wrong Google tag or Mm-hmm. I think I can do it. All right, cool. Well, thank you for for your time. I'll um and what were you what were you optimizing for on Facebook as well?

Was it clicks? And I'm purchases. Yeah, so I would talk to John about that, but I would say you probably want to start with clicks because you're not gonna like again you're feeding in it and you got to feed an AI data, right? And if you're not getting any purchases, then it's got no data to work with so. As You Are starting starting for clicks would at least you know.

Potentially dead, you know get you more visitors to the site to see the offer which is really what you need right now until it starts converting and then once you start eating some sales, then you can switch it for conversions. But if you have no conversion data, it's Flying Blind, basically. Yeah, right. So something just switch it to clicks. I think I'm just gonna you know, just go for it to switch it to clicks.

So I would do that instead of optimizing for the for purchases that would optimize it for just viewing the page. Yeah. Yeah, because there's no opt in or anything, right? You're going straight to the straight to the vsl. Yes, you know, so I mean you'd have to optimize for clicks basically up to my feet up tonight.

There may be a way to optimize for for video views, but I've never done it. John may know but that would be the only that would be the only other potential thing optimize for but for now click click should be good now again, just but this is where you got to make sure you got the targeting right because like you know, like if you just going after an artist like Ed Sheeran or whatever like Well, just because I like that artist doesn't mean that I want to be a guitar player, right? So yeah, so you should know you should now you may be able to create an audience of both, you know people that like these artists and have shown some interest in guitars. I'm not sure whether it's usually I should I should go with that double front kind of thing where like it's like some more because here's my my word is people that say I love acoustic guitar on Facebook. They might already play guitar kind of thing.

You know, if people that don't play that are complete beginners. Then I really have to fish from that big pool. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, that's the so I mean what you could do. potentially would be Kind of like, you know Target the artist Target those kind of poppy artists and people that have some sort of interest in guitars and then in the ad call out at the top of the ad, you know.

For new guitar players, right? So so that people aren't clicking on the ad if they're already advanced right or you know for people that want to learn learn guitar the easy way whatever, you know, something like that that calls it out specifically to begin her so that Advance people don't click on it. hmm Yeah, I don't know if my ads dude. I mean my ads sure like I have image ads and I also have like those video ads. But but no text ads there's no copy.

No risk copy on the image ads. Let me see one of the yet. What? What the hell like there's like so many like Facebook like here you go. There's ads manager here.

So right here and by the way, dude, I I'm not a hundred percent sure. What the hell what is happening? But I believe we're doing away with these calls, but you have my personal email and if you ever if we do do that, I'm gonna be an announcement at some point. I'm not sure exactly what's happening or how it's unfolding. But what?

I think we're doing away with these coaching calls doing away. Yeah, I think we're I think we're stopping them at the end of the year. I'm not 100% what the plan is yet, or how to how it affects you but I'm just saying like if for some reason these calls and you have my personal email, and if you need to hop on a call, like don't hesitate to reach out to me. Okay. Okay, um.

So you like you just shutting down the program? I don't know what they're doing. And I they said there would be some changes at the beginning of the year amount. It's a hundred percent sure what they would what they will be or how that affects people that are already in the program. If it's just we're not bringing new people in I'm not sure but there's there's some changes going on for sure.

Okay, so but I'm telling you is I can tell you that nobody on this team is going to leave you particularly high or dry right? So like if you need me or you need Paul like regardless of what happens to the program, like don't hesitate to reach out. I know any one of us at school gladly help you out. Thank you. I appreciate that.

appreciate you guys All right, man. Well, thank you for for helping out. Um, so oh did you want do you want to see the ad? Yeah, let me see the ad real quick. So, can you see my screen?

multiple moment no here so here, let me just pick one I said so just that so these are the images. You do preview right here. So that's kind of how it would look right here. Only three strings all you need how does it work? Are you still playing with six strings y?

And then like just the same copy that's on the so you're still playing as soon? Yeah, I may mmm. What was the click-through rate on the ads where they decent? previously, I did delete that thing but so 15,000 impression. 1778 so 1.5.

That's not bad. Yeah, I'm you may just take out that first sentence about the six strings and put that a little bit later in the lead but like starting with that. the word about the six strings so that first sentence bring up the ad again. So are you are you playing with six strings? It's your thing with six strings.

Why? Yeah. Well, that's one that's one of the ads like this ad has this hook this everyone right here. As a neighborhood, right? So go this one.

This one is like get rid of the extra strings. All you need is three strings. and then there's like yeah. I would I would start I would you know, because only really that first sentence shows for the for the most part. You may just want to call out the Right audience right like, you know looking, you know looking for the easiest way to learn to play guitar.

Or the fastest way or whatever like that at least is gonna call out. somebody who wants to learn to play versus Because you you saying I changed the wording to my ads I would just say just flip around that first sentence and make sure the first sentence clearly identifies who that if you're gonna go for a broad targeting like like you currently are right and just be like, so if you want to learn you're trying 21 one or like just do something like almost like New Year's kind of thing. Uh, yeah. Yeah is your New Year's resolution to learn to finally learn to play guitar something like that. You can certainly go that route but just started like with the hood again.

Just make sure that that first sentence is like hey, this is for people that are learning to put learning to play not Yeah, no. Yeah not ready. Like you could even say, you know, get even be like you already know how to play the play guitars keep scrolling. But if you've been struggling to learn let me show you the fastest way. I found something like, you know, got you just so just go with these like, you know identifier call out of this is for and who it's not All right.

Thank you. Yeah, I'll do that. I'll change all my ads at least Facebook is easy to use. I like it and the platform is kinda. Yeah, just but it's a different mindset right?

Because you know in in YouTube at least the way you've been doing YouTube up until now it was very clear with the person was searching for and you could you could identify who they were based on what they just searched for or what video they were watching. Whereas here you're dealing with just broader audiences that there is no definite indicator that they are somebody that's trying to learn how to play guitar. They're just you know, right now you're targeting is based on people that like a certain musician. Right, and that doesn't mean anything that doesn't tell you anything about whether they want to learn to play guitar or not. Just because that person's a guitar player.

Like that's yeah. So should I go back to YouTube? Well, I think you know like even demographic targeting or you know, like do you have a filter down to just men because like I do yeah. Yeah. Okay.

So yeah, so well, I mean for dinner age, you know, like kind of stuff. and for For Taylor Swift. It's females 18 to 45. But just to try it out. I don't know man.

I don't know. I would stick with I would stick with guys for now just because you're probably gonna I mean, although you have a lot of female students but Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, John take a look at it too. I think he could provide you some in some more insights as well, especially on the especially on the you know what to definitely the goal shouldn't be purchased because you don't have any purchases and you're not but you know until you get this planet kind of rampant up here. Should I like just set it up as a You know two step order for maybe like we're like to invade I set it up as I can like capturing leads one bigger from the sales page to the order form.

You could but right now they're not going to the order form. So that's not gonna help you either. Yeah. I mean you should do that. Anyways, just to get better attribution.

You know a little slightly better tracking of where they came from like when you start using the utms. It's a good idea to do that. They have a UTM set up for each one. Yeah. Yeah, I mean click funnels will capture either way.

It's just sometimes easier to look at but again your problem right you're probably in the indicator we have right now is a the offer is not resonating with the traffic. So that's that's either the offers bad which I don't think it is. I think it's the I think it's the targeting. It's just wrong group of people. Says the wrong list.

Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean at this point, I feel like you know, I just need to get good at. And like media buying, right? Yes that like that's that's where I suck.

Is that where I suck or like. Well, I mean no, I mean, I mean you definitely have you definitely don't suck at the copy and messaging and and all that kind of stuff. Right? So now it's just about this kind of what we're doing right now, right just thinking of the psychology of like, you know is the audience I'm targeting the Right audience or is it overly Broad and if it's broad like how do I how do I filter them down? If I don't really know what that they're not searching for a keyword.

So the only way I can filter them down is by calling them out in the ad so that they don't click on the ad if you're not the right person. and that's really it's really all you can do the the other the other thing you could look at which I don't know. I mean, I'm sure it exists for your list and I'd have to go and find the directories but you could do like solo emails as well. Right? So people that have a newsletter an email list of guitar players, potentially.

Like it's not gonna be like guitar Mastery or any of those guys, but whatever these good there's lots of people basically where you can buy an ad and somebody's email and it's like a one-time fee you pay like 200 bucks and whatever traffic you get from the ad you get from the ad it's not like an affiliate thing. We have to pay them a commission on the sales. It's just you're buying an ad in there in their email and sometimes those can generate a lot of traffic for for pennies. But I have to find you can look for like solo ad they're called solo ads so they can look like so things like that. I mean it's cheaper traffic you saying it's cheaper traffic.

It's not always good traffic. So that's the other problem like, I mean, you might get a lot of visitors and it might be just as crappy traffic. but some cheaper Yeah, but I mean like the goal was. So yeah. Any of the door?

You hear about you? It's finishes call real quick. You know, whatever. You said not be better. Yeah right over there.

So again, that's that's just kind of a loose. The f*** you just let a man, dude. dogs get over here. Come here. He's okay.

You just let him in stupid. Yeah, just fine relax. All right. Let me let me run and deal with this. But um, yeah, like focus on the targeting still ads is just something else keeping back your mind is cheap what it's test stuff sometimes but And then yeah, and if anything changes with the program just email me and still here for you.

Thank you, man, and have a good news. Have a good day. Bye.
