---
title: "Tech 2022-11-11 16:59:56"
date: 2022-11-11
duration: 52m
duration_seconds: 3142
vimeo_id: 769982859
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-11-11 16:59:56

**Date:** 2022-11-11 | **Duration:** 52m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

on not much just had enough well today well this week I launched it didn't work out so to be honest, I don't like I don't know like I don't really have any Tech questions. I'm just wondering like what do you think and Yeah, so so this was what the new shorter vsl. You launched you sure to be a sale. Yeah, and we were up to my thing for you know conversions and like nobody clicked the button. So people like around like maybe like 14, you know people staying until the button popped and nobody clicked the button right so we had no conversions going to the order form.

So I'm guessing like people don't like the price because like the button pops up when the price comes out. Yeah, how much is it 47 and which we raised the price because to make it viable, but at 27 people were buying before, you know, because some people but at 27 gosh But but the math didn't work at 27 the Medina work at 27. Well mostly because like that video is super long to and took a long time and there's no other bumps and upsells in the funnel to get the AV high. No, there wasn't but like even so like we did we did barely like 25% right? So we made only 25% of the money back with that.

So for a minimum viable funnel Todd says it's like, oh you should have 60% at least, you know. And this was what type of traffic AdWords YouTube please? Yeah YouTube YouTube. So far we've done YouTube. So, you know, I was talking like thinking.

Okay, maybe like Do you think like changing traffic Source? Like let's say go from YouTube to Facebook might change things dramatically or It's hard to say I mean, you know in my opinion. you know, it's easier to reach on Facebook and AdWords because you know what they're searching for right whereas on I'm sorry AdWords in YouTube. It's easy to reach because they're typing in a search phrase right versus well nowadays. You can't even do keywords anymore.

Oh really? There's a replacement. Yeah, like just right now like YouTube Just Yeah, I have the screenshot that says like you can't. Well, what the hell do you bid on man? audiences Huh?

Here, do you see that? So everyone say, you know, I can't. Wear it on you can no longer add content targeting to video campaigns that drive conversions because you can't limit campaign performance. Existing content targeting will be removed soon. Click that learn more.

Oh, well that that was a screenshot. Oh, gotcha. Huh? But yeah, like and I just, you know from versus YouTube ad guy to follow in, you know in 2023. They want to complete remove.

keywords and stuff like that That's freaking ridiculous. If I know right? It's like like since the very beginning when I started and started with Google like it was one thing after you ever first. It's like we removed like the you know, you used to be able to do only in stream ads invented removed that. And so then he was driving all my traffic to like.

To like third-party sites and stuff and I'm like dude. This is not working and feel like Google is just trying to get me or something. It's like I mean, have you tested Facebook before? No, I haven't and you know, I'm thinking I don't know like have you had the Facebook pixel on there the whole time? well since last time when you know last week we We'll put the Facebook pizza and pick some on there.

I think on Google tag. You remember when we did that? Yeah. Okay. Got it.

Yeah. So since last week, we've had it and yeah, that's probably not enough to and how many people are on your email list. not enough to build an audience off of Yeah, the biggest concern man is just whether or not. I mean certainly we're worth a small test. I guess.

Yeah it depending on what what funds are like, but yeah, I just had to buy a new car because earlier to speak my transmission died. So I just I mean I could do it but I don't know it's like come. I just feel like people like it looks like from you know, like everything like that people don't even feel like sticking around and watching the video. You know, I'm saying it's like most people that was with one leads because at the beginning of the week, we tried the new vsl and the one lead like a minute in only 30 people left 30% left, you know. You just want a minute in it was better.

like 40 but still like most people just that's pretty pretty big drop off. To lose that much play a bit video from the beat. I'm the first minute. This one or the this is the old lead. Oh, that's the old one.

And that's the new lead. So pretty big drop off though. Yeah, actually bigger, isn't it? Yeah, actually, it's actually a bigger drop off. Well, that's the new lead and that's the only lead.

Right, but what I'm saying is in the first minute this one this one drops in half to 50% you know and dropped down to 30% Was yeah here down? So what's the difference in the leads? Just very I mean not much really? discovered that there were three main categories of emotional triggers and decide average to prolevel guitar player in just a few weeks, but we weeks but using the same trick work just use to make In this video, I'm gonna show you how I went from average to probably guitar player in just a few weeks by using the same trick work class musicians use to make us feel emotions and how you can do this too to sound like a pro guitar player in just 10 to 15 minutes a day. The best part is you can do this without practicing for hours every day confusing music theory or reading notes.

You don't need any sort of natural Talent Perfect Pitch where God giving gift to do this because this is different from what you're finding colleges books or YouTube. It's based once Temple psychological trick called microstatics every big popular artists, no matter if it's music from the 60s 70s 80s 90s and Beyond no matter if it's Ed Sheeran The Beatles your van Rolling Stones, they all use this one psychological trick and most of them are not even aware of it. Once you know what it is. You don't make you better at your player almost instantly if you next love. I guess I'm just struggling with like like if I if I saw that.

If I landed on that, I would probably bail as well only because I don't know. Like, you know, there's the whole premise of of giving them what they want versus what they need. So what they what they need might be this psychological trick, but it's not what they want. Like nobody wants. No guitar player.

I think is looking for a psychological trick like Yeah. I would you be but that's the thing. Like that's the thing like when we when we started this my thing was like I was thinking like my idea which was ordinary idea. I was like, oh what the pros do to get like good and like how would you if you had to get very good like professional level if you had to have a gig in 90 days and you get professional like what would you do? those my idea And then, you know, it wasn't good enough of an idea.

So then it's like we added in the psychological trick into this so it may be like more interesting or whatever. Yeah, and and so, you know. And I think again, I think it's that psychological trick. I think if there was, you know, a magic music pedal. right magic pedal that made you sound like a pro or you know, a magic chord that made you sound like a pro like that would hook me in more so than no psychological trick, I think I mean, I know I just be like that.

No, what is this? This is not what I'm looking for. I'm you know, especially if I'm coming from YouTube was watching some other guitar video on whatever how to play the F chord or whatever and hit with this like like what does he had say? The ad says exactly that like the I mean the red is basically the lead, you know, so. And how's the click-through rate on the ad?

The ad is doing great all the time. Like all this any time. I've ran an ad on YouTube the ad does great but like the funnel just sucks, but I am actually there. Was it hook one right here? And advertising on Google without ad protection.

You have to try Pixies every time imagine if you could play guitar like this. I've been pretty cool right in this video. I'm gonna show you how you can do that too. You see the world's greatest musicians know more about psychology than they know about music. In fact, they all use this one psychological trait Captivate move millions of people around the world.

And that's the same trick. I've been using from a past seven years as a professional musician the same trick. I've talked to dozens of my students now, I want to show you how you can do it too. So click the button below to watch video showing you exactly what this logical trick is and how it helps you sound like a professional on guitar player in just 90 days. The cool thing about this trick is you don't need to have natural talents.

No music theory. I just feel for hours up. Does it do the analytics tell you where at what point people click the ad at all? Yeah. Well, it tells me where to drop off is.

Excuse me. No. you Okay. Wait, no long place. So and also I had like a retargeting list where I just retarget people that see my shorts and stuff.

That didn't do good. Thank you. Listen to you. Yeah, it did very bad, which is weird what did best was like my competitors? Yeah, it's a little typical.

Well, obviously it's an ad. So yeah, so, where's that big drop off happen though? first five seconds, which is normal because again, click on the engagement report anything Oh this nice 28 days, but like let's average duration is a minute in. I'm sorry, um stay on engagement for a minute. Honestly, does it show?

clicks or anything like this legs and screened element clickery And by the minute Mark, you've you've talked you've mentioned the psychological trigger, right or is that are you still playing the song? Imagine if you could play guitar like this? Be cool right in this video. I'm gonna show you how you can do that too. You see the world's greatest musicians no more about psychology than they know about music.

In fact, they all use this once technological trait Captivate millions of people around the world. And that's the same trick. I've been using from a pass seven years. Yeah. I don't know.

I just go back down for a minute go back. Back to where he's we want the video again. I want to see that on the graph where you say psychological. Okay in this video, I'm gonna show you how you can do that, too. You see the world's greatest musicians know more about psychology than they know about music.

In fact, they all use this once ecological trait Captivate move millions of people around them. So stop it's like so you can even see right. So as that curve was coming down it started to flatten out a little bit right to write about there. And then you mentioned the psychological trick and then just keeps kind of knows diving off from there as opposed to flatlining and hooking their curiosity enough to get him to kind of keep. I mean, I'm not saying that I'm not saying that's it.

I'm just saying, you know if I think about guitar players like They're not into mindset or psychology. Typically, they're just into. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.

No, let me that makes sense. I just wish you know, we figured that out like but I mean you never you know, Big Ideas are that's why I Gore, you know test 200 different Big Ideas every year. It's like finding the right one is so Ah, so I mean, is there another metaphor for what's actually being taught? And again, I don't you know, I don't want to go against what Michael's telling you but clearly it's clearly it's not working. So you have to try something else for you to continue.

you know, like, you know, I've been thinking like and thinking and thinking and thinking and I you know, the one overwhelming thing that always comes back is I feel like people just I mean like people want to lose weight, but they don't want to work out, you know, and we don't want to eat less and people want to do things and they never want to do any work. So I just don't even know if this is like the right thing, you know, that's what I'm saying. Like like, you know to some degree you got to sell. it in my opinion, there's two or three different things right? There's There's one is what we've talked about before right which is this is this is for the the mid-level guitar player that may or may not be playing in clubs yet.

and wants to if it doesn't want to make a fool out of themselves at the first time they get on stage, right and that's you know, that's an emotional hook right there that you could certainly tap into right like Because that's that's a I'm sure that's a fear, right? Like if you never played in front of a room before like there is a psychological fear around that that's different than a psychological trick. Right? So there's that and then and then there's just a technique thing of of looking for a secret pack right like I'm looking for. It's a chord or a chord progression or you know a magic pedal.

Like I said, like what what's the hack? Yeah, that's what I was like kind of thinking and I'm thinking again like I'm just like even completely changing the product here. But I'm thinking like, okay, well instead of targeting like this target very beginners again and try. Instead to do something slightly different. It's like playing song.

You're trying to impress your friends within one hour. and the way I would do that is by just basically I'm doing like a drop d tuning and just have them just play with one finger, right? And just move up and down. And the unique mechanism would be flat finger fitting. The feast is the best way to play any song guitar and press your friends within one hour is with flat finger.

fretting I don't want to call it cord because you know, right. But then like the idea is like I'd start the ad with like and I probably would just do the ad as the vsl. You know, because that probably the the price point would be pretty low because it's beginners and like you one thing that John was saying is like all the other offers are like free trials and stuff like that. So it's kind of hard to compete with those kind of offers. I feel like everybody's just racing to the bottom when it goes to like right.

Well it could be but that's that's because they have a big enough backend that they know their acquisition costs and can do that. But yeah, I mean look you could you could certainly because you still don't you still don't pay for the ad if they don't. First 30 seconds of free, right? No, you do not know now you pay for everything all the time everything all the time. No matter how much is viewed.

I think you pay by impressions. Okay, but um and then I would go like what did I just murdered three guitar strings? I would snap the three strings three bottom strings because the true phase you don't need them. Look if you just want to be that guy who knows how to play guitar so you can impress a girl and sing along with your buddies when going camping you don't care for 80s guitar solos growing out your hair or becoming head banger and this is kind of going like the total opposite of the market like of guitar mastering method. Right?

Right. That's what be like, you know or 60s and whatever they don't need those strings here. I would probably be targeting like people in there like 25 to like 40 range, I guess. You know like in younger people, you know people that just well, I want to play guitar. If you try it's just a fun hobby and you don't care about becoming the next Jimmy Hendrix, you know, what else you don't need chords scale music theory sheet music and boring as guitar books.

You don't even need to quit your job or give up everything you love just so you can practice for eight hours a day. All I need is one finger three strings and a pick. I'm serious the problem with the old way of learning he tries that it's not made for for 21st century nowadays. We don't have the attention span to sit down for an hour every day. Just so in a month for two we can actually play songs.

We love no, we want instant gratification. We want to just press the button and be able to play guitar. Our parents probably would say that the problem with our generation. But if you can get the same result faster and with little to no effort, I mean why not do it? If you could get $100 by just pressing a button instead of having to work for 10 hours wouldn't you do it?

What if I told you you can just cheat your way to success and play any song on guitar in just one hour, even if you've never picked up a Guitar, you don't have any natural talent and honestly don't care enough about you try to spend more than a few minutes a day on it. It probably think I'm full of it. Let me show you why and how it works the secret to playing guitar. The lazy way is something I call Flat finger fretting with flat finger fighting you can play any song in the world and you don't have to worry about muting string and learning hundreds of chord shapes. Because there's one shape to rule them all this is so easy and fast and anyone with a finger you can start sending like a real guitar player within an hour.

I discovered this when teaching a brand new beginner who should up to my group class with very long nails and stop talking about me, man. That's about you. No, but seriously like you don't have to go like this is resonating with me right like this. This sounds like something I would certainly be interested in just the part about the nails is as like this is definitely hitting a quarter of me and long nails. Yeah.

Remember when we were trying to do the lesson. I was like, yeah, like I cut my nails but but even you know, I think I think the real hook would be like if in the beginning you just play like didn't show the guitar or anything, right? But you kind of played a song with just those three strings and then you come on and be like that song. I just played I only needed three strings to do it. Right like yeah some proof in the beginning.

But like blind proof, right? It's like not showing them right away that you're playing with three make it sound like this guy knows what the hell he's doing and then reveal. Holy crap. He just did that with just three strings like not even show the friends like take the three strings off the guitar completely or yeah, because what if as I'm talking a plane to background right? I'd have like and because what I'm thinking is like for pattern interrupt because I based this off of You probably have seen that video.

Oh shoot. Wait, no. Jesus Christ super long sales later this guy. Seem to be all right. Yeah you sizing online and you know, so I'm thinking like my pattern your trip would be like me just napping the last three strings.

Of the guitar with like a tool, you know down like this and then why did I just break all these three strings because you don't need them kind of like to catch your attention and then in the background I probably could just do you know, whatever playing like stuff one finger. Yeah, so you can stop the three strings and then kind of be playing but not on camera be playing just in the background and then but also show a b roll of me playing too. Yeah, like man, once you're kind of into the lead then go back to that and be like see I just that background music you just played. Yeah. I was playing that with just these three strings and one finger don't even show that yeah.

Well, I mean kid you could show that And then it'd be like probably you know and make like a six module kind of thing with 10 minutes each module. So I'm thinking like I don't know. I've been just building this course and it's like it's like a total of it is like 14 hour long course, you know, it's like and I'm like, I'm putting all these work into this one course, that just is not selling right now, and I'm like Jesus Christ. Yeah, I would I would definitely stop Korea but I like this. Yeah, I mean this this definitely resonates like good and yeah, because it would just have to be cheap.

Right like again like, you know, like like one finger one finger three strings less than 10 bucks kind of thing. Like yeah, like seven dollars or something. Yeah, like seven bucks and then just have definitely have bump offers and an Oto for the rest of the stuff, but right and and so Because at this point I'm thinking like one thing that I realized with all everything that we've done is that people don't care too much to training on it. Like people like I feel like we just you know, I'm thinking like the ad should be my vsl. Just like this guy this guy his ad is the vsl.

He has different Hooks and whatever. Mm-hmm, but his head is the Vietnam. It's like it's like four minutes long, you know. So and then probably have like, you know, there's more stuff on this page. The sales letter is longer, you know, right right, but and probably just send them to some place where they can already like get to I don't know if like I should have You know the the order form on the page, I probably could if the ad is the vsl and in the ad if that is the vsl, and it's seven bucks then.

Then yeah, certainly you could send them right to the order form. And yeah, and I don't know if that. but then like what do I do once i7 that what do I do like for for upsells and otos because I mean, I would just test whatever. So what are the different offering? I mean, you have a beginner's full beginners course, right?

Yeah have a full beginner's course, but then it's like because if like the whole premise of it is, you know, because literally which is which is very annoying. I mean if they learn this nobody's I mean if that's all you want to do if all you want to do is like You know be able to play songs and sing along. Let's say and actually that's kind of what you say in the Oto is like look at all you want to do is is that great then you don't then you can just skip this video and go to your order confirmation kind of thing, but you know if Like, you know, obviously obviously no real guitar player. yeah, and I know you're saying like how do I not contradict myself what I just said, but you know, but obviously there's there's another level of Mastery that's possible if you if you want to learn more. While it's not for everybody if it's for you, then here's a special offer on you know.

Okay, and that would be the second upsell. The second upsell would kind of be that whatever your intro course is that you gave me and then the third upsell would be the micro Aesthetics thing. Okay. So, okay. That's that sounds good.

I feel like then we're really reaching wide and then they're right is it? Yeah, I think like micro six was fairly narrow, but Yeah, but somebody at least that way, you know, and that's self qualifying too. Right? So somebody says yes to the second upsell, but they want to learn more than the third up. So makes sense as well.

And even if they say notice I can upsell just because you got to get the aov up no matter what I would I would offer the third up. So anyways, at least expose them to it's not it's not good and then you just gotta figure out like what what makes sense is a bump offer. I mean is there? Not sheet music, but is there like a list of all the songs you can play? Yeah, I would thinking that a bonuses but like if it's $7 do I need a bonus or do I need bonuses on it?

Yeah, but you can position one of the bonuses as a bump. So let's see what how to set your guitars is easier to play. Honor FC songs ebook best budget guitars and accessories beginners. It would be the ebook with like a hundred like flat finger fretting songs, you know. Yeah.

So I think because the first four bonuses kind of tie into the offer of guitar, then I would take the campfire singer thing and make that the poem Oh, okay. bump and like Do I really like? Then if I come shooting for like a four minute video or whatever like because I'm gonna run that as the ad like do I need to like in the video just talk about all the bonuses or whatever or should just have that as long form kind of thing. Yeah, you can definitely mention them and in the video. Okay, they're staying that long anyway, like if you're making the full offer in the video then yeah.

If you're gonna make the offer then make the offer you don't don't have access. Okay makes sense. So yeah, you know, who knows? Maybe that'll work? Where's the test?

I mean, like I said it definitely read again. If I was coming from a video that definitely hooked me in more as a beginner guitar. Yes, like if I could learn how to play most songs with three strings in one finger, that would be interesting. Not sure the name is the right. I mean nothing.

Let's see, so it's one finger. What comes up is base stuff with with this but nothing that's really around. Which finger is it? Where's finger first? Yeah, so it's your first finger right here so first I mean, they could be the second third could be whichever one because if you get tired of the first thing you can do is there.

Free finger, where's your finger index? Index Rex and I think the big the biggest thing of this would need is proof, right? You need you need to prove to me that I can play several different songs with just three strings and one finger. And so I think that's where that's where the background music of of you playing not just one song but maybe two or three songs that that people would recognize And have it sound decent enough that. Yeah, okay if I could play that at a party I'd be happy.

I think that would be the key. Yeah, well that that's definitely doable because it's been I'll play with or without your just a small town girl. You can play that one finger. Yeah, he can't let this course. That's why why you try to teach me chords and and it and all the string names.

I want you to teach me the ones finger method, you know, you know what, you know, it's stupid. I just never really thought about this until that lady came in with her longest nails like she did those nails at the salon, you know, so you can't even cut them because it's like those hard Nails right? Because it was Halloween and everybody every girl I teach it just when my long nails. Remember, okay fine. You can play guitar just do this.

And then I had her play along with everybody else like just in the lesson. I'm like wait. I've been teaching guitar wrong all these years. But obviously like that's that's no long-term like learning, you know right now, but it's but it's you know, like like look at the end of the day guitars. They're learning to play guitar sticking with learning to play guitar is is a confidence and progress game right?

It's like if I'm not making any progress, I'm not gonna stick with it. But if I can get some quick wins and I can crank out a couple songs. Then I'm gonna want to learn more especially after I play for some friends and I yeah, that's kind of cool. You did that with one figure. That's gonna go Yeah.

Yeah, that's true. But you could even tell that story man. Like that's a good story of like that. The freaky the freaky finger framework here the Halloween finger. I don't know.

The right finger something like that. That I think it's worth a shot. I definitely there's a shot regards for the name doesn't really matter at this point. Just call it something but yeah. Flat finger fretting you don't like that though.

I mean like I get it doesn't it sounds weird, you know. Yeah, it sounds weird and I'm like I'm asking whether do I have flat finger do I need flat fingers? Like what you mean? I don't want to say is it more about the fingers? Is it more about the three strings?

Well, I was thinking about the three strings. The only problem is like three string chord. then like you see right like You know if I mention anything like and then was like three string method or something. Yeah. one one finger chord You know like everything like got it got it.

What's that? What's that video? Just yeah. Look at this guitar pattern, what you're looking at is the key that unlocks the guitar neck forever. It lets you hit all the right notes without thinking it lets you flow up and down the News International that's not what you know, if I say something like that they might go like oh, what is this?

Maybe you can learn this thing from there and then go that is the trick, but it's not Uh Elder that sounds cool. But you can't play every song in the way. I'm Troy from Studio 33. It doesn't do all the benefits I talked about here. Yeah.

The reason why I call like I flat finger because you just put your finger flat on it. Oh, you don't even have to do the hooky thing. No, just yeah everything like, you know, you you struggle with chords like and muting and everything and one finger and it's just bar chords. Here somewhere. Yeah, but like there's a trick to it got it.

Got it. Got it. You have to change your draw D. You know how to seem to drop the So what Rob D? uh That's awesome.

So most people don't know how to tune to drive. Do you just tune your string to to D into you? Although you string to Dean instead and then you can just use your first finger literally play any of the 12 chords up and down the neck. interesting and this is why you can't play any song in the world in any key because you can just go up and down and Actually, it probably makes it pretty easy to learn things by ear too. Mmm.

Yeah, I've been teaching you to around this entire time. for seven years So is it flat finger fretting or flat finger tuning? mmm What? No you don't? Yeah, I don't want to.

Because once like I don't even want to mention like the the tuning part until the products got it, it's not I feel like oh wait drop. Yeah, and yeah, you know make sense not deep healing and then I go like you see like when I can just go figure this out right got it. But also in my course, I don't want to like walk them for a few things that first like on the first 10 minutes. I'll probably just walk them through like playing with just one thing on one string to build the strength and then show them, you know how to flatten their finger and just breath hard. It does take a little bit of strength.

but you know, that's the only downside of this one here, right? Like if you're an adult, it shouldn't be that hard usually like I don't teach that to kids right away because like kids have strength problems, right? I would run it dude. I would I would definitely test it. Like like I said, I think it's it's definitely more.

It's more interesting at least to me as a beginner than and certainly the micro Aesthetics. Okay. So I probably just work on that this weekend. just make it short and sweet, you know because I don't want to drag it on too long because now like I know YouTube Just penalizes you for like longer videos, so I don't know if Maybe like you could say a lot and a couple of hours. There was one ad I saw on TV this morning man this f****** brilliant.

I don't know if you it was on TV. I still have it my we're just crazy. when is whoosh do you think I'd get more sign ups if I if I position this as a as a free offer and then they pay Seven dollars in three days or something like that. I would test it at some I mean you could split test it I guess and see what happens but but you you would test that like the the price up front or because here's the problem with click funnels. I still have to charge them one dollar if I do a free offer, you know.

Because you're going straight to stripe. Yeah. Yeah. So then you know that that might you know, then my defeat the purpose of a free offer kind of thing. Right, right.

Yeah, the way you have it set up. Yes. It's it's harder to do. There's there's a way to do it like if you're using Infusionsoft or something like that where you don't but I still don't like if it doesn't all it because even if you do it for zero, then it doesn't really authorize the card. So you never really know that it's gonna go through or not anyways Ahead of us to Mac.

and po see if there's a I think it's on YouTube. What was that? This is for sign completely different, right? There's a physical product but it's it's basically like Febreze but I mean the f****** ad was hilarious. Just wanted me to.

What's the name of the product hoof? P o o p h? proof There's an ad on here, but it's not the same one that was on TV. It's cloudy party. This is Poop world no harsh chemicals.

No Pharmacy princes not seriously that was on TV. Yeah, that's second one. It was a variation of actually a month. If not more just from this app on my phone. This is please no harsh temples are fragrances.

Yes, seriously. It's sacred people. That's and the plans. Oh, that's you're alone. He's got to move it you.

Wow, I don't smell anything literally nothing. That's because there's nothing to smell. It's so great formula and No, Nonsense no fragrance over and Formula humans in the country largest municipal waste companies to eliminate organic odors and make entire communities more livable. Yeah. It meets the most stringent safety standards pet odor proofing odor on the pets and defeats Finance wet dog litter box.

Rest any organic older once break anything. It's not it's great only cover up and reduced over. Here if it's mentals here on a molecular level. he takes power one eliminate stuff with us yet safe enough to use on always their best your bags. It's the state seats losing cushions even litter boxes and garbage cans.

So why waste money any productivity for this 1999 and get free shipping. I hear you. I'm totally gonna buy that because I bought this new park as my transmission data to two days ago. But it's not a new car. It's an old car obviously because again, all right, but it stinks in there like that.

Like I think it was a smoker's car and I didn't realize when that when I bought it but like yesterday I was cleaning it and I You know like the smoke like residue was all good. I had to wipe it like twice and like we're still rub it and it still was dirty. I'm like Jesus Christ and The Siege just think so. I might just buy it. I mean, I mean again today dude, it could be for Breeze in a bottle.

But I mean just the fact that he niched it down to pets and made the ad funny and but yeah minute 44 to get to the offer so and obviously, you know told the story how he came up with it all the different uses for it. You just said you wanted to buy it. So I mean it kind of work. Yeah. That's true.

Yeah you and I think you know, that's that's probably more along the lines of You know what I should do for because you know, like make money online. I guess. I'll sit down and just watch a 10 minute video and even so like Earlier I had an ad and I clicked on it and then I started watching like the video and like a little recliked out of it. And it was like then then Henry had about like cold calling or something like that closing or whatever and like I don't know. I feel like even me like I just maybe it's because I know everything that we're doing now.

We're definitely get cynical real quick and easy. Once we yeah, oh you have to do is just do this. Do they do that, you know, so I don't know. Do you I don't what I mean. I would send it but I would send it to Michael or Paul and be like, hey, just can you take a look at this?

Let me know what you think just to get their take on it, but I think it's worth worth a test for sure. Okay. And yeah, I mean flat finger-friending is the the main I just picked that because like you can't Google it and find it. That's fine for now. I mean for now, it's fine.

I mean you can test it's not gonna it's not gonna make or break the ad right so but cool, so I'll probably just try that and I don't know. Hopefully it'll work like earlier today. I was like, oh my God like Am I just wasting my time? Like, you know, it's been three years. It's been three years.

I get it dude. It's but you know again it's a competitive market full of full of smart marketers and and none of them got nailed it out of the gate either. That's the thing but it's it's possible right? And and once you get it, you're gonna be like, I'm so glad I persisted. Okay?

Yeah. so as long as like you're not starving, you're still paying your rent, like, you know, all that s*** like Oh, you got a funnel hacker shirt. There you go to now I sign up for the trial at 2.0 and they sent a big box with a what's the difference in between 2.0 and the so it's it's more of a complete platform. So it's a but it's not ready for prime time yet. It doesn't even have a stripe integration yet.

It's only got like Russell's own payment Network. That's the payment processor. What is the I don't know something. He created his own kind of stripe, I guess or something like that so he can get a piece every sale as well. Does it have like a members there yet?

That's better. Yeah, it's got a better members area. It's more. It's more like a real website builder. Like you can have a Blog you can have Universal headers and Footers.

It's got a better it's got like an active campaign type CRM and it you can you can add logic to the funnels so you can be like Like, you know, like you know how right now when it you if you need to add a product in different funnels, you got to kind of recreate the product you don't have to do that. You'd have like one Central product database and you could put that product in any funnel you want and you can have logic in the funnel. It's like hey if they already bought this product that don't show them that show them there's other thing that they haven't bought yet that kind of stuff so it's got some cool stuff. but like I said, it's not doesn't have any Integrations yet, really so we can't use it and it also they also they also seem to Broken the thing that was their biggest advantage in my opinion, which was the ability to Make the order forms. Look, however, you want to move the order form fields around anywhere on the page.

You can do that 1.0. You can't do that in 2.0 and to me that was I was one of their biggest Advantage because Sam cart and Thrive car and all the other ones had that same problem where the order form is fixed. You can't change. It sucks. Sometimes sometimes you want, you know.

The contact info here and the billing info here. You can do that 1.0 and at least at the moment you can't do that 2.0. So yeah, I guess very probably just the tech people are still trying to figure things out I guess. Yeah. There was another one though that I saw that that looks interesting.

It's It's and I know. so this one similar, it's very it's very click funnels like but it also has That's what no, that's why. s t e m e i o so very quick funnels like but it's got a you know, it's got a full CRM like active campaign. It's gonna affiliate management. Is it very good with the pricing?

It's real cheap. Oh wow. Yeah, cuz like I mean click funnels is 97 dollars a month and they're like remember. Yeah, I just kind of sucks, right? But I don't know.

I mean this one still kind of new too, maybe missing some stuff, but I took it I just took a quick look around in it and it's on the right path at least and the CRM is included. Yeah, I think so because now like if I go past five hundred Oh 500 people on on my active campaign, but I start paying more. Yeah, well yeah so it might be worth it might be something to look at So the automation rule is so I mean, you're a little limited on the automation rules and stuff like that. But you get at least you get unlimited students. One 10 upsells, but I mean that's enough free, you know, even at forty seven still.

Oh s***, if you're paying 97 for click funnels and active campaign and try some bucks you could have unlimited. Yeah, I'm not saying switch yet. I'm saying sign up for a free account play around with it. See if see what you think of it. Yeah, because you know that makes sense.

Right, cool. Thank you. Do you want to I mean, do you want me to show you that one finger trick? Yeah, I am here. Definitely curious now here.

I gotta go grab my guitar. And do you mind if I go pee real quick?
