---
title: "Tech 2022-03-04 16:59:19"
date: 2022-03-04
duration: 2h 25m
duration_seconds: 8759
vimeo_id: 684789683
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2022-03-04 16:59:19

**Date:** 2022-03-04 | **Duration:** 2h 25m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, Mark.

Hi, Teddy. How are you doing? I'm good, buddy. How are you? Buddy, how are you?

Very good. Long time no see. Yeah, man. What have you been up to? Yeah, man.

What have you been up to? We've just been getting the campaign going. And as I'm kind of learning how this all works with baby steps, making loads of mistakes
and everything. What's coming to the what I'm really enjoying is all the data, the analytics, you know, seeing
what's going on and, and really, and why today what I really would love some help with is,
is the analytics and really being able to track the conversions. What's the, I mean, I, I remember, I recall last time we, you know, you've touched on it, you know, quite a few times in other meetings, but I really need, I would like some guidance as to the best way to kind of track this stuff through, you know, Facebook, Clickfunnels, Infusionsoft, whatever we're, we're using.

And also some help, if possible, I don't know if you can help me with this, but, you know, we've really had some, we use Infusionsoft, we use Clickfunnels, we've got Shopify and really wanted a, you know, a bit of a hack in terms of all the billing and the invoicing and, you know, the, the kind of admin side of it. Do you know what I mean? All of that. If there is something that, that's. Yeah, potentially.

Potentially. Potentially. Now you're using Infusionsoft and Shopify. Shopify. Yeah.

At the moment. So to, to bring you up to date to what we're doing, we use Infusionsoft and yes, we've been using Shopify. I've been unsuccessfully using Zapier to connect Shopify and Infusionsoft. And it's kind of been super glitchy, you know, it's really up and down. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.

And also using Zapier to connect Clickfunnels with Infusionsoft. And again, it's kind of, it's not, it's not ideal as far as I'm concerned. So what, one of the things we were contemplating and really, I'd love to know what you think. Um, we were thinking of, I mean, I, I like Infusionsoft. It's really powerful, but it's not geared in my opinion.

It's not really geared up for it, for really, uh, for e-commerce and Shopify. So what I did temporarily or what I've done is actually, I signed up with Klaviyo to kind of run, you know, more Shopify specific campaign. Cause it seems almost it's, it's been purpose built for that. It seems to be. You know, way more.

You were, you were, you were breaking up there, breaking up there at the end. But, but I, I heard, I, I got the gist of what you said. I got the gist of what you said. Okay. Uh, and agree with you, like.

And agree with you. Like for, for e-com Klaviyo is typically a better solution. You know, be able to send people there. But for a tracking and reporting standpoint. Yeah.

Uh, it, it could get in the way potentially. Okay. So, so just to be clear, the, our. Just to be clear. The orders.

Happens in ClickFunnels at all? ClickFunnels at all? We're doing, we're doing, we've actually got, so this is where the kind of, at the moment, this is why it's a bit messy. We've got orders coming in through ClickFunnels. Okay.

Well, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we've got funnels set up with ClickFunnels, but I've got ClickFunnels set up with Shopify. So the order information comes through in Shopify, if that makes sense. Got it. Got it. So the payment, basically what happens is with the funnel, the payment is processed with Stripe.

Uh, so ClickFunnels is connected with Stripe for the actual payment. But the order will show up in Shopify. Got it. Got it. Um, um, and, and then, and then we also, uh, do direct sales in Shopify.

Gotcha. So I'm just trying, I'm trying to think through what's going to be the, the best solution for you without getting into a super expensive reporting tool that tries to pull in data from everywhere. Um, you know, my thinking is when we, I'm, you know, to be clear, I, I know that we need to go the, you know, serious route and the expensive route in due course. But I'm hoping that there's a bit of a, should we say a progression where we can start, start, should we say getting sales? Cause at the moment, the reality is from, from, we've just begun our journey with the, you know, with the campaigns, with the Facebook marketing.

And at the moment, you know, we're not, we're not really making sales at this point. We're, you know, we're, we're fine tuning and building out, you know, really the campaign so that it works. And, and, and in terms of when you're, when, in terms of when you're, when you're driving paid traffic, are you driving, you're driving that to ClickFunnels, not to Shopify, right? Uh, correct. At the, at the moment, yeah.

At the moment we're, we're, I mean, and, and again, I'd be very grateful for your feedback on this. My, my, my understanding is that, you know, when we're doing kind of cold traffic from campaigns, from advertising, we send them through to ClickFunnels. But once they're on our list, we then, we then do the email campaigns directly into, you know, into Shopify. You could, uh, I, I, I, I would send them where, where the conversion is easiest, right? And so if a regular shopping cart experience is easier or better than what you can build in ClickFunnels, which, you know, if they're like, look, the reality is if they're only buying one thing at a time, one thing at a time.

Well, no, but they're, they're, they're normally, I mean, the reality is so, so one option is one suggestion that I've had is to actually build out, um, because for our higher end products, we really need a sales page rather than just, uh, an e-commerce page. So what was suggested to me was to use Zipify pages, build out a funnel page. And of course it then will integrate directly onto the shop, onto the Shopify platform with, so I'm able to build effectively, uh, a decent landing page, uh, in Zipify, you know, Zipify. What, what, what, what's your, uh, again, is that, is that, you know, cause we, we, we need a lot, we need more of a long form sales page, uh, just a, an, an ordinary product page is not going to do it for the higher end stuff. Right.

Yeah. I mean, look, my, my preference here is that you simplify and minimize the number of tools as much as possible. Right. So, so if you're getting a lot of organic sales, Shopify, and now you're adding this, this paid campaign component based on, you know, the five campaign kind of thing, and you can build thing and you can build that in Shopify and Shopify gives you the reporting that you need, which even if it doesn't, if I isn't giving us the reporting, that's the problem. Okay.

Um, and, and unfortunately I'm not an expert in Shopify for tracking and recording. I, I can certainly, I can certainly help you make it work with quick funnels and infusion. That's easy. Uh, you make funnels and infusion. That's easy.

Uh,
the entrance element, he mentioned improvely and then, you know, maybe to begin. And then as a step up, potentially wicked reports and then high Ross, uh, not at the, I wouldn't say we're at the, you know, at that, you know, our spend on advertising at the moment is nowhere near, you know, it's not, it's not a lot of money at the moment. It's maybe a thousand, 2,000, the month, something like that. Yeah. Yeah.

Anyway. What you. Sorry, you're breaking up. Sorry. You're breaking up.

Uh,
Can you hear me? can you hear me i've pretty much told you're you're like in uber slow mo
i'll let you hear me okay yeah i'll i'll let you get inside the house
i can actually i can i can log on on my laptop which will probably be a bit better should i do that
yeah go ahead
no that'll be fun
um
Thank you. Thank you. So that should, on my laptop, that should... Okay.

Okay. Thanks, Teddy. Perfect. All right. Awesome.

All right. So let me tell you what I think the easiest, cleanest setup is. Maybe not the best, necessarily. Okay. The easiest cleanup is absolutely ClickFunnels, Infusionsoft, Improvedly, right?

Right. And the reality is that you'll get 90% of the data you need just from ClickFunnels and Infusion, but it still helps to have Improvedly and it's cheap enough that it's not a big expense. And so there's a... It allows you to capture where they came from and store that information in Infusionsoft. Okay.

Yeah. You would specify the source, which in this case would be Facebook. You would specify the medium. In this case, it would be PPC. It's a paid campaign.

You would identify what campaign it was and even possibly which ad it was. And so... How am I doing that? Am I doing that with the link? Am I just modifying the links?

Correct. Or am I actually putting tags on? Yeah, no. In the actual URL to the landing page that you put in Facebook, you specify those parameters. So I set up the tag basically in ClickFunnels with the name of the link in the creation of the link.

Would I do that that way? You set it up in Facebook. Okay. The same place where you would put in, this is where I want the traffic to go. Yeah.

That URL would just then contain those parameters. And there's a certain way that you could set it up where Facebook appends it on its own and dynamically puts in what the name of the campaign was and things like that. Okay. Let me just give you the high-level structure of it. Yeah.

Then we'll get into the nitty-gritty. So you pass the information from the ad to the page. The opt-in form on the page has a couple of hidden fields that capture that information. And that would be the Infusionsoft. That would be an Infusionsoft form.

Yeah. So when you create the form inside of Infusionsoft, you create the fields for name and email, but you also create a bunch of custom fields in Infusionsoft to store the source, the medium, like all those UTM values are going to get stored in Infusionsoft as custom fields as well. Okay. Right. So the user never sees those fields on the form, but they are technically there.

And there's a little piece of JavaScript that you can get for free from a company called iTracker that basically what iTracker does is it looks in the URL for those values and it looks to see if there's an Infusionsoft form on the page. And if it finds both, it'll populate those values so that they get submitted to Infusionsoft properly. It's free. It's simple to set up. And it'll kind of walk you through that process.

So what that ends up doing is that now anybody that is interested in buying has been added to Infusionsoft. You know exactly where they came from and provided that the order then got sent to Infusionsoft afterwards, you would be very easily able to run a report inside of Infusion and say, show me all the orders that came from Facebook versus YouTube versus that came from this specific Facebook campaign. Because all that information would be in there and associated with that customer. Right. Does that mean you're looking for us?

Would that mean taking payments through Infusionsoft? That would mean taking payments through Infusionsoft, but if you're processing through Stripe, then Infusion can still process that transaction through Stripe for you. Right. But what ends up happening is ClickFunnels basically sends the order information over to Infusionsoft and processes the charge through Infusionsoft. So it's a seamless process, right?

If you've ever bought anything from us, you've bought it through ClickFunnels, but all of that order processing happened through Infusion. How did you connect? What are you using to connect ClickFunnels? Is it the direct integration? It's the direct API integration, but it's not the version two API integration.

It's the regular API integration that uses your API key. That one is... But I never got that to work properly. When I tried to connect ClickFunnels with Infusionsoft, it didn't seem to work properly. Yeah.

So I'm not sure why, but if you tried to use version two, version two doesn't always work properly. So version one does work seamlessly and we have never had a problem with it in five years. Okay. So at the moment, for ClickFunnels, I can use the version one API. Correct.

Yeah. And then you just have to change your order forms to set up the Infusion products and all that kind of stuff. So, and look, there's nobody else on the call, right? So I'm happy to walk you through the entire thing. If you want to just get your hands dirty and implement it, we're happy to do that.

You can even do it on a, you know, you can clone your current order form and we can set it up on a second order forms so that you're not affecting your current. If you got current traffic going to it. I'd love to see how to do it because it's been, honestly, it's been a nightmare. We haven't been able, or to date, I haven't managed to integrate ClickFunnels directly with Infusionsoft properly. I've been using Zapier, which kind of is all over the place.

Yeah. That's a mess because it doesn't apply the payment. Yeah. One day it works next minute. It doesn't.

So, I mean, I really, yeah, I'd love to dive into it. Can I just grab a pen and you can. I would, I would say grab, grab your, grab your laptop and just share your screen and I'm just going to walk. Okay. Let's just do it.

Okay. Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of steps, so it's easier to just do it then. And you'll learn it better by doing it than trying. Okay.

Okay. Let's, let's, let's go then. Let's do it. No problem. All right.

So you're, you're going to want to log into ClickFunnels, log into Infusionsoft. I, you know, I didn't even know that I, I ultimately, I didn't even know that it was possible for me to, to connect properly, you know, ClickFunnels within Infusionsoft. I mean, I think Infusionsoft is amazing. I don't profess to be, you know, such a whiz with it, but. Right.

We will build this whole thing out in the next two hours. Wow. Okay. All right. Here's Infusionsoft.

And I'll look into ClickFunnels as well. Well, there, there's so much to learn. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm happy to learn it, but it's just like, you know, it's only when I'm going into these campaigns in this way that I realize I'm realizing what I need to, what I need to learn. Mm-hmm. All good.

And then the other site you're going to want to open up and set up a free account for is iTracker. What was it called? iTracker360.com. iTracker360.com. Don't wait a second.

I'm just logging into everything. How long, how long is it? How long do you think it'll take me to get my head around this stuff? I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm reasonably tech here. I'm not, not too bad.

I think, I mean, I think once we do it once, once you do it once, you'll have, you'll have the template, right? Because then you can just clone, you'll be able to clone the campaign that we build in Infusion and you'll be able to clone this funnel and just keep kind of modeling it. So, but it takes, takes actually building it once to get your head around all the moving pieces of it. Okay, good. All right.

I'm in. What do you, what do I mean to click funnels? I'm into. Infusionsoft. Anything else you need?

Nope. So, so share screen. There's going to be a couple parts where I ask you to go grab your API key and plug it in somewhere. Yeah. Turn your screen sharing off when you do that.

But. All right. So, so click got it here. Click later on the upsell. Yeah.

Can you click got it on that little cookie policy thing on there. All right. Great. Now click on your name. You can plug it in somewhere.

Yeah. Turn your screen sharing off when you do that. But. All right. So, so click got it here.

Click later on the upsell. Yeah. All right. Great. Now click on your name.

Okay. Settings. Yeah. Do you want me to go into the funnel or you want me to? No, no.

Account settings first. Okay. Scroll down. The integrations. Actually, sorry.

Pay. Yeah. No. Go back. Sorry.

Payment gateways. Not integrations. Actually. Sorry. Payment gateways.

Not integrations. So get rid of the version 2.1 just so you don't get confused later on. Okay. Add a new payment gateway. Which one?

This one. That one. Yep. All right. So that's it.

Hj254 is your app name. Now you're going to need your key in a minute. That's fine. Just leave that screen open for a second. Okay.

Once. Go to eye tracker 360 because you're going to need the API key for that as well. I need to create an account. Create an account, what do I need to do here? Yeah, scroll down.

There's an option for a free account. Just get started now. I'll just sign up for the free for the moment. Yep. Hey, David, how are you doing, buddy?

Hey, doing great. Good. Welcome to the call, man. Thank you. Excited to be here.

I just had a couple of basic tech questions. I can wait till the. Well, this is actually going to be a long process. Actually, while he's filling out this form, I can help you out. So that's just the app name, Mark.

So the same, the JL, whatever it was. What's your question, David? I don't know. I'm sorry. What was your name?

Teddy, Teddy Garcia. Teddy. Okay. Are you the main one that normally runs this? Well, this is the tech call.

So anything. Well, I mean this call. That's what I mean. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay. Because I was on. Oh, you are my buddy, Ben. Yeah. Yeah.

And he didn't know the answers to some of my questions, but he said he was going to
get with you. That was a few weeks ago. So I don't know if it, if you didn't get the message or what happened. Yeah. No, I had emailed you because, because Michael told me about it as well.

You're the one with the affiliates tracking stuff, right? Yeah. Okay, cool. I haven't, I hadn't. Yeah.

The last couple of days I had me to get caught up on emails, but so yeah, if you sent me an
email, that's cool. I'll check that out. Um, did you, so you already knew the answers to that stuff. I know, I know the high level that you're, that you're having issues with tracking affiliate
sales through ClickFunnels, but I definitely needed more, more information, uh, in terms
of, so are you just using ClickFunnels or do you have something like Infusionsoft? Yeah.

Right now we only have ClickFunnels, but the issue has been that when we bring them into
a free community, like if they opt in on the landing page, the ClickFunnels funnel landing
page to opt into a five day free challenge, there's no payment transaction. So we talked, we dealt with ClickFunnels and they couldn't figure it out. They basically said that they don't have a way to track a free page if, which is so weird
to me, like it just needs to track and show us like who these people are coming from. But they said there, it has to be a payment page or whatever to where there's a payment
happening, right? Well, a payment happens later in that same funnel, but when we do a post and
people click on the link to get into either our free challenge or our free community, we just need
to be able to track that so we can pay, you know, our affiliates properly.

Gotcha. Gotcha. So, so yeah, I, well, a couple of things I would say, number one, ClickFunnels is an
awesome page builder and it's an awesome order process system. Okay. It is a, it is a crappy CRM marketing system, affiliate management system, right?

So, you know,
ideally you're going to want, and I don't know what, how big your business is, right? But like, you know,
something like Infusionsoft that has affiliate management built into it, uh, or a third party,
uh, affiliate service, like it used to be called has offers. I forget what it's called now. Um,
that can track affiliate sales easily, or something as simple as like improvely where you can, you know,
just track how many leads each affiliate is sending you and then say, all right, hey, this person sent
me a hundred leads, paying them a dollar lead. I owe them a hundred bucks.

Um, but the problem is
like, you know, if you need affiliates to be able to log in somewhere and see that data and run their
own reports and export their leads and stuff like that, like that's a whole different system, right? So part of it is really kind of nailing down, like, what are the real requirements? It sounds like
one of the big ones obviously is being able to compensate affiliates per lead. Um, but then also,
you know, is it a single tier, a two tier affiliate program? Like can affiliates refer other affiliates
and get an override?

Like, so no, that's, that's why it was hard to answer your question without kind of
digging through all these other questions, right? Yeah. It's pretty basic. There's no,
right now it's just one tier and affiliate and people to our coaching program and we pay them
if they get into the coaching or the video course. So like, if it were you, would you,
I know you mentioned Infusionsoft and several other solutions there.

What, what would you use? Uh, if it were me, if it were me, I would definitely use Infusionsoft. Yes. Okay. So with Infusionsoft, somehow that would plug in to integrate with the ClickFunnels?

Yeah. Which is, which is exactly what I'm about to do right here with, with Mark, uh, actually. So
I'm about to walk him through an entire ClickFunnels, Infusionsoft integration, and all the tracking
part. For him, it's about tracking his paid traffic, but honestly, the way you would track affiliates is,
is almost identical. Um, but the difference is that Infusion has an affiliate system built into it,
um, where you can very easily specify, Hey, you know, I want to pay these.

And, and so I guess I
just want to be clear on one thing. Are you paying them for per opt-in or are you paying them per sale? Only per sale. Okay. So, and so why doesn't the ClickFunnels one work for you then?

Well, that's what I haven't been able to find out because they said, because when the affiliate
uses their affiliate link to send people to our page, our ClickFunnels page, that page they're
sending them to is not a sales page. It's a registration page to register. It shouldn't matter. If the affiliate sent traffic to that funnel through their affiliate link,
then ClickFunnels is supposed to cookie it. And when that person eventually buys,
it should know who the affiliate was.

Exactly. That's what I've been thinking. So,
cause I mean, it's that same funnel where we have a checkout page for later on, you know, you know,
cause, cause right now it's just their affiliate link sends them to a registration page for free. There's no purchase and they just register name and email. The only action that the person takes is
name and email, boom, they're registered.

They're in our free community. Um, um, you know, the
challenge, whatever it might be for free. Um, and then later on, whenever we make the offer,
you know, to the people in that community, then, then it's still in that same funnel where they're,
where they're actually transacting and purchasing. So that's, and that's what, uh, Ben was saying
that there's gotta be some way in the coding or in the some somewhere where we could see,
even though it's not a, like, we can't, I guess, pull a report. So ClickFunnels couldn't figure it
out.

Apparently we went back and forth with them, you know, a while back, just trying to say, Hey,
this is what we're trying to do. We just need to see and track and have it all. And they were like,
well, we, we just, unless we never could get to a right person over there. I don't know if you have
connections over there or what, but it's, it's they, they, everybody we talked to over there,
of course, it's all, it was all through email, but yeah, yeah, it's all, it's all through email. And you're probably just only getting to first level.

So, and again, I haven't used their, um,
their affiliate system much to track anything because, because we use Infusionsoft. Um,
you know, the, the, the only thing I would say is, you know, Infusionsoft is not cheap,
right? So I don't, I don't, I don't want to put you into that solution. Uh, you know,
until it makes sense to do so. There, there may be other, like, uh, let's see, I'm just looking at
this other one here.

Uh, and Mark, well, well, you just need to find that email that they, I track
or send. I've done all that. I've signed in and everything. Yeah. No, no.

So please log in,
click here to log in. Uh, uh, yeah, these guys got expensive too now. All right. Um,
and you're sure the affiliates are using, are pulling the link from their affiliate center and
sending through it. Yeah.

So they, yeah, they, they, they're clicking through their affiliate link,
link, but on the purchases, I don't know how to find out who they came from. And you have the products set up in ClickFunnels as, as a backpack, backpack product that's eligible
for commissions. Uh, that's a good question. So check to see if it's set up as a backpack product. Yeah.

So actually, actually Mark's got his mark. Can you go to your, go to your order form and
ClickFunnels for a minute since we already got your page up? Yeah, sure. Can you see my page? Can you see the infusion?

So that's the ClickFunnels page. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The order form.

Yeah. Just go to your order form and then go to the products tab. And David,
are you using Stripe in ClickFunnels? Yes. Yeah.

Okay. So click on edit for a minute, Mark. Go to the next step. Scroll down. Go to the next step.

Scroll down. Oh, you may not have, Mark may not have back. So usually on this second step, there's a box down
here at the bottom that says, uh, back here. I guess I'll find it on my account. Hang on a second.

No, I'm not, I'm not using that. I don't think. Yeah. Uh, hang on one second. Um, well, the weird part is like, whenever we were messaging ClickFunnels back and forth,
they just kept telling us the same thing.

Everybody we talked to that there was no way to
track to a free page. Yeah. But I think it's because I think they were, I think they were,
I think they were misunderstanding you. And I think they were assuming that you wanted to give
affiliates credit for somebody just opting in versus just capturing who the affiliate was when
they opted in, but only giving credit when they actually made the purchase, which is what you're trying. So of all your clients you've dealt with, I mean, cause I'm sure you got folks who do like free
challenges or different things.

Like, are they just mostly. Well, I mean, I mean, I would say,
I would say 90% of the people we deal with definitely just use, uh, use Infusionsoft. Um,
and, and the ones that, that don't use Infusionsoft typically also don't have, uh, affiliate programs,
but the, the funnel I'm about to show you is somebody that, uh, and I'll be, I'll actually be
able to go in here and check in a minute. So let me share my screen for a minute. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...

oh there it is right there sorry
so right here you got to make sure that this is set right that the product's commissionable
you should have set up a commission plan probably inside of that back which i think
i'm sure that's got to be i'd be shocked if that's not on because when the guy set up our
um affiliate page so that people can get their affiliate links and all that he
he said everything so i mean yeah i would hope but maybe i'll double check that to make sure though
yeah so you definitely just want to make double check that and then again i'll obviously just
double check um now in this particular case this this first page is actually an order form but i'm
pretty sure they have other pages where they're they're driving traffic as an opt-in and and the
person is buying later okay so you're not sure ted you said teddy right yes so teddy did you say that
um you're not sure where like in the system we would be able to find let's say someone hasn't
purchased yet but where we would be able to see where these people came from or what affiliate they
came from or yeah well so uh the the way it works is back
like let's say an affiliate sent 100 people into our challenge nobody's purchased anything yet but
all these people that are in our in our in the system um they've come in they've opted in
okay surely there's got to be somewhere in there where we could see who they're tagged to
well so so unfortunately the way click funnels reporting works is you got to kind of know what
you're searching for it doesn't it won't give you like a at least from this screen so the funnel stats
if you want to see a particular affiliate you can certainly put in their affiliate id in here
and apply the filter and then it would filter all these stats to that specific affiliate um i don't know
let me just go see here again i haven't used backpack a whole lot but uh i'm truly amazed
that click funnels has been able to be as successful as they are with no phone
customer service that's like boggles my mind yeah
uh is that weird to you uh it's it's weird but not not totally
surprising uh yeah so it looks like you could just so it looks like the same thing i don't think
there's a report in here it shows you just clicks it'll show you the commissions
but not the clicks versus in infusionsoft you can see all that stuff right you can very easily run a
report see exactly you know which how many clicks each particular link got and how many of those
clicks were unique and how many of the visitors opted in and how many of those people bought and
did they buy a one-time plan or a recurring plan so it sounds like that's the way to go
infusionsoft yeah and like i said i looked at this other solution that used to be a lot cheaper
but now it's 500 a month for for this thing um there might be other ones like let me see how much
this one is this is still around so like just to get the infusionsoft affiliate element what
what does that run uh that's probably about 300 bucks
and i don't want to hold you guys up from your thing i can get with infusionsoft and look at those
options no but i mean if you're going to go down this route it'd probably be worth it for you
potentially stay on maybe it's about 300 minimum and it depends on the number of contacts that you've
got for infusionsoft okay so so it's i think i mean at the moment i think it's like 10 i think it
might be something i don't know 10 000 or something for 300 and then as i said depending upon the number
they kind of got a scale system but depending upon how many people you've got on your list
you and you can just continue to upgrade as you grow your list okay
yeah and typically you want the max classic version not not their their new versions uh max classic just has
some additional features um let me just see the pricing is not and david also for click funnels
you they do have chat which is which i found which is quite helpful they've got live chat
okay if you go into chat it's normally automated yeah it's like the it's it's the bot but when what
happens is it then gives you the option oh have we answered your question and if you click no
they'll then put you through to someone live on uh on the chat oh okay i didn't realize that thank
you it's pretty good and keep have telephone support yeah sorry infusionsoft have telephone
keep infusionsoft same same thing yeah okay thank you for that and what did you say
teddy the infusionsoft max what was the one you want max class max classic
it's it's a it's a lesser lesser promoted version but it's actually the better version of the software
uh by the way mark did you see this this is supposedly coming this month what is this
the shopify integration oh i heard i heard about it that's that is uh so what do you think
should i bother with clavier or not or is this for sales mainly uh so it'll depend on what they
on what the shopify integration looks like but i mean if it if it if it's a full integration where
it can know you know again you abandon a shopify cart and show you the items that were in it kind of
thing then i don't i mean infusion is still going to be better than clavier at the end of the day
right like well even for the e-commerce stuff i mean i was looking at the ready-made triggers in
clavier i mean it's well i mean you tell me what do you think yeah again so it'll depend on what
this implementation looks like but if they build i i assume they're adding this to so that clavier
is no longer an option for for people or that they don't have people bailing to go to clavier
yeah uh so you know if they mimic the same functionality and it's the same kind of thing
like you know that well we'll just have to see what they kind of come up with but when is it coming
out when is it out that said that said march that said this month so we'll see is it automatically
included or is it an additional payment plan or what if you're on max classic i would assuming they
integrate it with max classic which is the other only other potential roadblock that's only 100 a
month right there for max for your first three months it's 199 a month oh and that's only and that's
only 500 contacts but like i said you need max classic which i believe david is right it start
or mark's right it starts at uh 299 a month okay yeah we'll probably just do that because it's an
important piece of what we're doing here and i want to make sure everybody getting getting tracked
properly and all that because it's okay i mean i i mean there you know there are third-party tools
like this uh let me just see what the pricing on that like you know so here here's an option that
you can at least test like real cheap for 39 bucks a month if you wanted to oh what would that be i
this is uh idev affiliate so it's idev direct.com these guys have been around for a really long time
um typically this just involves uh you know putting pixels on on the different pages
the the only challenge you may run into will be uh sending the actual order total the correct order
total amount over to them yeah that would be okay we could manually handle that part as long as we
have the tracking of who's coming from where which if that could accomplish that that's really all we
need we don't need you know all the other bells and whistles at this point yeah so i mean for 40 bucks
i would at least you know potentially set it up and try it uh and you know just kind of run a couple
tests yourself make sure it works before you roll it out to the affiliates but i don't see any reason
why this wouldn't work um if that's the only problem you're having now i would say fundamentally
though right like if you don't have a system like active campaign or something like that to do
all your email marketing and all your marketing automation then you know you kind of need that too
right yeah we've been using mailchimp for all of our yeah that's you're not you're not going to
make it far in this business on mailchimp just to be and why is that what's the difference in that
it's just not it wasn't built for the type of marketing that that we're kind of that most people
do in terms of the way automations really should work um you know like when you build something out
in infusionsoft uh i mean you can build out you know very complex campaigns that you simply just
can't build in mailchimp but we could just do away with mailchimp and replace it with infusionsoft
infusionsoft and clickfunnels you can run the entire business on and never need anything else
other than some tracking tools and things like that but uh in terms of functionality
uh this this would be all you need okay yeah well that sounds good we want to have all the best
pieces in place yeah yeah okay the ideal tech the ideal tech stack i recommend to people if money's
not an issue is is absolutely clickfunnels infusionsoft uh and then a couple other tracking tools but
and what are the tracking tools you recommend uh to start off with you can definitely get started
with something like improvely um which uh you know mark and i are about to talk about as well
um and then at a higher level there's a platform called graphly that integrates directly with
infusionsoft that's where you can build out kind of high level company dashboards of all your
different stats you know what were your sales how many leads did you generate what you know all that
kind of stuff but oh no this is good man really helpful thank you guys for the for the help today
i'm gonna hop in here and help my wife with something but um and this session is these
sessions are recorded yeah this will be recorded so then this will be a good session to kind of refer
back to you because like i said i'm gonna dive dive deep with with mark and walk through an entire
implementation in a minute so okay thank you mark thank you teddy you're welcome buddy talk to you soon
all right so i'm gonna stop sharing here all right did you plug your api key in already before yeah perfect
all right so yeah so share your screen again and go back to eye tracker yeah
uh okay perfect yeah you're at the custom fields part yeah so let's let eye tracker create the uh the
custom fields this will make your life easy uh so let's just scroll down uh in terms of tabs uh click select tab
uh just you can just put it under custom fields for for now
what just general uh either one yeah that's fine
uh and then uh click on the advanced custom field for a minute i just want to see something
scroll down
okay okay now you can click click back
now what do you want me to click just click click back on your browser okay
um all right so yeah select the tab again and then just let it create those fields
which one general yeah general's fine for now always move them later all right click create custom fields for me
great click click next
scroll down
grab that snippet
go click click look go click click funnels
go back into the funnel yeah whichever funnel
some point we can do a session on google tag manager consolidating all this stuff but for right now
I'll just do the funnel settings on the blue bar there. Let's go down. And yeah, just put it in that head tracking code section. What, underneath the Facebook pixel? Actually, go back to eye tracker.

I can't remember if it says head or body. Didn't say, so it just shouldn't matter. No, I'm good. Let's do it before the closing body or closing head tag. Right, okay, yeah.

So put it in the head tracking. So should I put it underneath the... Yeah, it doesn't matter. It doesn't, anywhere in there is fine. Great.

Now, update the funnel. Okay, and so there is an opt-in form on the page. Great, all right. And so go to that opt-in form inside of Infusion. Oh, in Infusionsoft, yeah.

Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.

Yes. all right and so what we're going to do here is we're going to add we're going to add those
those fields that eye tracker just created we're going to add them add them to this form as hidden
fields so go under field snippets and drag the hidden yeah
it doesn't matter where you put it
and then which is which field right they'll probably be at the bottom of the list now so
where should i put it it just says which field what do i yeah so scroll they're probably at the
bottom of the list the ones that were just added so you want the gas oh no uh so you're going to look
for ga source oh there they are yeah this one ga source yeah you're gonna you're gonna add all
of those basically can i oh do i have to add them one at a time one at a time yeah no no value just
hit save don't do i have to keep adding another one or do i have to bring another i got it okay
wow this is very cool so we're actually putting in all the tracking tags and everything now is that
right correct yeah so what will happen what will happen now is when you opt in when when somebody
opts in through through this form uh and you have the utms and the url all these fields will be
populated with this information amazing it's another world as i said you know it's only now that i'm
getting into the analytics i'm learning what things that we have to do if it's all new
yeah uh scroll down i just type ga on your keyboard and it should probably take you there
like once you once you open the list just type ga yeah yeah well done the ga content all of those
this is it yep yep source content medium term
it's a whole nother education
the tracking the tracking is by far everybody's biggest hang up it's well do you know i'm i'm
i'm really i'm very i think i consider myself to be very lucky that i'm doing this stuff with you
at the beginning of the journey right you know it's not like we've got all this stuff up and running
we're just beginning all of it so right exactly uh it's a good time to to be doing that i guess
and in the future you won't necessarily have to do this like if you ever create a new campaign i would
either just clone this entire campaign or when you create a form in a in a new campaign you have the
option to copy from another copy a form from yeah and you could just duplicate copy it i would pull in
all these fields
source medium term campaign i think we've got a lot of work to do because i'm also looking to
which is another conversation for another time but i i want to automate an affiliate program as well
got it which again we haven't really done but uh that's a whole nother
oh do i need that the gh yeah refer your url and you need is that everything there's 246 uh
the ip address one too
isn't critical but helps
is that ga content or is that i just like that that one's just says ip address
cool great all right uh and then just while we're here go to the thank you page for a minute
okay great and then settings
uh click that don't use google recaptcha
all right so you can exit the form republish the campaign
is there at some point i need to go over to the paid version of eye tracker or
no not not not for this stuff really um and just a side note actually so while we're here right so
the especially if the order information is now going to flow through infusionsoft
then you know typically the way you would set up this campaign is you have that form
which starts triggers the campaign the that fatigue recovery video view if that's just in
you know if that's just one email sending them to the video i haven't i haven't set up any emails yet
we're just doing the mvf but i will be setting up an email and and then and then you would so once
you set that initial email you would keep sending emails basically trying to get them to buy sending
them back to the order form and you would have an actual purchase goal at the end of this campaign
so that when that product is purchased it stops sending them those emails and it potentially applies
a tag that they bought because of this campaign if that makes sense yeah so so what do you what do
you think to you do you think for the moment not to not to bother with clavio
uh i i would say what we're going to do today you will have no need for clavio for this funnel at least
i was just i was just thinking of the follow all the follow-up email sequences you know for for you
know abandoned cart following up on sales and triggering you know campaigns for you know upsells
and all the e-commerce email and again i mean i mean that may still make sense for for the shopify
stuff potentially it may be a simpler integration but for for the click funnels funnels i would build
everything in here did you know what that at the moment i think what you've outlined is probably
the easiest way forward at this moment yeah it's gonna be the cleanest it's gonna give you the best
data uh and you know that was really nicely so i'll i'll use i'll use um infusion soft as you've
suggested with click funnels keep that all tidy and and with the shopify stuff uh i'll use clavio and
then and then see where we go right i presume i can i can upload all the data from clavio to infusion
soft you can you can definitely upload the contacts from clavio yes yeah okay um and you can you can
create a zap even to send them over automatically as well right either way so is it my imagination or
is zapier uh you know kind of glitchy uh it's been glitchier lately than than it has been over the past
years but yeah it has been glitchy lately um all right so let's back out of here for a minute uh
and now do you have the so we published the campaign all right so uh double click on the form again
we need to grab the form code
so click on code
and click on html code unstyled
so will that be different code now that i have to read yeah it'll be it'll be a little bit
different because it's got you're going to have the extra field of course okay that's cool so go
back into click funnels and we'll have to go into each page individually but go on the first page
uh so under settings
integrations
do you know what i uh yeah okay this is right yeah so i just put in the new code in here yeah
yeah just yeah just do control right null form yes that's exactly how it should be
so you're going to delete that paste in the other one
and then you got to remove those javascripts so scripts uh is it from here
no it's from where the closing form tag is so if we scroll up a little bit
right there yeah yeah
those okay save web form great
yeah parsons save and just remap the fields real quick
is that doing it or yeah it did it so line up the fields down there again
nope other way around first one's first name too much excitement okay
okay that's it yeah and hit save
page looks great by the way man you like it it's a good looking page
diggy okay yeah and just go do it to the other page as well
uh can i just check that it's it's all integrated it is connected okay i wasn't sure
so i'll just go into the other and do the same thing correct cool
that wasn't even uh yeah whenever you create a split test variation it never copies over the form code
you always okay yeah i i that was a mistake so i got this all up and running
and we were sending one half of the traffic never got
technically i think click funnels captures those contacts anyways
it does i think you're right i think i think i think that's quite i think that's exactly right
so is that right just below form i get rid of everything exactly
yeah made a lot of mistakes setting up the uh
perfect uh okay so so now what will happen is when somebody opts in with the utms uh that
information will will be captured we'll test it in a minute um now in terms of so do you have
payment processing set up in infusion already have you sorry do i have what do you have oh yeah yeah
yeah absolutely we're using stripe okay and and this product that you're selling is has that been
created in infusion before no uh i don't know i don't think so actually we've been i set it up in uh
so no it's the answer i've only set it up in click funnels of the product i don't think i've set it up in infusion so
all right so go back to infusion then and just get out of the campaign
and go to uh
products or e-commerce yeah products
let me just double check i mean it might i'm just wondering we have set
oh do you know it might be here
oh but no i think
yeah i would have to uh i'd have to set it up uh yeah that's fine it's two seconds to set up all i
got to do is put a name in the price really so
shall i shall i uh put something in there to indicate that it's for this campaign
uh so typically i would not create different products for different campaigns like if you're
selling because later on when you look at your sales reports like that's the way to think about
it like how am i going to want to see this on a sales report am i going to want it broken out
it's just the fact that it's an offer it's not just the product again there's a whole package
they're getting with the when they buy it got it okay yeah so then just call it whatever it is
you know bundle or whatever i'll call it cozy mvf
offer
actually i'll call it cozy
photo
okay
that's not digital so
all right so then uh just set the price
typically hide it in the storefront
check that is hidden in storefront uh where is that a little check box right below oh yeah
okay what does that mean it's literally you just so so technically every econ every infusion soft
platform has has an e-commerce store to it okay or yeah i would never use it for anything but
uh you've got it but somebody that knows infusion soft can uh can browse through it and find all your
deals and different pricing so that that hides it um and then yeah shipping and weight and taxable none of that
really matters because you're not calculating any of that through here at the moment so if it's just a
one-time price that's all that's all you got to do i will tell you that while you while we're in here so
so let's say you wanted to split test at 297 versus 247 as a price yeah you wouldn't have to create
another product to do that yeah the way i do that is i go under subscription plans
yeah and i set up a subscription that's just um build this product for one day one time at whatever
price i want okay right and so that that allows me to have different prices for one product so when i
look at the sales report i'll see how many units of that thing i sold regardless of the different
prices now if you want to see it broken out by different prices then you could create different
products but just know that that's that's the way to if if i want to um so at the moment you know
we're offering free uk shipping so there's no problem but we've had we've had actually a couple of
people overseas purchase and i haven't i haven't known how to set it up for shipping you know uh do
i need do i need click funnels do i need additional tools or can i do that click funnels you can do it
in click funnels uh there is a if it's so it depends whether you're trying to actually calculate
shipping versus it's just going to be a flat rate shipping for international or whatever uh if it's
just a flat rate shipping for for international then uh you need cf pro tools to do it but which
is you know i'll use i'll use the pro tools because i know there's i know that it can do quite a lot and
i've kind of put off getting it you know so yeah so i mean pro tools will do it and you'll just you'll
create a shipping product uh international shipping product and then it would add that to the order if
they're in the countries that you identify through pro tools kind of thing okay so so we're just i'm
just going to keep it we'll keep it at this for the moment yeah for now they're fine yeah just hit
save and pretty much done so that's it yeah hit save yeah uh and then let's go in infusion uh click
funnels sorry
now if you want you can clone that order page and we can start from scratch or you can if it's up to
you yeah i'd like to clone it just interesting uh
uh at the moment can we can we just as i said i've got the ads and everything running and i think
i've got all the links and everything set up for the existing order page so
yeah so far so yeah okay yeah so what i would do i would set we'll set this one up for infusion
soft we'll test it and then when you decide you want to make it live basically just swap the
swap the urls so that this yeah okay forward slash what do i do now this is just go to just go to
products uh oh did we not add infusion soft no that's not what you want oh okay maybe you
didn't finish setting up the payment integration i go here settings or you can do you click that
add payment integration button it should take you right there
it looks like you didn't finish setting that up
turn your screen off for a minute
oh i thought i um so do i need to put my api in here again yeah yeah but turn your screen share
off for a minute while you do that okay
i'll get a second
i'll turn it back on
so do that that looks like that that's all been uh
so i just select infusion soft yep
and then just go down one time so so again you know because if you want the one time price which
is the the price we just set or like i said if we were price testing you would select subscription
here uh and then and then so yeah so can i ask you a question so if um at the moment if uh any any
purchases now we've connected the old api or the old uh you know version one of infusion soft with
click funnels any any sales and any any um transactions will automatically save the contact
details in infusion soft now yeah the entire order is going to show up inside of it well hold on hold on
let me be clear if you if you had any if you have any other funnels did you have other order pages
that were connected to version two or no
no there's i think uh in other funnels but not this not in this particular funnel this is that
no no but i mean there were other other funnels that were connected to version two for checkout
not for checkout no no no no i've only used i've only used stripe there hasn't been
um i haven't yeah for payment i haven't connected infusion soft with anything before
yeah gotcha yeah so no this is going to send the entire order information into infusion so amazing
amazing amazing amazing because the whole order will show up yep and the contact everything everything
amazing very exciting that hasn't happened before so it's quite new
uh and so in there just put in the name as you want it to appear on the click funnels receipt
uh will will the client see this or is this just for us they will see it on their receipt page yes
so it's whatever whatever you want it to appear on as on their receipt page
so you know what an infusion it's it'll be whatever you named the product so i'll just put photon infusion cozy
okay easy uh and then bright and and just be clear again the price that you put in here
is mostly a display price meaning it's going to charge whatever is set in infusion regardless of what
you put in here i understand so yeah i get it
and in fact in a minute we'll be able to when we test this we can we can go change the price in
infusion to two dollars and 97 cents for a minute yes i need to put this in the origin address and
don't need don't need it really literally don't need anything else on this page other than selecting
which product it well two two choices so scroll up scroll up a little bit
uh above the promo codes scroll up
right there so infusion soft product so you just want to pick it from the list
it's probably at the bottom since the one you just created
yeah quite right it's got it got it in dollars here though uh that's fine yeah i think i was just
a click funnels default thing okay so if you have infusion soft set up for for pounds right
oh yeah it has been a bit weird so it's it's it's click funnels showing it in dollars yeah yeah which
uh uh and then so the the only other option here so pretty much you're done now you have this option
here to delete declined invoices basically what that means is if somebody tries to purchase and their
card is declined um if you don't check that box then that invoice will show up inside of infusion
as an outstanding balance okay and it'll keep trying to build their card every couple days
depending on what your settings are so yeah it's up to you yeah i mean it's up to you like we
personally send them over because our support team deals with those every day and tries to tries to
collect on them so but um you would still see the failed orders inside of click funnels so there's
no need to send them over at this point for now so should i leave that check yeah you can leave it
checked for now uh yeah and then just hit save and close like you're you're done you don't have to go
to any of the other tabs uh it doesn't look like it's carried over the uh do i add this to funnel
click yeah add it to the funnel yeah and then actually we got to change the url to go to the
thank you page since it's not in the flow right now uh so go to go to your thank you page for a minute
and grab that url
yeah and then go back to the order form
no the new order form oh the new one yeah
and just click edit page
go under settings
general
bottom
and where it says on submit go to paste the url
perfect
that's it
so it's safe
curious what that
so on this page typically you would put it the order the order uh the order summary widget on this
page so that they can see what they got and you tell them to print it out because that's that's
typically better than sending order receipts through infusion soft uh so order receipts in
through infusion soft is an all or nothing proposition either you turn it on for everybody
or or nobody and
it also then sends out uh receipts for subscription payments all the time as well which
you typically no it's a bit it's uh
i thought this this normally should take them to a tote where just so thank you for your order and
shows you a a total is that i should do that no
so so that is that is the right page and it's the right page don't click that x
um so it's a thank you yes the thank you page
is the right page and it's the right page type you just don't have that order summary widget on there
so you can put it on there if you want yeah i'll get a page
so should i just have that not have any of that other stuff none of this i mean you can have the
other stuff you can just put it in between there uh or or this top or you know you can move it
around but okay just add it to the page so click on uh
click on the element click on the image or hover over the image grab the add new element and scroll down
oh it's because uh sorry you have this page set up as a thank you page not an order confirmation page
that's why okay so what should i do add an order confirmation page correct yep
yeah it's a it's a silly thing i don't know why they why they make it where you only have only
certain page types have certain widgets but so it is
so what should i put in here just yeah just call it order confirmation
okay and i would just name it confirmation for the path
lowercase always lowercase yeah
and then uh go under sales order confirmation
pick pick any that whichever one's going to be easiest for you to customize that kind of probably
that one that middle one yeah i'll just put out a normal logo on it that's all that's easy
is the widget already on there or do i need to do that yeah the widget's already on there okay
so i should move should i move that page up to yeah you should move that up to where the the thank
you pages now move the thank you page out of the way um should i move should i get rid of that
entirely the thank you page or i mean i mean if you want i mean just move it out of the way for now
you can grab a copy for from it later or something if you want um and it won't go automatically onto
the other order form that we've set up will it so the the order form above it will automatically
flow to it but the one below it because it's not in order you have to tell it to go there by putting
in the url to it okay so that's not gonna it's not gonna flow there automatically to that all right
so we got to go in there and change where you just put in that url we're just going to change it
to confirmation now in which one in order no in the the one in the bottom the one you're in
what's it okay nope
okay but by default in click funnels everything kind of flows linearly downwards right so okay
the natural next step from this page is to the order confirmation page but the other order form
that you just built yeah because there's nothing after it it'll actually throw an error so we need
to tell it to hey when this page is submitted go to the order confirmation page it's two steps above me
which one for this one that one yeah
so where do i go just click edit edit edit page
settings
i've got the settings
general
oh maybe we didn't save it last time all right so yeah just paste in my yeah so thank you we want
you want you want the order confirmation yeah but all you gotta do all you gotta do is change the
thank you no paste it in just think change thank you to confirmation
so it's the same
so it's confirmation
yep
yep
uh you gotta type
yeah
yeah
okay
perfect
and then yep and just hit save
all right now we're ready to test this bad boy
too bad i mean as i said i'm you know taking me through it and really it's really helpful
uh yeah all right so start with the the first page
yeah the opt-in
yep
and so copy that url and just put it in the chat for me and i'm gonna i'm gonna format it with the
oh it's just red or it's yeah just pop it in the chat and then i'll put in some utms here for us to test
so we're gonna go with utm source equals test
source
so that's that's technically what the
that's what the url would look like um
so what am i looking at here i haven't
oh it's in the chat
okay
so that's that's the structure of it obviously those values are just all test values but you know when
you're when you're creating the ad campaign in facebook or whatever this is essentially what the url
would look like except you would say
instead of test source you would say facebook instead of medium you'd say i mean test medium
where and how would i uh change the utm uh tagging where you know where i put in facebook or wherever
it's come from where how would how do i do that like literally literally just change the text in the
url so i see so i literally just take that code and put in what what would it what would i put source
facebook for example yeah so it would basically look like so for facebook it would potentially look like
this uh facebook and media ppc and utm campaign equals
campaign name and utm term equals audience
so literally i just and where did you pull out the um that url from
so i just i literally just typed it in
like i mean what generated that there's there's so okay
there there's there's nothing that generates this there's nothing it's the same as you just typing in
your browser google.com oh i see so because of what we did with the tracker that now is what comes out
with the url is that right so that page so here's here's what you gotta understand these are this is
nothing but but stuff added to the end of the url right there is there is nothing special about this
whatsoever and and and all they are are name and value pairs right so yeah so this is saying that
i want you to create uh for the variable utm source i want you to assign the value facebook
for the value for the variable utm medium i want you to assign the value ppc
and and so the the pay the eye tracker code is looking to see hey look in the url when this page
loads so so like right now eye tracker just looked at this page it looked up in the url it doesn't see
any utm values so it doesn't do anything if those utm values are present in the url
then it automatically grabs the values that you specified and it adds them to the form
and then when that form is submitted those values will get stored in those fields in the contact
record like that's literally all that's happening here and and so the values are whatever is going
to make sense to you there is no rhyme or the only thing that matters is the naming the name of the
things like utm underscore source always needs to be utm underscore source all lowercase utm
underscore medium like you know those things are always specific like that so that the script knows
what it's looking for where do i actually uh listen i i understand i think i understand that but where
so where do i find that actual you know the link you just don't find it you create it right so
so click on your browser after the c yeah and put a question mark okay and type utm underscore source
oh i see okay
i see so literally i have to just add that in i type that in is that right yeah you're literally
literally just typing it in okay got it i didn't realize i thought it was generated somewhere
nope okay uh so in this case for for simplicity just click on the link that i put in the chat
either either one of them doesn't matter
i got it okay so this is just the format and i enter and then what do i do with that once i've
written that link in the way that we want to highlight that it's facebook and it's paid or
whatever it is um then then what then what do we do with that that inside your facebook ad where you
put the the landing page url to for the ad to go to you just paste in that link with all that
information okay and the and the and so where does eye tracker come in so eye tracker is just kind
of working in the background silently listening and checking the urls to see if that information
is there and if it's and if it's there it automatically takes that information from the url
and puts it into those hidden form fields so that when that shows up in infusionsoft so that when the
form is submitted that information gets sent to you and you'll see it in a minute right so
okay click on one of the urls i sent you in the chat okay
um should i just enter into the browser okay copy paste on it or click on it either either one
doesn't seem to be for some reason doesn't seem to be doing oh here we go okay
yeah okay
i can't i don't know if it opened in a different browser or whatever but i can't see you see can you
see the page or what are you what are you seeing right now i was i was seeing the page where you
were starting to type in the url but i didn't see it opened a new page or whatever
yeah it's it's it's i'm not sure why people get baffled by utms like like they're and it's you know
it's everybody like i've just people just fundamentally don't but they're to some degree
there's the simplest thing in the world and yet so so all i'm actually doing is adding the utm
to the to the url and you're saying then i then put that interface into the facebook for the url
yeah yep and then uh you're saying that that information um is going to show up
yeah so so go ahead so go ahead and opt in on this page and ideally with an email that you haven't used
before but it doesn't really matter okay well uh i can i can put in uh let's say sales
okay okay and i just opt in
spam protected
i haven't seen that happen that's that's not happened before um would that be because we
didn't have the capture enabled or no the capture should be or maybe we enabled it by accident go
go back to infusion
okay
i can't see what would you go into the campaign i i can't i'm still seeing the form
okay hold on
so should i go back into the
back into the campaign
okay
Okay, where do you want to go setting for code or you know it's like I'm just trying
from my answer. Is it the same thing happening to you or is it just me? Well, hang on a second. I'm trying to take a look here.

Sorry. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Interesting. All right.

Go to settings. Don't use. That's correct. Don't use reCAPTCHA. Back out for a minute.

Yeah, back out. Back to the campaign. You can't see this, but I'm seeing it in the form code. So like where the light click on double click on the name of the form. What here?

Yeah. Yeah. And just delete the line break between. Go all the way back to the delete the space for a minute and then add it back in. It's adding some funky characters.

I don't know if that's triggering it or not. You can add the space back in now, but the line break was definitely causing some funky characters. So. I don't know if they wanted to like that. Okay.

Yeah. No. It does. It's really the kind of did it automatically. Hang on.

So if I, as soon as I kick out here, it seems to. Good. Click out of it. Okay. No, it's still added.

Is that okay or not? I think you just added line breaks afterwards. Just double click on it. No. Are you seeing it on your screen?

Can you see it? Well, I mean, I won't be able to see it till I see the code in a minute. All right. So just go ahead and publish it. I guess it's fine.

We'll, we'll see it in a minute if it's there. So that was causing a problem. The fact that I, I don't know. It was certainly putting weird characters in the form code that might have been construed
as spam. I don't know.

I haven't seen that spam message before. So that's very weird. All right. So double click on the form again. Yeah.

And grab the code. HTML code. Go scroll over a little bit before you scroll over. Yeah. I want to see that submitted.

All right. Great. All right. That looks better. All right.

So copy. Okay. Back in there. Just do it on the first page for now. So we get it working.

You can fix it on the site. And should I just delete all of this? Yep. Just delete it. And this time, instead of deleting the JavaScripts, just copy that, just cut them out of there,
but copy it.

So we're going to paste them into the, we're going to leave them on the page. We're just going to put them in a different place. Just in case that's causing it as well. So what do you want me to do? Take this out.

It's got those control X. Yeah. All right. So parse and save the web form. Scroll down fields.

And then, okay. Now click out of there and then go to settings. Yeah. Tracking code. Yeah.

Just go to footer code. Yeah. Just paste those in there. Yeah. Okay.

And then hit save again. I've done that before. Interesting. Yeah. I mean, usually I, usually I put those things.

Well, first of all, usually I use tag manager, which includes those scripts by default on all
pages. Um, so you can, you can put that, you can put those in the funnel settings, uh, tracking
code just once as well. And then it's on all pages. They're never different for a specific form. They're always the same.

Okay. Do I have to do it for each page? Uh, right now you only need it where there's an opt in. Right. So for, so for right now you're fine.

But yeah, when you do the other sweat test variation, you'll do the same. Just do the same thing. Okay. Um, all right. And then, so now it'll take a minute.

Let's click on preview. Oh, well, that's not going to work. No. Hey, don't click. Just give it a minute to update the page and then click on the link I sent you.

Click on the other one. Click on the Facebook one, just in case maybe it didn't like those test parameters either. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Hang on. Oops. You want to be the Facebook one, right? Here we go. And when I'm, when I'm writing out this, this UTM tag.

Am I, which when I'm putting in, you know, if it's Facebook or it, so all the things stay
the same, for example, campaign, medium source. I just, when it says equals, that's when I literally insert whatever my reference is. Right. So, so that's very cool. If it was YouTube, you change Facebook to YouTube, the medium would pretty much stay
the same if it's a, a page.

So, so sources is where's the traffic coming from? Facebook, TikTok, AdWords. You know, Google, whatever. Right. That's your source.

Medium is, is it a pay-per-click campaign? Is it an email campaign? Is it a postcard campaign? Is it a radio ad campaign? Like what, what's, what's the medium that delivered the traffic campaign campaign is what,
what is the name of the campaign?

Uh, so that you can find it later and, and line up the sales to the campaign. In terms, in terms of when I put the text in there. So for example, the name of it, so when it's got campaign hyphen, I put the name in
photon infusion. Can you have anything in between it? Or does it just need to be all one word or lowercase?

Just hyphenate. Definitely. Everything's always all lowercase. And then just hyphenate for spaces. Okay.

Um, and then. So, so the, so the format of adding the UTM, is there always a question mark and then UTM
and the rest of it? Correct. Yeah. There's always one question mark to start and then just ampersands in between each of
the, the name value pairs.

And, uh, so what is iTrack actually? What, what's iTrack doing in this, in all of this? So again, all, all iTracker is doing is adding a piece of JavaScript to your site. And all that JavaScript is doing is literally looking in the URL, seeing if those values are
present. If it does, it parses the values out of the URL and puts them into the hidden form fields.

Got it. So, so it's, so it's actually enabling, enabling the data to be transmitted to Infusionsoft. Correct. Got it. Yeah.

And it, it'll do a couple other things too. Like iTracker will then also start creating tags for, for each, uh, source, right? So you'll, you'll see in a minute, once the lead is created, that it'll tag it as iTracker,
GA source, Facebook. And, and so you'll be able to run a report by tags as well, right? So you can either search for custom field values, or you could search for anybody that
has the tag for Facebook.

The, the, the analytics is a whole nother world. Yeah. Yeah. But at least now you'll be able to, when you run a sales, and I'll show you how to
set up a sales report in a minute. So you can see it.

Uh, you'll be able to run a sales report and easily see for each order. Where did it come from? So now, thanks to the way you've set up, um, ClickFunnels, the way we've connected, uh,
Infusionsoft to ClickFunnels, any orders now will populate in Infusionsoft. Infusionsoft. Yeah.

Once you switch it to go to that new order form. Yes. Are we, I mean, are we good to go to use that? Well, no, we're going to tell, we're going to test it out. So your screen's all jacked up.

I don't know. It's all huge. So what, what are you seeing? Do you want, when we stop sharing? What, what, uh, I mean, I, I, it's like, it's like you zoomed in a thousand percent or
something.

I don't know. I'm seeing it. It's normal. Should I stop it and re-share? Yeah.

Stop it and re-share for a minute. That's strange. Hopefully it doesn't, it looks a little bit calmer now. Yeah. That's better.

All right. Great. Uh, so campaign. All right. Well, great.

Whatever's in there. All right. So yeah. Try opting in again. Oh, I just need to go to, um,
I just take that, uh, hang on.

Oh, hold on. You're on the right page. Should I do it? Should I do it in infusionsoft? No, no, no, no.

Just from this page opt in. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now it doesn't, the pop-up doesn't seem to be working.

It was pop-up somewhere. Not, not on my screen. Uh, it says open, but the open pop-up is coming up on the URL, but it's not, uh, oh, yeah. It's not working for me either. Hang on a second.

Let me see if it's closing now. What the hell is that about? Who's... Who's... ...

what you couldn't go over there. Let's go down around there. That's really weird. Go to... Oh, I see why.

I'll go back into the page for a minute. Okay. Click funnels. Your screen's not updating for me for whatever reason. Go to settings.

Tracking code. Footer. And take out the third line. What happens if we didn't put that in, that script there? That particular one doesn't matter.

It's already on the page. And that's jQuery, which is kind of a universal helper script for pages that is pretty much already on the page in most cases. And I think it was trying to load a different version of it, which was screwing things up. Okay. But let's just see.

So close that. Hit save. Click preview. Let's see if the pop-up works now. Nope.

Don't. Just click preview. Previews. Instant. And just see if the pop-up loads.

Yeah. Okay. Good. So now you can close that. Give it a minute to update and then load it with the UTMs.

Okay. Okay. So what do you want me to do now, Teddy? Can you see this? I see you, not your screen.

Okay. I'm back in ClickFunnels. Yeah. It just worked for me. So we should be good here.

So in fact, you can just go into it. So I just submitted it, right? So with the UTMs. So we can even go into Infusion if you want. Okay.

There goes your screen all super zoomed in again. I don't know. It's very strange what's going on. Hang on, hold on. Can you see which, what are you, what screen are you seeing?

I mean, I see the ClickFunnels. I'm looking at the ClickFunnels. There we go. That's normal now. Again, whatever you just did.

Okay. Yeah. So click on the Infusionsoft tab. Next tab over and exit out of here. And then just where it says find a contact in that search box.

Just type TeddyG2453 at gmail.com. There you go. And then open up that record. And go to custom fields. Scroll down.

All right. So see, all the values that were in the UTM have now been captured or stored in these
fields. And then, and so if you're running an orders report, so we'll place an order in a minute
to test that. But then, you know, you're able to add fields, add which fields display on any report. You'd be able to add those fields to display to the orders report, and then be able to
sort and filter by them, et cetera.

And in addition, so go, go to ClickFunnels for a minute. So click on stats for a minute. Scroll down. All right. And so see how it shows that you've had four opt-ins today.

Yeah. All right. So click on the filters button where the dates are. And now where it says UTM source, type in Facebook. Very cool.

Okay. Hit filter. You just see my, my, my one opt-in. Okay. Yeah.

So, so already like just had, and that happens. That's not eye tracker. That's not infusion. That's just having the UTMs and the URLs. We'll, we'll, we'll do that.

Right. Um, but then this. So if I, if I save that URL, if I copy that text, that that's basically what I start putting
on in Facebook, uh, the, you know, on all of the URLs. And that would be, you know, the only thing you would need to change would be the campaign
and the term. So the campaign, again, is the name of the campaign in Facebook.

If you have multiple campaigns and the term would be if you're targeting different audiences,
uh, or you want to see which particular ad creative is, is working differently. You put something in there. So all those eye tracker hidden fields, they're universal for each form. I just add those in and that's it. Correct.

Yep. Okay. All right. So let, now let's just do the final piece. Let's place a test order.

So go, go and infusion and maybe change the price to like 297 for a minute. Just so, you know, doing a $300 charge, you're going to avoid it in a minute anyways,
but the way stripe works, it charges you the. Well, can we do, can we use test strap or not? What's that? Uh, no, you want to run a real order.

I mean, you can just make it a dollar. Just change the price to a dollar for a minute. Okay. So I'll just, uh, change the product to a price to a dollar. Yep.

One pound. Okay. Okay. So, uh, and just to run full circle, right? Just since, since you're buying it.

So, so click on the link with the UTMs, go ahead and opt in and then go to that order form and place an order. Which, uh, which link? The Facebook? Yeah. Yeah.

Either one's fine. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Does it keep opening another browser when you click the links and zoom or something?

Uh, yeah. Yeah. Well, when I, yeah, when I click, um, I'll do, I'll just use this one again. Okay. It doesn't matter if I use the same.

It'll show up. Same email. No problem. Mm-hmm. Yeah.

Yeah. I just can't see what, I can't see what you're doing. Hold on. Can you see now? Yep.

So can you, is it okay if I use the same email that I use? Yep. That's fine. The order form though. I can't order it.

It takes 20 minutes. 17 minutes of that before the, uh, so should I just go to the order page directly or you
want? Yeah. Yeah. Cause this, this one's not going to link to the right order page anyways.

So yeah, just grab the URL out of click funnels and then type it in directly. So we're going to, is it the new order form? Yep. That one. That's good.

So is this going to show up in all the analytics, all this activity? Yep. Yep. Yeah. Yep.

That's good. Yeah. So just click on the, open that page up. And then you can go ahead and stop sharing fill in all your, I don't want everybody to
see all your information, but just go ahead and place the, place the order and let me know
and so what i just put in my credit card and actually for a pound or whatever yep place a
real order actually you know what i want to do i want to do one more thing before you
you can fill out the form but don't submit it go open another tab within fusion soft again
okay
okay just want to finish this off for you so go back to the campaign for a minute
all right so drag uh drag from the left hand side there was his goals the the end is the second row
on the end it says product purchased yeah yeah drag that out double click it
okay and uh it says select purchase type
type some other yeah i don't know what the hell you get the shortcut menu anyways just select product
ignore that other menu product and then select the product start typing the name of it whatever it was
it was cozy
there we go
and uh yep and that's fine and then hit save
okay
do i connect that to something yeah yeah connect connect the sequence before it to do that
and then drag another sequence out after it
and connect that and in that sequence just like apply create apply tag you know
okay
okay double click it
just call it you know cozy photon infusion offer dash purchased or whatever whatever makes sense to
you in terms of can i do that uh do i have to find an existing or is it great you can create one on
the fly
so should i put it down as a test or not all right i would make the i would make the real tag for it
uh
Oh, I like Category. Let's see.

Great. And then just publish that. Now, just so you know, from a structure standpoint, like typically I have two campaigns, right? So I'll have this campaign, which is designed basically to convert an opt-in into a buyer. And then I'll have another campaign that starts with that same product purchase goal.

And that's the campaign that delivers whatever they're supposed to get afterwards. Like so after they've purchased this post purchase campaign. Yeah. I mean, you don't have to. But I mean, if that product is going to be potentially promoted through different campaigns and different offers, it's easier to just handle all the fulfillment through one campaign.

And then just track which which offer, which campaign sold it with a tag. We're doing here. All right. So now submit the order form. And then that should that should trigger everything.

Hundred percent tracked. Okay. Okay. Hold on. I'll just, uh.

Okay. Hold on. Thank you. Thank you. Okay.

And you say, I actually buy it. Yeah. Turn your screen share off, though. So normally when you test, would you always test a live purchase rather than just use the test mode? Yeah, I always test with a live purchase at the full amount.

And then I just void the, I typically just void the transaction. But since you're using Stripe, Stripe doesn't have a void. Stripe actually processes the charge and then you have to process a refund. So you pay the percentage in both directions. So the best way to do it is what we're doing here.

We just drop the price down to a buck and test it and change the price back. And I presume, do I bother refunding or not? It's your dollar. No, no, no. I mean, it doesn't matter to me.

I'm just sorry. I mean, yeah. Technically, it's cheaper not to. And it's just going back to you anyway. So I'm paying myself a pound.

Okay. It's got the price in at $297. That's weird. Again, because the price you set in ClickFunnels is what's going to display on the ClickFunnels page. Regardless of what the price is in infusion, but what is actually going to be charged is the price that's set in infusion.

Okay. Let's see. Maybe I'm buying myself one of these good, wonderful products. Worst ways I can refund it. Okay.

Yeah. Oh, it looks like a penny, not a pound. Or is that a test and then it'll do the pound? No, if you said it to me. I've done the pound.

It tested with a penny and then did the pound. But yeah, that's all gone through. All right. So now go into infusion under that email address. Okay.

Just every minute I'll share it. I'll reshare again. Okay. Okay. Do you know, we've never really done any tracking, Teddy?

Not alone. Sorry? I said, you're not alone. Don't worry. Yeah.

Well, it's, it's, it's, it's really, really, it's amazing to, to be able to start this journey. Fantastic. And going to custom fields again, same thing. Yeah. The same thing.

Just check to make sure that they were applied. There it is. All right. Now scroll up and go to tags as your product purchase tag. There's, there's, there's a, there's a setting we will, we'll need to turn on an eye tracker
if you want it to apply tags as well, but scroll down also on this page, go to the orders tab
at the bottom section.

Oh, wow. This is unbelievable. Okay. And then click on. Does it have all my, will it have all my details, address details in it?

Click where it says API order. Wow. Wow. They're game changing. You cannot imagine what we've been doing.

So we've been in the stone ages. Uh, and then, so the final piece will be, let's just go, go, um, go under the dots next to
the logo. And then go under e-commerce reports. Go to the all sales report. And then click on columns at the end there.

Scroll down. And then click out of field. Sorry, click what? At a field. It's like GA.

Let's just do, you know, you can just, I would just do sourcing campaign probably. So there's a GA source and then another field, GA campaign search. Oh, actually don't go and go back and set like a date range for today. So under search, set to today, use the date interval. And so now you'll see your order.

And if you scroll over, you'll see where it came from. I scroll over to the end and see where it says test source. Yeah. Okay. Amazing.

Can we use that? Can I, can I go live with that? Uh, yeah, yeah, it's working. So you just want to change the price back and then, uh, and then we'll just need to flip
the, flip the, move it in the funnel and change the URL to it. I'm going to have to go over this again.

It's a lot, it's, it's a lot to digest. Yeah. But that's okay. That's good. Uh, so yeah.

So let's just go and click funnels. Okay. Uh, go steps. Uh, all right. So you just want to, uh, move that one up.

Should I rename it? Yeah. We'll rename it in a minute. Yeah. We'll move the other one down.

And then go to the VSL page. I assume the VSL page was just set to go to the next step. I'm just going to verify that. Okay. Uh, so it looks like it's the one on the right.

It's getting all the traffic. Yeah. We want to hit edit. Yep. Just go down to the button.

Go to the next page and funnel. Perfect. Okay. Don't change anything there. So back out.

And then let's just clean up the URL. So go, go to the old one, which is now at the bottom of the list. Yeah. Change. Go to click on publishing.

Uh, hold on. Just ring where it says path. Just make it. Well, both funnel step name and path change it to order dash stripe. Order dash stripe.

Just so you know, it's the stripe version. As opposed to infusion soft. Yeah. And then same thing. Just change that to order dash stripe.

No space. Okay. And lowercase. And lowercase. Yeah.

You getting it. Eventually. I mean, the name doesn't matter. The funnel step name doesn't matter. It's just only in URLs.

You don't want different cases. Okay. So update funnel step. And, um, if we've got that at the very bottom, after the confirmation,
will it run over back to that page or not? No, I mean, right now it's just out of the way.

Nothing's, nothing's. Uh, but click on the little gear icon and change it there too. Just change it to order dash stripe dash C. Well, I mean that, that part doesn't matter typically, but the path. Change it.

That's okay. That's easy. And the same thing here, right? Yeah. Great.

Update. And then go to the new order form and rename that URL to order just to make it cleaner. No, not the confirmation. I mean, oh, that one should be fixed. That one needs to be fixed too at some point.

Yeah. I need to change the. So same thing. Just order. Uh, yeah, this one, I would just put it, put it, what it was before.

So just this one, you can just make the path order. Okay. And get rid of all those letters. Can I do that? Yep.

Just order. Okay. Yep. Great. Update.

And the same thing at the gear icon. Yep. Order-C on the gear icon. So just order-C. Yep.

Okay. And here, path, same thing. Yep. Order-C. Yep.

Boom. All right. You are pretty much locked and loaded. The only other thing left to do would be to change the URL in the ad. In where?

In your ad. So you got to update the ad to add the UTMs to the URL. Oh, got it. Okay. So literally, do I create what?

Hold on. So if I copy these and keep a, this is giving me a. Yeah. Yeah. Keep that as a reference framework.

So this is basically my tracking infrastructure, for want of a better phrase. So what could I put in there? UTM source. What would I put? ClickFunnels or Facebook for the ad book, right?

Yeah. Source is going to be Facebook. The medium is going to. So that part's never going to really, all you're going to need to change. If you copied the Facebook one is just the campaign name and the audience name.

And the medium, what would I put in for that? The medium is always going to be PPC. It's pay-per-click. Yeah. And campaign.

Whatever the name of the campaign is in Facebook. So I just use it. Photon infusion or is that too long? Or photon. I mean, if you, if you only, if you're only running one campaign infusion, then I mean,
in Facebook, then again, whatever, just make it match.

Like the name of the campaign is in Facebook, whatever the name of the audience is. Photon. And I can use hyphens or I use the underscore. Correct. I'll just say photon MVF.

That's what it is at the moment. Okay. So can you see that, by the way, or not? You're not seeing that? Hang on.

Just so we can, so I've just, I've put it in, uh,
ETM. So this one, of course, yeah. Campaign photon MVF and TM term equals audience name. Yeah. So, I mean, again, audience name is like, are you targeting a certain audience?

So, so, so we have got, um, we have got different audiences. So would I need a tag on a different, or basically a different URL? And actually, um,
Yeah. So, I mean, if you have different audiences and different ad sets, uh, or, you know,
different ad groups or ads or whatever, then, you know, the core of the URL stays all the
same. It's just.

The audience changes. Yeah. Wow. This is really granular. I mean, it's, it's pretty amazing.

Yeah. Well, I mean, that way you'll be able to know exactly what's, what's working properly. So, so, so where does the, uh, for example, something like Improvedly, where, where does
that come in? If I mean, cause this, this seems to be doing everything. Is there more, I mean, this seems to be doing everything that we need in terms of we know exactly
who's come from where.

Yeah. Yeah. So the fundamental difference is, um, you saw when we went into the ClickFunnels stats
where you had to know what you were searching for, meaning you, you had to know that you
had named the UTM source Facebook, um, and same thing with any, the other variables. Improvedly would show you a report where it shows you, it breaks it down by all those things
that it captured without you having to know what they were. Right.

So you'd be able to see all your audiences. And that's the other thing in, in ClickFunnels, you can only see kind of one at a time. Improvedly, you could see all of the audience names, uh, in one shot kind of thing. So, so, um, so you think it's worthwhile, you think Improvedly would be okay to start with? Uh, I mean, I, I think you just made leaps and bounds from where you were.

So I would say just go with this for now and see what, if you, if you feel like it's still
a pain in the ass to figure out what exactly, which audiences are working or whatever, then
you could pull the trigger out Improvedly. But I think this will, you know, your, your funnel is so simple right now. You're not running 50 different ad campaigns or, you know, right. You got a couple of campaigns for the moment. Yeah.

Yeah. Fantastic. Okay. Thank you very much. Amazing.

Awesome, buddy. Wow. That's all I can say. Thank you very much. It's really, man.

It's, uh, you got your money's worth this month for sure. Well, that's really amazing. Thank you very much. And, um, maybe you can next time I check in, if, if you can, uh, help me, give me some
guidance. Yeah.

If you gather, gather some data over the next week. And then when you come back on, we can, we can look at it and help analyze it. Um, but yeah, that'll, that'll get you a big way there. Thank you, Teddy. Amazing.

Thanks for the, thanks for the time. Alrighty. Talk to you later. Have a great weekend. Bye.

Bye.
