---
title: "Tech 2021-10-20 22:00:32"
date: 2021-10-20
duration: 50m
duration_seconds: 3024
vimeo_id: 637261120
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-10-20 22:00:32

**Date:** 2021-10-20 | **Duration:** 50m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Howdy, give me one second and I'm getting ready over here. Uh, can you hear me? Uh, yeah. How are you doing, Trevor? Uh, I'm doing, I'm doing pretty good.

How are you doing, Teddy? Not too bad. Um, okay, cool. So, um, okay, awesome. So basically my only question I have, I guess I kind of have two questions, but I would
just like to import rest of my contacts through my, um, in my infusion soft sequence.

Uh, because if you remember a couple of weeks ago, we imported like five or 10 of them just
to make sure that all my emails were shooting out. And, uh, I went through it and I think they're all shooting out. So I think they're all working and I still have that aren't in there and I just think
it'd be best to just put them all in there to get them all to go through. Gotcha. All right.

Uh, so have you imported them yet or do you still need to import them as well? No, no, no, they're imported. They're in, they're in my, um, they're in my, um, my, my contacts. I just want to import them to my campaign. I'm sure that's not too difficult.

Gotcha. All right. I just want to make sure to do it right. Yeah. All right.

So yeah, bring up, uh, bring up your screen. Yeah. Choose screen. Way too much stuff open. Crappy connection as it is.

All right. Sweet. Uh, all right. So we're putting them into that SOS sequence. Yep.

We'll in that guy right there. Okay. Uh, and so there's two, there's going to be two ways to do it. Right. So we've got that campaign trigger that SOS start.

So really all we need to do is either bring up that list of contacts and apply that tag
to them. Um, that way you'll know that they, that they were put into this campaign. Potentially. I can't remember if we were removing that tag in the sequence or not. Uh, or you can just dump them into the sequence.

So I'll show you both ways just so you know, in the future. Um, but it's pretty straightforward. Uh, now it looks like there's some changes that you made to that sequence. That haven't been published yet. That's why it's striped.

Oh, okay. I was wondering why. Yeah. I mean, I, I think I might, I wouldn't like change something small in it, but I may, maybe
I never clicked save yet, but it shouldn't be a big deal. Everything should still be working.

Yeah. I mean, I might as well just publish it just to be safe. Okay. Okay. Go inside.

Oh, publish. Okay. Yeah. I'll publish it. All right.

That's all good then. Okay. So yeah, so exit out of, uh, the campaign. Yeah. And go.

I want me to go to contacts. Yep. Yep. Contacts. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, okay. Uh, and so we're doing all 586 of those.

Uh, yeah. Um, so we, I, I just want to make sure not to put in the same people that we've been before,
but I forgot which people we put in before. I don't know if there's a way to identify that. Okay. Yeah.

So, uh, so duplicate this tab, go back to the campaign for a minute. Right. Yeah. Just go back. Open up that SOS sequence real quick.

All right. So we put a tag for the people that have been through it. So what's that tag at the end there? That last step. Unconvert, it's this.

So I sequence, no action, oh, well, so that won't tell us. All right, so close up and I'm going to show you another way just so you can learn how
to find this stuff. So close that, back out of the sequence, click over to the reporting tab and set it to, like,
whatever, last 30 days or so. Yeah. So it looks like you put 90 people through it, does that sound right?

Not a very good open rate. Well, that's the click to open rate. So the open rate, the open rate was 23%. So it's not a very good click through rate, which means potentially one could make the
emails a little bit more compelling. The open rates okay.

Okay. Just know that open rates are completely irrelevant now that Apple has. So essentially what's happening is if you send an email to anybody that's using Apple mail,
every email is going to be shown as opened. So the numbers are just kind of meaningless at this point. So, so yeah, it is going to be more about the click through rate.

So yeah. So if you only had four people click. So it's up to you. I mean, happy to walk you through putting people into it, but we may want, since you're
the only one on, if you want, we can look through the emails and see if we can make them a little
bit more compelling. Um, before you go.

Sure. Yeah. I just didn't know if I should do that with you or the copy. But, uh, the, or the copy call, but yeah, I don't mind. All right.

Yeah. Yeah. Let's go to edit and hop into them. All right. Should I just do this guy first or, and these are the ones that are, well, those weren't
those, uh, let's see the majority, the majority emails are in this sequence though.

Right. Um, here, do this, go back to, go back to reporting for a minute. Yeah. I think what we did, we put 10 people through that sequence. And then what happened was my ad started running again.

Double, double click on the SOS sequence. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that, why would 91 people do that? I don't know.

Right. So it looks like, yes, it looks like there's been at least 50 people through here and email
number one, got one click, two got zero clicks and three got zero clicks as well. So yeah. So there's definitely a conversion problem. Now you're saying you don't know where these people came from.

These weren't people you put in here manually. Um, I thought maybe I'm mistaken, but I thought that I just put 10 people in the SOS sequence. Because remember this sequence is just like, just, just for a dead list. And I've been acquiring all of these people and I haven't had, I haven't been sending them
any emails. Kind of a dead list to get them shot.

But ever since then, anybody who would opt in after you and me set this up, they would
go straight to the, the, they wouldn't go into sequence. They would go straight to the, uh, message consumption sequence. Uh, go, go back, back out of here. I don't know if that's true. Back, back out for a minute.

Maybe, maybe it isn't true. Uh, let's see. So, so, so basically, so you only have two tags is the only way to get into here, uh,
or the VSL watched tag. So where are they opting in? Where's the form that they opt into?

Oh, do you want me to show you? It's, it's this, this guy. Yeah, but I mean, how did they get from this form into infusion? Um, didn't we change it to be the actual opt-in form? Yeah, I think we changed it to, oh, I forgot.

How did we change it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, just, just edit the page. It'll, it'll tell us in a minute.

Oh, integrations. Right. Yeah. This is it. I remember.

Remember you helped me paste this code. Yeah. Okay. So the question is where, so that form must be in a different campaign. So go back to infusion.

So exit out of this campaign. Okay. I think I remember what we did here now. All right. So I think it's in the cellular.

Context. Is it in that cellular recoding VSL one? Oh, sorry. It's test. No, no.

Well, so test doesn't have the form in it though. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right.

So that's last 24 hour change of date range to like 30 days. Sweet. All right. Yeah. Okay.

So you had 89 people opt into that form. And, and then that sequence is applying the start SOS campaign tag. So that's how those people are getting into it. So they are getting that SOS sequence. Okay.

Okay. Uh, which means it's not working. So we got to fix it. Oh, okay. What's not working?

Well, I mean, they're not clicking on whatever's in there. Right. So, so we've got to figure out why. Oh, okay. Okay.

You mean when I send the email, they're not clicking the link. Correct. Okay. Well, now we got to look at the copy of those emails. Yeah.

I just wanted to, I just want to make sure we isolated where they were coming from. So at least now. Yeah. Okay. Um, yeah.

Yeah. When I, um, um, you know, I really didn't have a, any, any, um, format to copy this from,
except when I get into the, like the, whatever Todd calls it, the order, he has, uh, templates
that I, and I kind of basically copied from or modeled or whatever, but these, I didn't
really know how to, how to create those. So, uh, I just kind of saw some other emails that I could model off of. And I, so. Gotcha.

Yeah. All right. Well, let's, let's look at the SOS sequence first and go into edit mode. Yeah. Now this sequence, so this sequence, I was able to basically copy.

Like it was like, it was a template from Todd. I was able to kind of pretty much copy. Um. Right. But what I'm saying is nobody's, I mean, the open rates are, the subject lines are decent
because the open rates potentially are decent, but.

Okay. What is it? What is like a, a decent open rate? Like, like, what would you say? Like, at least, like at least.

I mean, at least 15, but like I said, it's an irrelevant number anymore. Like it's, it's a, it's a number that you can't really trust for anything anymore. So it doesn't even matter. So all that really matters is, is the click through rate at this point. Uh, and, and nobody's clicking.

So let's, let's look at the copy and see why nobody's clicking. Uh, so you got to back out and switch to edit mode. Uh. All right. So let's do this guy.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. There we go.

Um, yeah. So. Hang on up. There's my subject. I screwed up basically.

And. Uh, uh, uh, let's get out of there. Uh, let's get out of there. Uh, okay. So, all right.

So first thing then we've got to think about is, so now you have people. So first thing I've figured out is, do you, did you want people coming through this or not
that are coming through the funnel? Because first email they're getting from you after opting in is, you know, this about why
they haven't heard from you in a long time and they don't even know who you are yet. Like they just, they just opted in. Right.

So there's potentially a disconnect there. Uh, yeah, that would be incorrect. I would think that'd be a big disconnect because I don't want them clicking, opting in and then
going straight to the SOS. Again, the SOS was just like a one time thing for, for, uh, that I, that I didn't have this
set up in the first place. Gotcha.

Okay. So. So with the opt-in page, we're definitely incorrect. All right. So, so all right, we'll fix that in a minute then, but let's see.

So first of all, for me lately, what was your relationship with this list before? Like they, they were hearing from you a lot. They like, they know who you are. They're going to recognize your name or. You're muted.

Yeah. It looks like we got disconnected for a sec. Yeah. Uh, so what I was saying was, what was your relationship with this list before? Like they, they know who you are.

They, they're going to recognize your name. They're gonna. Oh, yeah. So here. Yeah.

It's real simple. Um, basically these people already opted in. Like two months ago. Okay. Or four or five months ago.

I just didn't have infusion soft set up. And so I'm like, Oh, what the hell? I'll do this sequence. This sequence makes the most sense. I haven't messaged them in a while.

So it, it wouldn't make sense if I would just automatically send them a. A, you know. Right. A follow up sequence acting like they just watched cellular. My VSL when it's been like a couple months.

So I'm like, well, this makes sense. Maybe I'll, I'll, I'll do that to reignite them, send them back to the VSL. And then if they watch it, they'll, then they'll go through the message. Okay. So.

And they have seen the VSL before or. Yes, they have. All these people have seen the VSL have watched a little bit or all of it. Okay. They've opted in.

Got it. Got it. Okay. And so now we're. All right.

So look. All right. With that context, go back to the emails. Oh, I plan to share my screen. Don't I?

Yeah. Sorry. There we go. All right. First, I may want to write.

Heard a lot from me last. It's simple. I like to email you. I got something. I'll blow you away.

It says. I'm sure. And this link I'm sending them to is sends them straight back to the VSL. Got it. So, I mean, you know, over, overall, I think it's fine.

I don't know if you need to apologize necessarily. Like chances are, they probably don't remember you, unfortunately. Yeah. I was thinking that too. Right.

So, so maybe, I mean, maybe you could take out those first three sentences and just,
just change the first sentence. Have the first sentence be like, you know, do you find yourself struggling, but just change
that to, you know, do you find, do you still find yourself struggling? I'll do that right now. You still find yourself struggling with low energy. Yeah.

So you think I should just delete? Yeah. I would probably take those three things out. I agree. Yeah.

I don't think they'd even remember me. Be honest. Well, they'll be like, what the heck? Who's this? I mean, I would personalize it to them.

Certainly. I would do. Yeah. That's the bad part is I don't have, I don't have, I'm not capturing their name, which
I'm, I need to put that up there. But when I did this, I didn't have the name.

So. Okay. Yeah. Take out that today's sentence too. Yeah.

All right. Hi. Do you still find yourself struggling with low energy and seem to burn out? Seem to burn out easily. I would change it easily.

Uh, and then instead of saying, I'm sure you have, because while we all have, like,
you don't, you never want to tell people what, what they're feeling. Right. Or, or soon that you know what they're feeling. So you still find yourself struggling with low energy and seem to burn out easily. If so, then you have to check this out.

Oh, wait a minute. Yeah. Just, yeah. I didn't. That's fine.

What about that? Hold on. Sure. Fine. That's fine.

Or just put, if so, dot, dot, dot. Yeah. Check this out. It's a brand new video training. Show you in-depth.

Cellular recoding can eliminate your chronic fatigue. I would put cellular recoding like in quotes and italics. There we go. Cellular recoding can eliminate your chronic fatigue. It's very different from what you've seen before in the past.

About. The reason I put that sentence in there was I was thinking, well, maybe they've already,
I don't know. I should probably just take. It's very different what you've seen in the past about cellular recoding boosting
energy levels. I don't know.

No. So I would just say, and it's very different from, from what you've probably heard in the
past about boosting your energy levels. So don't mention cellular recoding again. You'll see what I mean on the training. I might, might link.

You got a PS. That's fine. You don't have the link there. Enjoy Trevor. PS.

Watch this video training at no cost. It'll go a long way to helping you. Uh, so you don't want to do that. You don't want to say no cost. Cause it's kind of devalues it, which, um, and more importantly, you want to give them,
you want to give them a reason to watch it.

Um, so, uh, basically a benefit. Uh, no more urgency. Right. So, uh, yeah. Uh, so watch this video training.

Uh, I'm only going to just put, just watch this video training. Uh, I'm only going to leave it up for a few days, but, but I'm confident it'll go. Yeah, but I'm confident it'll go a long way to helping you boost your energy. Great. All right.

That's better. Cool. The other one. Hey, there. Hey there, like I said yesterday.

All right, so yeah, we take out the first paragraph. I mean, you can leave the hey there, but right here you can say hey it's hey it's Trevor. Just want to make sure you got my message yesterday. Dot dot dot. New line.

Keep this. Yeah, I can take it out. Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. Message yesterday.

It's a good brand new video. Great, I created a brand new video showing you step-by-step process. Stop feeling exhausted by using. So same thing quotes italics on the mechanism. You know, this is how to use it to boost your energy quickly.

You know, before it's now. So tomorrow I'm going to give you a way to take what I share here and get even better results. So tomorrow I'm going to give you a way to take what well so just gotta be careful like
you're not saying like, you know, you got to make it like I need you to watch this today
because what I'm going to share with you tomorrow is based on this versus that could be taken as. Hey, what I'm going to share with you tomorrow is even more important. So this is a waste of your time.

Right. So that's the only logic you gotta think so. So tomorrow. Yeah, tomorrow I'm going to share with you another powerful way. I forgot what I think.

I think the tomorrow the day three the last day I think I just take them straight to the offer. Gotcha. I think that's why I said I didn't get even better results. But I mean honestly doesn't matter. I could just make the PS some kind of urgency thing.

Yeah, I mean, I mean, again, you could be like, you know, PS, make sure you watch this today because tomorrow I've got something really special for you. Make sure you want to share because tomorrow I have something very special for you. I would just say just very something very special for you. I would just say just very something very special for you. Stay tuned.

Make sure you watch what I share here now. Be sure you watch what I share here now because tomorrow I have something very special for you. All right. That's good. I think it's good.

And then the last guy. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Oh, yeah. So this is I'm actually like, it's like the offer. I just. Right, right. Yeah.

So that's just going straight to the order form. Yeah, actually, it takes them to a, it takes them to a short form sales letter, but it's
like an offer sales letter. It's just, it's just literally kind of what I have on the BSL only on a sales letter where they can scroll and just the whole offer. Gotcha. Okay.

Okay. Yeah. Okay. So that's something amazing. I'll be able to make a crack to you forget.

Oh, it's finally ready. Uh, yeah, so I would leave this blind. Uh, I wouldn't talk about it being a program. I wouldn't let them know it's an, like, again, your goal here is to get the click, like, let them figure out when they get to the page that there's an offer. Um, and it's finally ready.

So you can, you can check it out here. It's a new and totally different way and actually boost your energy. And it is without a doubt. Uh, and it is without a doubt. Uh, the perfect.

So it's just, I would say the perfect way to eliminate. Um, do you have any testimonials? Um, no. Okay. Um,
Yeah.

My own testimonial, but that doesn't really count. No, that's fine. Uh, so maybe, I mean, this, this, this thing right here is just like, you know, kind of pack it with benefit, you know? Yeah. Yeah.

So, you know, we, one of the things Todd talks about a lot, he kind of drills into us, uh, is, is, is toning down claims, right? Like saying it's without a doubt, the perfect solution. It's not, you know, that makes sense. Yeah. Right.

Uh, so, so it's, and it's without a doubt, you know, one of the best solutions I found maybe, you know, or something like that. Well, maybe I could just say, you know, maybe. Oh, you could just say it's an, it is without a doubt. The ideal, right. So instead of perfect, it's ideal.

Right. Right. Just soften that word. Now, you know,
I wouldn't say probably, uh, I wouldn't say probably, I would say, without a doubt, it's, it's the, I, it's the ideal solution. I would just say it's the ideal solution.

Perfect. There you go. Uh, so just, uh, eliminates burnout,
it's exhaustion and stress. You might want to bold eliminates burnout, prevents exhaustion and reduces stress. Yeah.

Sweet. All right. That's cool. All right. And that is the end of the sequence.

Yeah. All right. So now let's fix that tag, putting opt-ins into here because we don't want opt-ins going. So, so just disconnect that tag and put them in, connect that line to wait until video ends, I guess, the place to connect. This tag.

So the, the, the tag below this time. Nope. The campaign trigger SOS start. Okay. So just click, click on the, not click on the line.

Okay. Delete that. Just click on the, just click on the line. Click delete on your keyboard. There you go.

I know I'm trying. Let's try this again. There we go. Now, now drag. Yeah.

And connect it to wait until video ends. Okay. And so if they don't watch any of the video, then, then you got emails in that sequence. Right. And the watch zero teaser.

There's some emails in there. Um, in here. Yeah. Each of those. Oh, of course.

Yeah. There's, there's emails in each of these. Got it. Okay. Uh, all right.

And we should probably rename that tag just so it's not confusing. Whatever you'd say. Okay. Yeah. Let's just call it, uh, campaign triggers, uh, video follow-up.

And let's actually, uh,
well, we can just go rename the tag. That's fine. Uh, all right. Publish this. All right.

Now exit out of here for a minute. All right. Now exit out of here for a minute. Go, uh, under the main menu. Now go up.

Yeah. Under exit logo. Yep. Go to CRM settings. Click on tags.

Uh, let's scroll to a chain. That one says SOS campaign. Start just click on that. And just change it from SOS campaign. Start to video PSL follow-up.

Start. Start. Great. Okay. Uh,
So now we know.

Okay. And so now the easy way. So we get contact. Scroll down. What else do we have for tags?

All right. So there's the nine people that you put in there. That cold list, cold lead list 2021. Yes. Oh yeah.

I think that's the tag we used. Go back to the campaign for a minute, but I'm pretty sure that's it. Uh, general and come over to leads, cold lead list 2021. Perfect. All right.

Great. So now we know who this is. All right. So now flip over to the other tab, just your contact list. And so just edit to edit criteria columns.

Where is that? Uh, where the five buttons are middle button. Oh. Alrighty. And then just where it says tags say doesn't have any of these tags.

And type, start typing cold lead lists. Just type cold. Great. And hit okay or search. 586.

Oh, wait a minute. Now we, we got to exclude the ones that are already in there as well. So go back to edit criteria. So now cold lead list and they don't have the, uh, whatever. We just renamed that tag to, uh, um, video.

VSL. Follow in this one right here. The, the campaign trigger one. Yeah. Yeah.

VSL. Follow up. Start. Scroll up. Oh, this one.

Yeah. Okay. I should take off another 80 or so. Perfect. All right.

So that's, that's your group of leads. I haven't been through there. So now I'll just click the checkbox next to the 495 results. Okay. And so now from the actions menu, like I said, there's, there's two ways to do it.

One is to apply the tag, which is what we're going to do so that we know that they've been
through it and through it later. Um, but the other way, so just click on the actions menu for a minute. Right above that checkbox. So we're going to do apply, remove tag, but the other way to do it is if you scroll down. Scroll down that lit, no, under the actions menu.

Oh, sorry. Yeah. There's starts, there's that start, stop campaign sequence, not, not the one that says legacy,
the one that you're on. Um, so if you click that, that'll let you select, uh, whether you want to start or stop a campaign,
which campaign and which sequence within that campaign. So you could, you could technically put them directly into the SOS sequence, uh, without
applying the tag, but we're going to apply the tag just so that we can later know that
these people have already been through it, uh, which obviously just came in helpful.

Just came in handy now. Right. When we, that's the reason you want to do it that way. So scroll back up to apply, remove the tag. Um, now if we do this now, it's going to, it's going to start sending them emails now too.

So whether you want to send at this time of day or not, it's up to you, but, um,
yeah. So, all right. So then just find that, uh, the general, no, whatever, whatever that 20, the cold lead tag was
this one. That one. Yeah.

That one. Okay. And click save. And save. Yep.

And process. So that'll apply that tag, which that tag will trigger the campaign. And then I'll start going through it. Cool. All right.

That, that's it. That was pretty easy. Yeah. Yeah. That's yeah.

I mean, once, once we did all the other stuff, yeah, that was the easy part. So, yeah. And so now you're now when people opt in, they won't hit that. They won't hit that. Yeah.

They'll start right there. Correct. Okay. That's good. Good, good, good, good.

Um, yeah. So you should have seen my Facebook ads. Um, they were, I had like a cost per lead of like $2 and 50 cents, which is like crazy low. And my opt in rate is really high. It's about 35 and between 35 and 40%.

But I just, I just checked my Facebook account today, right before this call. And look what they did to me. Uh, uh, anyway, I think, but let's, so at least it's the, uh, trying to see which one,
because there's three levels, right? There's your, your ad account could get banned, your business manager account could get banned,
and you can personally get banned. Uh, so, and all it's saying there is it's noticing suspicious activity.

So you just got to really confirm your identity, which suspicious activity could be, I don't
know if you're logging in from different places or if you've got any VAs or anything that are
logging into your account from another location, like that'll trigger that kind of thing. I don't know what's suspicious. I've been doing this from the same computer, the same ad. So I don't, I don't know. But anyways, I'm not going to deal with this anymore because about four weeks ago,
I don't know if I told you, I don't think I told you, but, uh, I had to get on so-and-all
with the E5 team.

My ads got shut down. And I mean, obviously this is typical for Facebook, right? And it's like a non-functional landing page. And I went to my landing page. I didn't really make any changes.

But then when I requested review, I got back up. But now my account's restricted. The only reason I'm using Facebook is because, I don't know, I just, I used it a few years
ago. I kind of like using it and it was working really well for me. But I mean, I'll try to get this back going, but I'm going to get on YouTube.

I tried to do YouTube a couple of months, whenever it was. And I don't know, you had to like put these pixels in. I didn't know how to do that. So I'm probably just going to get on a call with you next week and help me sit on my YouTube
because I tried to do that by myself, but it wanted me to like link it to my Google
ads manager. And it was like too much for me, man.

Yeah, yeah. No, it definitely, it definitely gets a little hairy. But yeah, I would definitely try to get this resolved. And I wouldn't hesitate to, like I said, it doesn't sound, it's not like they're flagging
you for bad claims or anything like that. There's just, they're noticing some sort of questionable activity.

They just want to confirm your identity. We, we've had it happen before, but this is, this is not necessarily the end of the world. Usually you just have to like upload your, your ID or something like that to prove who
you are. So I guess it could be worse. So that's good.

Yeah. It's weird because it, it shows my personal account on my business account. Yeah. Trevor Hartman. Yeah.

I mean, so I'm, I'm personally banned from, from advertising on Facebook for, for life,
it seems under my personal account. Um, and it had nothing to do, like, I don't even run ads, right? Like I'm, I'm in there like managing pixels and stuff like that. But I had posted something on my personal timeline, like during the Trump administration,
when Congress was like about to go the debt ceiling or something like that, or, and they,
you know, they kind of went on vacation with all this crisis hanging. And I was like, do your goddamn jobs, you lazy MFers, right?

And, and Facebook, like, like you violated our code of conduct, like, really, really? But yeah, so they won't let me advertise anymore, which sucks. Cause like, I can't, I don't even associate myself with anybody's accounts. Cause I don't want any, anything to happen to their accounts. Can't you just like create a new account?

Yeah, I've got, I've, I've got other accounts created under different names. But yeah, even, even those like, you know, you gotta be very careful what you say or what,
cause they'll, they'll figure it out real quick. Especially if like, you upload a picture of yourself. Like they'll just do, you know, AI checking of, oh, that's the same person as this. And they're logging in from the same IP address.

And yeah, this is, yeah, I worked for a company before where we had to like make fake testimonials. It was, and we would like go on Yandex instead of using Gmail, Google, it was like Yandex.com. And it's like some Russian website uploaded like these fake testimonials. And, and then we had to create like a fake identity on Facebook. It was, it was a little, a little sketchy.

I mean, I mean, there's sites out there that literally sell, you know, pre-populated Facebook accounts for, for this purpose. Right. So it's already got a profile. It's been up for a while. It's got some history to it, but yeah, it sucks, but you're right.

YouTube is going to be, you know, a little bit harder to get set up, but in the long run, especially in your niche and health, right. Like the keyword based advertising is going to potentially be more effective anyways. So I'm kind of excited to use it. I'm just a little, you know, getting used to it and all that, but. There is a training, there is a training video that John, there's a good like walkthrough that John did in the portal.

I don't know how to set it all up. Yeah. I know you're talking about it. I got halfway through it and that's what I was doing. I got halfway through it.

And then he, I have to put these pixels and, or whatever it was. And I'm like, I can't do this or whatever it was. Yeah. Yeah. All good, man.

I'll be happy to help you out next week. Well, awesome. Thanks so much, Teddy. You're a big help. All right.

I'll see you later. You too. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye.
