---
title: "Tech 2022-11-04 16:02:20"
date: 2022-11-04
duration: 1h 15m
duration_seconds: 4545
vimeo_id: 767388354
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-11-04 16:02:20

**Date:** 2022-11-04 | **Duration:** 1h 15m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

if you What is up brother? Hey, how's it going? Yeah, man, how are you good? How you been? Good just putting together my new vsl.

So nice. I've been good things for this one. I think you know all this work. Everybody's been doing together. Well, look finally come to friction.

Hopefully, I have High Hopes, but you know, you never know same same big idea or holy whole different. So same big idea, but like I shortened like the the main DSL I made it tighter, you know, because sometimes I feel like the previous vsl, you know. I was rambling it just a bit, you know, so. And it was longer and like so right so I took your advice in that this time. I just got vitalytics.

Okay. So, um, it's actually very cool and I'm like, oh my God, this is like doing it. Yeah, and since like I'm gonna be spending money on traffic like I'm thinking like matters. I'll just do it anyway because it's gonna get better results. Like if I can like get people's emails and stuff like that.

So maybe I'm just trying to set up the page today and um that that's basically what what I'd like to work on would take talk thing and I started posting whatever but I haven't made the account yet. So But I started putting on social media like three times a day so nice good job getting some views on YouTube and stuff. And yeah, what's been up for you man? I've been busy. Oh, yeah.

It's been a bit of been a couple busy weeks. We had that launch last week Todd did with the swipe files. So that definitely kept kept us busy and Yeah, just juggle juggling a lot man. Trying to wrap off the end of the year of the bang. So.

It makes sense. Haven't had any time playing the learner play guitars. That's for sure. Yeah, I bet because it's busy. So because you're like you're you're basically like the CEO went on what what are you in the company?

You're you're GTO. Yeah. So all the tech stuff all the campaigns all all toddler usually like design a lot of the pages himself just you know and lay out but I'm wiring them up making sure everything works. Make sure the tracking is in place all the campaigns all like that's what takes most of the time. I feel like it takes like so long like sometimes like and I don't know maybe you have like a workflow that you work off of that is like I don't know faster and I kind of do it off the cuff and there's funny.

We were just having a having a different call. We weekly book club where I we're talking about the Enneagram and personality types and stuff like that. And like one of the key things about my personality type is that I I typically never do things the same way twice like my bill. It could be the same exact funnel. And this one one time I'll do it.

This way is some other time. I'll do it that I address people crazy because like Well, the last time I looked at it it was set up like this and now this one's different like was it different and just like I was born to do a different, you know? Let's get well, I guess it's kind of like creativity within yeah. As I mean as long as it works, you know, yeah. No it always right.

Sometimes I find a better way to do like I keep doing the same way. I'll never find a better way to do it or Worse way to do it, right? So, I don't know if I it's like split testing, right? I don't know if this is better or not. Is there cleaner easier way to do this?

That's good. All right. So, um videos for some reason doesn't work on Chrome. Um, like not not the videos the videos work on Chrome. It's just and inside.

I just need to go on Safari whenever I want to do any edits or anything like that. So, okay. But I'll do that. And so I already started setting it up, but I don't get how the email thing works like right because like you can oops So I added this is how I set it up so far with the the fast bar and you have a preference and with the fast bar or like no bar at all. Now I like the fast bar.

I mean, I mean it makes people think it's it's shorter than it really is so Okay, and then like I like to leave the speed because I know I love to speed up the videos and since like the button is gonna be connected to when when they get to to the the 16 minute mark, it doesn't matter if they watch it fast or slow again, right? I mean to yeah, so I don't know me like for example, sometimes I won't say through marketing because I'm like, yeah. No, I watch everything at Double speed as well. And if I can't like like literally if the play bars disabled on a marketing video, I will either Look for the exit pop that will take me to the sales letter version of it or or I'll try to download the video so that I can speed it up on my hands really you can actually do that download the video like sometimes depends where it's hosted. But yeah, there's a couple browser plugins that'll let you download certain videos.

That's pretty cool. So yeah, so then like I think like that be a good a good setup for bear. So they can't skip around I still don't want them to be able to skip around right? Um because we wanted all that so smart all the autoplay. I would change the text.

I would change the text color on that smart auto play though, like make it Not red on red like the text color white or something. Good. Yeah, nothing much better. Yeah, I didn't I didn't catch that for some reason so play options. I think that that's really play Gates.

I created this. And then now like if you don't if you stop it, I'll do that. But um, where does the email go? So typically it's going to go into whatever what years and what active campaign. Yeah.

Yeah, so you should be able to create an integration with active campaign. The Integrations they have it was appear. So I think like I need to go through his appear. Like I don't think they have for even for tags right here. No, this click check them out here.

You see like that's how the tags they have. So. Interesting that they had a direct one. All right, that's fine. Now we can go through zappy.

But first we should set up the tags right before we do that. Should set up the tags in active campaign. Yes. Well on How about the the video because right here for example? It says tags create a new tag, like for example, let's say when they get to.

Well, I need to enable this book. We're now so I can see where. each part right so So there's two things well. Three things, right? So first of all is like, how do I get them to just like send me the their email straight to active campaign when they exit pop right?

Because I'm going to send directly to the vsl. So there's not gonna be an opt-in beforehand. So it's like to retain like some people that might be like, oh, I don't have time now might as well just give the email and then get been sent to second thing is like we want to set up tags. So then we can do behavioral Target marketing right with the emails afterwards, right? But yeah, but if we don't have the email for most people then you wouldn't make sense actually.

I mean actually you could even use tags as like conversion events in the in the ads out and well for Google ads. You know. up here And I'm not sure why it makes what it actually does with tags. Click on it. What's that little help thing next to create new CTA or sorry under tags?

tag reviews and your CRM whether you Want to use our click on those articles? I don't know. It's not if it's going through zapier. Anyways that I don't know why. Go that last that CRM, you know platform tagging.

Uh, okay. That's it. It's not firing. right Let's go down. slow down yeah, I mean we'll have to see what the what the what does appear integration looks like because I would think that you could well, I guess that way you can set up just one integration that would you specified the tag inside of italytics and that's the tag it apply an active campaign.

All right. so, yeah, so Again, always in general like when it comes automations and stuff like you want to think backwards, right? So I would start at the Active campaign level and be like, alright. Well, what are what do I want to happen when they reach certain points in that video? Right?

And so, you know fundamentally, they're going to start playing the video. They're gonna opt in at some point that's going to create the contact. and then You know like that. The easiest thing is that they get to the offer or not, right like so if they got to the offer then it'll be it would be more of A heavy-handed conversion deadline type sequence of like you saw what I have to offer here's deal with all their objections provide proof in case studies and testimonials and give them a deadline to buy. If they didn't get to the offer, but they opted in then there would be a sequence that's getting them back to the video or sending them to the sales letter version something to get them to get to understand what the offer is or even presenting that offer through an email series whatever like you could basically take the vsl script and deliver it in chunks over, you know, five day email series or something.

So so that's that. Those are the two things you got to figure out again, I would say that's probably where you want to start with those pretty much the two inflection points. They started watching it. You know, they got a couple minutes in they opted in they were interested but they didn't make it to the offer. So we got to expose them to the offer or they did see the offer and they didn't buy now.

We've got to convince them to buy. So we'd have a message consumption. sequence and then offer sequence basically and just like keep it simple to two things because like my message is not even that long so like you I mean we could we could break it down in each part, like for example the part, you know, the you know where I introduce myself the part but that would be way too complicated. I mean like yeah, yeah for initial for initial segmentation. It's it's those two things did they see the offer or not?

They saw the offer. On the turn the screws and get in the body proof testimonials frequently asked questions objections deadline, like that's that's the core of it and the cool thing is that game with this one. I can also send them back to the page and it restarts from where the video stopped so that's also Yeah, and you may not send them back to the like if they saw the offer. There's probably not much point in sending them back to the video. I would send them probably again to like so typically what we would do is once they've seen the offer then like for E5 for instance then.

Typically, we send them to like our proof page which has all of our testimonials on the proof page. We'll send it to individual case study videos of hey, you know, this is Steve and he didn't know how to pick up a guitar and now he's playing, you know opening up for some band or whatever right? Like whatever it is, right, but those sort of hero's journey type type case studies or or things that are just like, okay this works it could work for me, too. and You know you effectively you got to get in the belief three things always right to give them by one is that there's there's something about this methodology that works that I haven't tried yet to that. I'm capable of of doing it and three that you are the right person to teach it to them.

Right. So so you prove that you're the right person and teach it to them because you've been able to help others, right and you try to find other people that might be like them or might be in their situation that have done it as well so that they have the belief in themselves and then you know, you're you're argument is basically the proof that the method that the method works, right, so Right now in the argument through three emails and things like that. So we need to invent to know like that the mechanism works. Mechanism works that you're the right person to teach you to them and that they can do it. I'm the right person.

They need to trust me, basically. Yeah, well, they need to trust you and and you need you need to show proof that you've been able to help others with this problem. Even though it's the method that solves the problem. It's like, you know, it's still still because of you that the method exists. So I again like two people to do like a video testimonial so that that's pretty good and I could just use that as like 40 offer.

So for the offer sequence, I probably could go, you know testimonial testimonial. but that's been about the email like so here's my question is because we only have like about like, you know, 40 minutes today, so Just for the launch because like we can always like do the optimization later on right? All right, just for the launch probably like I'm thinking like if I don't think we will be able to do all three things. Right like had we're gonna be on the right. We're not gonna be able to write the campaigns and and all that kind of stuff.

I mean we can certainly kind of draw them out or map them out so that you know and just put in placeholder so that you know, all right. These are the emails. I need to write at a certain point. But from there, yeah, so so let's start with just just go and active campaign. And let's just kind of create the tags and the initial stuff first.

You swiping are you swiping Charlie's stuff from Guitar master? Yeah. How's it going guys? Now? He's got a new one.

Oh, hey. Hey, how are you? Good Teddy. I I think you're just in time actually because I think based on what Michael told me you wanted to talk about. This might be the The same conversation because Christians working on the same kind of thing of like adding tags in a video at a certain point and things like that.

So I think you might question is using active campaign. I don't have these usually active campaign but it's all gonna go through zapier. So what we're gonna set up in zapier, you could actually set up with marketing OS as well. The difference is he's actually using vitalytics which is a paid video marketing platform that takes all the complexity out of Tagging in the video and and stuff like that. So I'm using Vimeo.

Is it going to be more challenging for me then or yeah, so the the issue with Vimeo it the issue of Vimeo and kind of what I told Michael is the only way to do it with Vimeo is do a bunch of like custom JavaScript stuff and Actually, I don't even know how to do it maybe I know how to do a whiskey but not only have to create some custom JavaScript on the page that would monitor where they're at in the video it then also has to call then has to make like a JavaScript API call to zapier or even the API of marketing us to apply that tag, so there's just not easy way to do it without paying for some extra tools. So the first thing you got to ask yourself is a is it worth the effort but well To you tell me like, yeah. Well, so it kind of depends like how many in your in your Vimeo analytics like are people abandoning the video early or they most of them getting to the offer part? and not buying so I have let's see here as of this morning. I mean if if you want I can show you the graph.

Yeah of what's looking at a minute. So let me just tell you kind of like what Christians doing in the conversation that we just had right the conversation. We just had was primarily. All right, so, you know, where in the video what what is the goal here? Right and so always working backwards from like what am I trying to accomplish?

And so there's there's two fundamental things like you want to know that somebody started watching the video and didn't make it to the offer. Right? And so for the people that started watching the video and didn't make it to the offer the goal is going to be to get them to understand what what it is you're offering right? And so that might be sending them back to the video to finish it that might be sending them to a sales letter version of the video so that they can read it that might be sending them the you know, the main copy of the video over a series of emails so that they consume it that way right like there's right either didn't have time or they weren't interested enough to to consume the video and Get to the offer. So we got to get them to consume the offer before we do anything else.

For everybody else that did. Get to the offer and understands what it is and what you're offering and why it works and how much it costs. Then the only thing left to do with those people is convince them to buy right and so they didn't buy for. For a variety of reasons, but what I was just telling Christian is it's either they don't believe that. That the mechanism or the method Works enough.

They don't believe that it'll work for them or that they'll do the work to make to get the result or they don't believe that you are the right person to teach it to them for right right. So you have to been basically build the case and provide all the proof. Necessary, right? So you answer their frequently asked questions about the program you provide them links to videos with a case study of somebody who went through the program and got the result you provide them some content or proof about you and why you were the right person to help others solve this problem or how you came across the method or whatever like that. A lot of the campaign argument stuff goes into into this part this type of campaign and then also fundamentally you got to put on urgency to get people to take action, right?

So you introduce a deadline or you add some special bonuses that they only get if they buy within the next 24 or 48 Hours like so just from the high level thinking of what we're trying to accomplish. Those are the two key things one. It's somebody who showed interest but didn't get the offer to understand what the offer is and get those It understand what the offer is to get past their objections and to buy. So that's where you know at a certain point in the video. So like Christians doing now he's setting up and you would set up the same thing basically a marketing class, right?

We would create a tag that's like, you know. What a video name Dash saw offer, right? That's that's how I would name the tag Christian if anything wait sit again. so whatever the name of the vsl is right or whatever name of the program is or Because you might want to track it differently for different vsls or whatever. Right?

So so name of the video - saw offer. Like that's that's the key conversion Point salt offer saw they saw the offer. Oh, so this is message. So no C offer here like or not nuts you never or yeah saw offer. Yeah, I saw the offer.

So you would have you would basically have two, you know, micro Aesthetics. They sell the offer you would have Micro Aesthetics, you know opted in or started video or whatever. micro Aesthetics well didn't see offer, right? It's not necessarily they didn't see I don't like this. They did see the offer and they didn't see the offer like because you already know right like if they opted in.

And they don't have the saw offer tag, then they didn't see the offer. It's so by default you always assume that they didn't do the next thing until they do the next thing right? So it's a opt-in and they don't have the saw offer tag. Then they didn't see that then they didn't stick around the watch the video. Okay now just one question because I'm not gonna run to an opt-in.

I'm gonna run straight to the page with the BSL. Right but you have an opt in at the start of the vsl, right? Well, I well so should I have the opt-in I just started vsl or or not. You gonna get their email? Yeah, you have to if you otherwise none of this matters.

Well, okay. So I was thinking like just having like the the opt-in if they try to exit to pause the video right and to leave. That's what I was thinking. Like for them to for you to say hey, I saw you're trying to leave give me your emails. I can send you the rest of the message.

Yeah, because like that. Yeah. That's what it does right here. Right? So if I do I mean refresh this.

so if I play this this video I'm gonna This right? So like they could play the video like, you know without without having to have 10 because this is like that that's what John and Michael recommended to just like send straight to the video. And then just have the the order form afterwards. So maybe so do we even need all these thoughts. So here's the here's the challenge, right?

So the challenge with this is that if they do see the offer. And they try to leave. And then they opt in you're not going to know that they saw the offer. Right because they already sterity past the point where that tag would have triggered and you didn't know who they were so you can't apply the tag because you don't know who they are. So it only work for people that try to leave before they see the offer and then see the offer.

so it's just a decision that you're going to have to you know, you may I just have to test it right like personally at the end of the day. I think you're crazy. If you're driving paid traffic and you're not trying to capture the lead up front like because well, hey you lose traffic. I mean I mean there's an argument for driving straight to the vsl. But that that assumes that you know that the vsl converts for the people that watch it.

right like because so if you were if you were running a campaign and you were, you know driving to an opt-in page first and let's say, you know, you're only getting a 30% opt-in rate. But of those 30% of people that opted in those that get to the those that opt in like a high percentage of our buying because the vsl works really good. Then then you would want to eliminate that barrier to consuming the vsl. Right, then you would want as many people as possible to watch the BSL without the barrier of opting in because you know the vehicle works if you don't know what that the vsl works. Then you're placing all your eggs in that basket of having the vsl.

Do all the heavy lifting. And taking the risk that you have no other way to follow up with them if it doesn't work. So that's kind of the that's the way to think about it at least right? There's no right or long answer. This is all testing and of course, but I would say yeah to some degree.

some degree, I would I would personally especially in your position where you know you This money, you know money is tight and you trying to limit your ad budget and stuff like that like you at least want to capture the leads and have a chance to solve them something at some point. hmm But if John and Paul told you different I'll defer to them. But again, I would say, you know, the vsl works. It's a tough call. Yeah, because like the reason why is because my previous vsl worked.

Okay, I guess you know like did get sales and then you know, the thing is like this one is the same kind of ESL but just shorter and more Compact and with like Three steps instead of five steps, you know, and they are we to the offer sooner and it's like more like like 47 instead of 27. What was that? What was the option rate? The opt-in was 20 or 30% you were going to 30% often. and and those people that opted in do you have an email sequence to convert them now?

I yeah. Air, well, I would just called microstatics optic but whatever you can create it later. Update right? Yeah. so now yeah, yeah think I do have some kind of automation right here.

Well, that's the training delivery. Well, then I sent a bunch of like emails just broadcast right broadcast emails, right? So I have the offering the offer thing. I already have kind of done basically, okay for emails like if I wanted to do an offer sequence and then I started this one right here and converted lead sequence. Which I will probably need to you know, I have what three emails in there.

Okay? So I'll probably just need to like re you know. and and so it in your without having the actual tracking or in like do you did you get sales when you sent emails? No, I got zero like because what happened is I started sanding the the offer emails because Paul was like, oh, I think right now you should just like send when they offer emails and that didn't didn't get any sales. So out of 200 people in the list, right?

Yeah, which is a small list but to not get even like one sale then Then that just means that they're not, you know this audience may or may not be responding to to email as well. Right so capturing. I don't know the delivery of my email is very good either because I get this thing like DeMark right right here. I I set up a d Mark or whatever because like somewhere I read that it was you need to set that up or email delivery and I get this every time and I'm wondering if that just I don't really know what this is to be honest, but I'm just wondering if it's like something telling me like, oh your email was not delivered or was delivered in the spam inbox or something could be that somebody flagged your email. Well now so I mean all demarc does is Will basically?

tell the tell the the Google's and the microsofts and those guys that are that are receiving email whether Whether it was sent from the right place, like if it wasn't sent if somebody's trying to basically spoof you or pretend it somebody else then those emails. D Mart tells him whether to accept those reject those or quarantine those so good that I have it set up. Well, yeah, but it depends how you set it up because if you set it up to like usually DeMark you don't set to to quarantine or reject right away. You got to kind of let it run for a little bit and kind of see what's going on. to determine Who is if anybody's trying to send as you and that kind of stuff?

So that may be a different call for us together. Yeah. I mean you could tell but you could probably tell more from the open rate. Right? Like if you sent 200 if there was what was the open rate on them?

Yeah, but not the open rates are great. Get almost no, right. No the corporate. Yeah. Right here.

Let's say if you reports so I mean And and Michael was telling me like the open rate is like is not accurate anymore because of mail like different like apple and whatever right? But like the Click rate, so this one was 2.2.5. And then the next one. Like the more emails I send the words it got. Which is typical this one one point and then it just goes down downward from there.

So it's like such a small amount of cakes. You know, like I'm wondering if it's even worth like just doing you know, you know working on that. Well, yeah, I mean, that's the thing right? So so based on that then I say This might be Overkill right now just because they're not really responding anyways, but then then the only two so then no tags, right. So the only thing I would like to set up is if they do pause the video then like because I'm gonna send straight to vs Ave.

They do pause the video. How do I get their email? Because I entered my email and that video and it didn't show up anywhere. You didn't show up on videoletics or anything. So right that's right.

That's where you got to set up zapier integration. So let's go to zapier. Um and the cool and then up here. and so Honda if if you decided to go with a bit of lytics, like this would be the same thing and there there is an integration for For marketing os. I'll just send you the link to it because it's actually a private private beta thing but the setup here would be very similar.

So how much does this cost? Because I'm being like 40 bucks a month right now for for Vimeo Vimeo Pro. How much is vitalytics it's seventy dollars a month Bud Vision two week trial. So I'm on the two-week trial right now. And I don't know I'm just trying to just get as much as I can because like since I'm gonna run straight to the vsl, at least if people pause the video I want I want to be able to collect emails because I'm thinking like I don't know that might be worth it and plus like there's like the auto play which might increase the click-through rate because before like my clicks, like people when I sense people to the page, most people wouldn't even click the video.

So like the way it is and then also like the video you can like if I send them back to that page where they go back to that page. It starts from the spot that they stopped which I'm thinking is a lot better because in my experience has watching marketing videos where like it's you know, there's no controls. I hate that if I leave the page and come back later it it starts over and then I come like screw this I'm not gonna watch it, you know. Yeah, so I'm thinking like I'm just trying to just really just put all the odds on my side I guess. Yep.

No. No, it's it's a powerful tool and you know, there's there's a lot of little things to it. I'm so like like the fact like the play bar right? Like it can show the play bar but people can't skip ahead and it also does this thing where it makes at the start of the video it makes it look like they're getting like they're halfway through the video like within the first couple minutes. Oh, yeah.

I've seen that. It's like the video starts and you look at it. You're like, oh this must be like a two or three minute video because I'm already like 40% of the way there and then you look at it. Again. You're like wait.

This thing hasn't moved yet that's getting longer and longer and stuff which is kind of cool. So guys I was a sorry Christian. Did you have a worry about it? So I just wanted to show it to you but go ahead. I am why didn't we start with this?

If this is a better one question number one question well to the Daily hours a month, right? So it's not depending where we're at. Like we don't I try not we're trying to recommend a lot of more expensive tools of until you actually need them. Right and so alright, okay and again, but again the same thing is gonna apply to you right like If people are already opting in and you're sending them emails and they're not necessarily converting because of the emails either. May or may not make sense.

to put the time effort and money. into building that sort of well, yeah, I have zero sales, right? So we did the first vsl. We ran about $2,000 worth of AD spend on that and got zero and then we changed the vsl again and we just got about a hundred unique viewers and it still zero and I have an email sequence but it's like a very standard sequence where like everybody gets sent to the video and it's a seven seven step seven email sequence and only on the last one does it take them to the store and that's also because the last one has a 10% off coupon in there that supposed to expire within 24 hours right aside from I mean, I don't know if you are interested in seeing like what they email say. But they all have social proof.

They will first one has my story and then the second one has, you know, one person's story and other person's story and other person's story. So they're very packed with like screenshots and like reviews and real people and all that and what I also thought was smart was to use a different review from the same person that they saw in the vsl. So that there's some continuity that oh, I remember this person this was this person was in the BSL, right? It's yes, the one thing I would say to consider is if the emails contain like a lot of content like that. I would say you should consider taking that content and pulling it out of the email and putting it on a page on the site.

Because otherwise, you don't like Christian just said like open rates are inaccurate, right? So you don't know if people are consuming that message or not. Unless they click. So you want the email that the goal of every email is to get a click? It's not to get somebody to read something typically.

Yeah, you can see. We can tell there's no time out. There's no time on page measurement for emails, right so you don't know how long somebody spend reading it or not. I mean you could hot jar it somehow but I guess not because not emails. No.

Yeah, that would be that we kill her up. Yeah. So here, can I share my screen quickly? I just want to show you my opt-in numbers I have my click-through rate is 4.71. 4.7% on the countries.

Yeah. So here's my thing. Okay, 371 in total. Yeah. three point seven one is the total open rate, right?

And then this one also got sent to 72 64 opened and 12 point. What the hell is this? Complete your hundred day hard you say? Yeah, cuz it's one email. That's why I mean that automation's off by the way.

Just yeah. Yeah. I know. I I turned it off because this automation is supposed to Be the main one. So there are elements here.

So 16% on the that's the first one of course. Yeah. Four two three two, it makes sense. Interesting. Okay.

So I mean you're getting some some decent engagement and and the click three set is to the offer basically, right? No, so I have two funnels the standard One Way ads are going and then this is the organic ones that this is my this is so all the all the links bring them to this one. And this one the difference between this one and the other one is that this one actually has the full play bar. Okay, and we want them to be able to skip to the part that they Where they left off kind of thing, right? And then the other is that of course Michael and Michael said that we don't want to contaminate the numbers of like people coming back to the page in terms of views and stuff.

So that's why it's better to keep it separate. So all these emails are doing is the first six of them are asking them to just complete the video complete the training. Right, and then the last one is what takes them to the store. So the first six, you know. show you so this one is a headed goal edit automation How do I edit my email account automation?

All right. Okay, here we go. So this is the the first one straightforward simple tiny Amen, here you go. Put this training that I click this to complete your training right this one and then we have number two. So this one is a little bit more.

detailed but there's some pulling on the strings. It's not yeah, and then there's a review like this from Frank and just complete your training complete your training, right? Then we have the next one. which is also click here to continue your hard reset training what separates successful recovery. So a little bit, you know more pulling on the strings and then more testimonials of of real people that are in the community and this is the person who's ad they click on as well.

So there's some continuity right because the ad is just two people giving their testimonials about how much their life changed and how long they've been sober and how the hard reset help them. Right? And so let me ask you this. So what would you do differently in these emails if you knew that they got to the offer in the video? If I knew that they got to the offer then I would just make it more salesy.

Okay, and and hit them with start now, you know, we have or like build some sort of urgency. We have spots filling up because my whole angle with the new campaign is that Before it was just a DIY course now. It is DIY course plus support meetings a small group coaching. Right and that's all included in the same. Well, it's actually a lesser price and they get more so there's way more value now and it's being conveyed in the vsl.

And what I would do one of the things that we used to create urgency in that BSL was that look we only have so I call it a seat. So get a seat in our Inner Circle and then you can join all of these meetings and it's all included and all that and we only have 50 seats meaning we can only help 50 people. So I would use that angle in these emails and just go a little bit harder on. Look we have well, maybe at 10 like one that says hey, we have 20 spots remaining and then two days later be like hey, yeah a couple of days ago. I told you there were 20 now.

They're only 10 got you know, just that kind of thing Perfect. All right. Yeah. So yeah, so I would say then it makes sense like because you are, you know, I haven't gotten sales right that's a different issue. But you're getting engagement.

You're obviously getting people that are interested. They're clicking. And what did you say? What did Vimeo say was the engagement on the video like how far they meow is Okay, so now here's the graph. However, there's a little interesting thing that we caught a couple of weeks ago.

Which is for some reason. the sales button I don't know if you heard about this. But on this page this button that takes them to check out it wasn't delayed. so I finally when I started seeing the hot jars, I noticed people jumping on playing the video getting into the first couple of minutes and then going back or like Exiting out of the video clicking on the button going straight to the offer and then bouncing got it. Got it.

Right. So because of that it was like I feel like all of our numbers I kind of skewed because don't really know but on the 24th, so this is how it is. So this went live on the 21st of October this this BSL the second version and then on the 24th is when we remove the play button and delayed it till the offer shows up, right? so if we look at the stats from the 24th till today. You will see a big difference.

So. See the curve right? It's a very steep in the beginning. Nice, okay it still see it's still a little bit deeper. But drop off at that.

What's Go like where that first we're flattens out a little bit and then it starts the real client right there. Yeah, what's going on there? Because there's something at the end of that little plateau. And right there. Trust me when you do it.

right That's what it is. People are digging this I guess because they're making it so you tell them they can't drink anymore like it makes sense. That's right. So here's what I think is what's happening? Okay, and this is just a hunch but I do have 15 years of sales experience because I work as a sales manager.

What's happened is this? Our audience like if I show you the ad numbers at least 80% of that is in the UK more actually 85 clicks views follow-throughs retargeting blah blah. Everything 85% is in the UK this year the UK has gone through a lot Invasion there cost of electricity going up 200% people organizing walkouts and not paying their utility bills. They're prime minister all the b******* with covid the queen dying, you know, there's a lot in that region and especially because I was there for three weeks. I saw I could feel the negativity in the air, you know, it's just harder for people to pay for something like this and maybe the audience that is looking at this just can't believe it that they can actually quit drinking because this current offer that is live here that we're putting out to a whole audience.

I have sold eight of these seven of these in the last little while but organically through my community. And the difference there is at a people know me there and be I gave everybody a trial. So I did sober October. I did the first four weeks of my three-month program basically did it live and the reason why I did is because I wanted to get a fresh recording and upload it so that I have a new recording right of the same content. But this is how I've always done it before like last October was the first time I actually had a membership and then we did it again in January.

And this is the third time where we're doing like a big round of intake and people coming in and and and you know, all of that. So I had 83 people 85 people sign up for my program for the free sober October month and October is a big month. So that's a high number from that. We got seven seven paying people paying 111 or 149 Canadian, which is one one us, which is what this this offer is so people are paying I feel like they just need more Assurance more trust or a little bit more to actually feel the difference because this kind of thing like you really have to believe that you can do it to buy an offer online, right? Whereas if somebody's there with you showing you and your interacting with other people as well, then it's a much easier decision.

Well, and that's what I'm saying earlier right like those those three core things right? You got to get them to believe that Methodology and the system works. They got to believe that you're the right person to teach it to them. But most importantly they got to believe that they're going to follow through and that that they're ready to make the change and that kind of stuff and especially like, you know, just interesting what you said about the UK not only are they dealing with all that stuff, but it's It's more more culturally acceptable to be an alcoholic. Yeah, right, like just like that's what people do and that's just gross stereotype.

I don't know that for a fact but at least that's my oh it's true, man. And there's Shameless about it too. Like there's no shame. They're at all, you know say view it necessarily as a problem that needs fixing, you know, potentially but so interesting now, The offer for this is what's the offer? What what do they got to pay to get started one one?

Hundred over 30 day money back reversal 30 11 dollars. Yeah times three so that now the offer from 497 one time it's broken up into three payments of 111. So three three in total for the whole program and 279 if they pay up front and commit to the full three months. Yeah, and it is a reason you went with 111. So the 97 Yeah, I like one one like logically.

It's over a hundred bucks. Right because it converts to it well. I don't know man. I just like the numbers I went with it and I know and 97 it's under under over. But like I feel like that's like my new thing where like sure we may have 74.

It's worth testing. At least I would tell you that that it's at least worth testing but you got to get more people buying it. Anyways, um, the other thing I would say is You know in the email sequence. Like so when you did silver October, he said that that was like it there was a trial and the trial people were converting. Right?

So I would offer I would at the end of that sequence once you've tried everything else certainly make a soft offer for Look just out of the 10% Should I just say here's a two-week trial? Just click this link go make them pay something make them pay a dollar or you know, $10 or something. So they so you got their credit card number at least and you can Auto charge it later. But at least something that gets them. To at least give it a shot.

Right especially if there was that high conversion of the people that gave to shot like well, that's just the thing right because my thing is not like the other things and my biggest competitor. Does this for free all day long? Right, so that's my problem. And and so it takes a lot more energy in the beginning to sort of get them to pay attention. But once they start doing it, they're like, holy s*** this works and it happens every time like two three weeks and they come to me and they're like, how did you come up with this?

Oh my God, this is amazing. I feel amazing. I love life right now baby. And that's a compelling offer. Right?

It's like you're like don't take my word for it right out for yourself. Yeah, you know if at the end of two weeks, you don't you don't feel that this is the right thing for you then no problem like you don't do anything else. Yeah. I mean look, I this thing I'm kind of saving for like Last Resort just because I did it's over OK it's hidden, you know, it's not public and the email sequence the last step but certainly worth potentially trying the other thing I would say that is potentially worth a test just real quick is a version of yourself. That doesn't have you in it the whole time.

We did that the first time you did it. It was just a text without you on camera next. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah just always want to test that some people people make judgments when they see a face right so somebody yeah. Yeah, it doesn't just depends but there's a man if they don't like my face. Yeah because I will be in their face when they are in my program. It's my job to be in their face and make sure that there's staying accountable and following the steps and everything, right especially in the beginning especially if you're someone who's just started. Okay, sounds good.

So look I like is it worth for me to to get I mean, we are gonna be redoing the vsl again, since we you know, we we got our hundred viewers and we didn't get any sales. So we have to analyze this data a little bit. So I'm gonna do that with Michael. So maybe next Friday we can connect again and see if if it is worth it. But what I will do is I will Implement what you just said and see if we can just make a little soft offer towards the end and see if people will will buy it because like right now what I'm doing is sober October was one way I'm do I'm testing it another way now, which is I'm doing something for November as well.

Hang on I'll show you here sober November. So. instead of doing a whole series of live things and like, you know dedicating my time. I just took all those recordings and put them into like a little free intro offer in my software and now we have this page so somebody like I You know. Here's messenger.

This is what I've been doing all day long. Yes, I make one Post in a big group people respond that yeah, I'm in I'm in let's participated. Like I say hey who wants to do sober November who's doing sober November and wants to do it with a group of other people. Let me know right and then I get a bunch of responses and I and I send the messages like this like hey, you know standard message here. It is click this link and then join my group, right?

So they click this link they come to this page and then there's all this info here. And then this is the form which is connected to my software and it has them as a lead and then below we have all these testimonials that they can read as well. So This is my other way of getting people in and there are ways to automate that messenger stuff by the way. So yeah. No, I I know that's what I used to do before before I found you guys.

I I know that I can always Resort back to those tactics, but the problem is that this is time-consuming stuff man, and I have and my job keeps getting busier like guys since I got sober I got really good at what I do as well and they keep promoting me and adding more to my plate and another thing happened before I left where like, you know, I got another promotion. So it's just the time thing. Plus I've got my girlfriend and two kids to look after and I live in their home now with them. So like I'll get it man told you. Yeah.

So the one thing I would say is like so I wouldn't pull the trigger money. I wouldn't pull the trigger on vitalytics or with a tagging thing or any of that until you've got The email campaign that you're going to send those people ready to go. Right. So once you've written a sequence of okay, these are the people that saw the offer and they haven't converted yet and I've written all these emails and that's ready to go. That's when I would pull the trigger on.

All right. Now, let's put in the Linux so we can tag them and Trigger that campaign. Sounds good, man. I'm gonna do a bit of a review of When I'm incorporate, well, I am going to do it that guy. I think it's now time to just do it and see if people actually because people are opening that email right like there's a Okay, so there yeah, I'm sorry.

Oh, sorry, like my zoom is just like it's completely stuck. So I can't see anything. So people are seeing they're opening the email. They're just you know, the so the last email and maybe another one after that as like a here's 10% And it is does that make me look desperate like okay. You didn't buy here's 10% Okay, you didn't buy again.

Here's it for free man. Like you got nothing to lose and it's you know, the motto is by die or unsubscribe right subscribe. I love it. There's gotta be a t-shirt somewhere where a guy that's with the T-shirt online. All right.

Okay. All right, Daddy. I'm thanks so much for your time. I know I'm just hit the one one PM Mark Christian. Have a great weekend as always good to see you my man, and I'll see you guys next week.

Alright, Buddy. Take care. Take care. Bye. A Christian I still got time so I can stay here.

Okay, so I started doing the zapier thing, but now I'm kind of stuck right there. Oh wait, where is it? You're being arms the screen comes up. Stop sharing. Take control here and try now.

Oh, here we go. Cool, so I already connected with analytics and active campaigns. I had to go there and just do the URL and key but now like this is not showing up so I don't know what to do there. All right. Here we go.

Okay, whereas so this is man. This is what little it customize that. Click on account. I'd cannot load choices. Why not?

click refresh list Yeah, that don't work ever. There you go. Oh, that's that's the top one. so I don't know if this is Get out of here. Just I hate this freaking wizard thing stupid.

Let's go back. Or just click on zap here on top left your start from scratch, okay. Not use that wizard things. Just click on the left. Now don't use that thing things are stupid.

That's great. Great is that I can't create a Because that's the Everyday People kind of thing but like that never works. Okay, great use that. in vitalytics so that is the playgate that they get well because we're we're just trying to the option for right? Yeah.

This is the opt-in form right? We're just to play gate. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's right.

Yeah, I messed that up earlier so that and maybe that's why it's like that. continue Oh continue. Yes, so. That one yeah. Have you filled it out at all?

Yeah that filled it out once. Okay, perfect. All right, continue. How active campaign? And that is great Creator update contact.

Yeah, that's great. Yeah. and you so should I make a new list just for that? So it depends how yeah, I usually yeah, that's what probably looking man. They're a lead.

They're not a buyer. So so put them in here. And usually oh yeah anytime they join that list. They get like a free training delivery. Okay.

Well that's up to you whether you want that to happen or not. But well, yeah, cuz that's when they want to leave they get they get sent back to the same page, right? That's fine. And then you don't need the ID you need their email? Email no, no not to get out of that field.

Yeah, so email. And I just might as well map this to name and phone. Anyways, even though you're not collecting that yet later on. You'll be able to change your mind and want you won't have last name and there's no last name is there. Typically not now.

You don't have to do full name. Just do phone. Yeah. And then tags, so now we're going to set the tag we want. So this is where you need to set the set of attacking it and tell you and violetics, right?

Or or just type in which tag and active campaign you want it to trigger. Anyway, oh, it's okay. So this one would I call it? So you just and like her Statics opt-in just hope you know I would say I'm being that list now that it's not coming. Now again, if you had if you wanted to be if you had said it.

in vitalytics then it would show us. So click on click on I just want to show you this but this is not how we're gonna do it. Click on tags again clicking that box. And then click the show all options button. Uh, oh actually wouldn't be on the play game.

It would be on the other one. The action thing is the play 8 doesn't apply a tag, right? So here you're just going to paste it in there. But type it in exactly how it just copy it exactly how it is there. Active campaign.

Is that good by names? All right, that's it and scroll the bottom. continue test Don't hit that yet. All right contact updated, but go bring up your contact record in. Well Mike, I this active campaign already has Chris, right?

So all your checking is to see that so it's not gonna create a contact. It's gonna apply the tag in this case since Yeah, right great. Yeah. All right, so you have published that that yeah and give it well give it a name click on the top, right right. Sorry top left versus Untitled zap.

Click the little pencil. and just put I usually put you know vitalytics Arrow active campaign, you know. Micro Aesthetics vsl opt-in or something like that. I said at least this. Okay, that's good, right?

I'm calling for yourself PSL opt-ins. So, you know, this was the opt-in versus the other one that's gonna apply the watched tag. Great. but yep. Cool, let's say oh yeah, cause it and we're gonna go back to the list of apps and we're going to duplicate it to do the other one.

So the arrow, so we're gonna do a tag one two now, yeah, that's what we're now. So just hit that little arrow and stop left. Thank you going over to click on the three dots and duplicate that one the one we just created. this one click on the name. Open the top one.

Or click it. Okay, remember mode. All right. So change that from play gate event to no. No, but new user video event.

continue So now we have I haven't had a video trigger yet. So should I said that up in violitics first? Oh, yeah, if you didn't create the tag yet and So that that's like so this one would be like before you offer. Right? So zero zero zero.

No, I would do no. This is the one that they saw the offer so I would give it the same name that you named it an active campaign. so offer so right No, no, good. Good OLX first so offer and then wherever the offer shows up, 15 minutes and I'm pretty like I'm you know, I can always change that later. Right like if I want to be more precise.

I don't know what Fields is. I don't know how that does. start type and start typing something Like email or something? Yeah, I don't know what Fields is for. But I think he just just delete the fields.

I don't think you need the fields. So Okay, so you got microsetics offer refresh? Okay. Go back to zapier. refresh fields and you might have to go through you might have to go through the video and get that tag applied before it'll find it.

This video I'm one single opportunity to get a huge discount code that's less than 20 cents today to finally become the guitar player you with me this long. I know you're right now, okay when you decide to rep for three thousand that should have applied right? I just say so so go back to zapier. Go clear get out of there for a minute. You know why?

let me I mean for right now like that's probably I mean, I guess yeah, I don't know. Yeah, just point like at this point like baby have to to update actually, it doesn't even matter right because cuz right here they have to obtain. Like that, we don't have to do this one right now because that would be if we already had an opt in right before we're not in page, right because I'm gonna run straight to vsl. So the main goal right here is to grab your email today. Try to leave basically, right, right.

Oh, yeah, but but for the people that that did up well, that's right. If they try to leave then they're not going to stick around. So yeah, you're right technically you don't need that yet. So so we don't want to waste your time. You know with that.

There was one thing like here we've called to action. There's an option to like instead of have this button. I could have the button and click funnels but like that message with CSS kind of stuff. Should I even try to do that or is that just way too complicated for me? um I let me see where it says on how to do it and clickfunnels.

So Yes, any kind of content? No, that's not that's not gonna trigger and click funnels that just means that you could put any HTML you want below the video? yeah, well because I think like if I wanna Because here's the thing like this button is like okay, but like I feel like the button and click funnels would be better looking and just more attractive. So if it could trigger The release of that button. I don't know if that's possible.

Is it or that thought that's what that meant. No, I mean, yeah, you could style this button differently. We'll see. I mean there's nothing wrong with the button dude. Okay, that's good.

That's good. Granular. Yeah, it's okay. I'm just like, okay. Just okay good to know so man.

I just I'm gonna delete this tag right for now, or should I keep it there. Anyway, I'll leave it there for now that way that way it'll be there when Somebody if somebody goes back to the video maybe from the email or something then? Hopefully it'll tag them. Very cool. So Ben at this point this this should be working right because we already are certainly the option should be working.

Yes. Okay, which is the main thing the main most important thing and then I'm gonna remove my button in the video. So and then so we can just use this one. And now one question We're not gonna do it today, but I'm just wondering like that, you know of like there's a way to automate social media post. I kind of like have a You know who'd suit but like in zapier, right?

Because right now what I'm doing I'm like releasing like three reels a day and I'm having somebody doing it manually right way too hard to make that let's say when I publish on YouTube It's Gonna automatically publish on tiktok. Not automatically published on Facebook and automatically published on Instagram. as yes, there is a way to do I thought you had software though that you should be less time that did all that for you didn't but that one was annoying because like I had to manually Publish it for tiktok and the everyone and and Facebook. So like you you could do it and then you have to manually publish it. So I ended up just being like well screw days got it.

Um, yeah, I mean, I know there are tools that that do it like HootSuite that are obviously cheaper than HootSuite. so I can look up a couple of them doing it was that you can do it was at the air but it's probably harder more work to do through zapier than is to Find out a good tool appsumo that does it. So very must be a tool that does it that specifically does that. I mean, I know there are tools that will just like Syndicate your content and stuff. Like I haven't used them in a while.

So it's not an area. I'm an expert. I don't do content Marketing in any way shape or form. So not not my strong suit, but I know there are tools and John might know some too. So because the only thing is like that over tool was just always telling me like if they don't have the API and an email them and we're like, oh, yeah, we're trying to get the API from Facebook and and take talk to be able to publish on to schedule it.

Yeah, and then and those and again, I don't do a lot of content marketing but those guys might have clamped down on that stuff because of all the the Bots and the disinformation things so they might have shut that s*** off so that people can't do that anymore. So I'm not sure but Okay, if I all look around if I find something that I think makes sense, I'll email you. Okay, thank you so much. I should you you know staying extra to say I think. You know, we'll we're ready to set that up.

We're ready to launch it. Hopefully I'm good. Alright, buddy. I'll talk to you so much see
