---
title: "Tech 2021-11-12 16:58:04"
date: 2021-11-12
duration: 1h 23m
duration_seconds: 5037
vimeo_id: 645338540
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-11-12 16:58:04

**Date:** 2021-11-12 | **Duration:** 1h 23m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Oh. Nice. All right. We got my other side of the world peeps are on.

Like it. It just happened that daylight saving, man. I was there half hour ago. I was like, what is happening? Like, is it already?

I was like, why is it 35 minutes? Oh my God. But it's still what? Midnight for you or 11 now? Originally, it's 12 a.m.

Right now it's 1 a.m. Oh, gotcha. So it's even worse. All right. Well, let's help you out first then.

You and Edward and maybe Epi. I don't know. I don't know where Epi is located, but what you got? Right. I actually have two questions.

One is a very quick one. So we were finally kind of thinking to start getting a tech person. Right now, you know, we don't have a tech person. And I'm just kind of like scrambling through whatever that is required. But then it seems like that more and more stuff is kind of getting up.

And we wanted to also look for a tech person. And just kind of wondering, typically when we look for a tech person,
what kind of things that I'm actually looking at? And one of the questions I have is like, normally, do they also have like,
for example, like WordPress is one thing. And then the system, let's say in Soho, is another thing. Do I look for one person that knows all the tech thing?

Or how am I going to look at it? Ideally, if you can find somebody that knows kind of all the pieces
that are going to be the core part of your tech stack,
that's going to potentially be the best bet. But that said, if I had to hire two people,
then I would hire one person that knows the CRM inside and out. And then one person that knows, you know,
whether it's WordPress or ClickFunnels or whatever platform you're going to use
to build the pages and the checkout processes and that kind of stuff. Somebody who knows that inside and out.

Now, you know, like, so obviously WordPress developers are a dime a dozen. Like there's bazillions of people that know how to use WordPress. So in that case, I would not only look for somebody who has WordPress skills,
but also someone who has experience building,
working with a direct response type business,
like understands sales pages and funnels and that kind of thing. And it's not just a generic WordPress developer
that's good at creating like custom plugins. Like you're not going to need a lot of that, right?

It's not going to be a lot of custom development. Pretty much anything that you need to do,
there should be already a plugin or theme
or something that supports it like on the WordPress side. So you shouldn't really have to do a whole lot of custom development,
but they should understand kind of the sales process and how it works
and primarily like how to integrate with other things. So, you know, somebody that understands Zapier, for instance,
and can take website information and send it over to the Zoho
or whoever is managing Zoho, whatever. Like that's probably going to be the more important thing.

And then also I would say, you know,
typically your web developers should not be your web designers, right? Like you don't necessarily want your web guy building landing pages
because they're usually two completely different skill sets. Like you're either a logical person and you think if this,
then that as a good tech person. But if you're a designer, like you don't think that way at all. You're more creative, right?

And you're more about art and creativity than you are about logic typically. So that's stereotyping, stereotyping a lot. But in general, it's hard to, in general,
most developers don't understand design. Most designers don't understand development. And then they also don't understand marketing.

So, you know, the more you can get to somebody
that understands both marketing and tech,
that's usually your best bet. But, you know, it's also going to be a little bit of a generalist as well. Right. So just kind of depends and kind of depends on budget
and how much staff you want to hire and stuff like that. Oh, that's cool.

That gives me better clarity. Great. So that's one, that's question number one. And then the second thing is,
the second thing is actually going back to the CRM question. And I just kind of,
so last time I was asking you about the flow,
you know, how the flow was working and all.

And now I need to kind of get into the nitty gritty of,
kind of piece out the whole thing together
with the, each step in detail,
but just one basic thing was about
how do we think about managing the list? And as in like, what are the,
like, just kind of like, how do we think about that? So right now what I have is like,
I have like 70 different lists. Like every webinar I have like one list and it's crazy. It's getting very messy.

So how do I think about organizing? So most of our leads is coming from webinar,
coming from our mentees and maybe like free resources,
a free ebook opt-in. So they are just like, you know, these different lists
and maybe like, yeah, just kind of these things. And I kind of, I've never really done the action
of moving them to like a main list kind of thing. I don't have the, I don't have this moving from one list.

Okay. Centralizing back them,
back them into a main list or something like that. So this is one thing that I just wanted to ask,
like, how do I think about organizing them? Or should I, you know, put them into one place
after they go through the whole sequence? Of like the webinar sequence or whatever sequence.

And, and also, is there any,
is there any way that I classify them
that is essential to set them up
so that I don't stress out later
about them getting messy? And, you know, we're just doing like,
basically we're like webinar
and then three days event
and then the high ticket thing,
mentorship program. So this is kind of like what we do at the moment. And so, so the challenge is,
so right now you're using,
right now you're using what, AWeber, right? Right now I'm using AWeber,
but then I'm going to,
right, right.

Yeah. Yeah. Right. So that's, so that's the issue, right? So the difference is,
is that, you know,
AWeber gets you thinking
in this idea of lists
because that's just kind of
how it's structured
where, where everything.

So what I'm saying is like,
so like an Infusionsoft,
there's, there's just one list, right? There, there are,
there is no multiple lists. There's just your contact list
and all of your contacts
have certain tags
that indicate what they've done
or, you know,
what segments they're in or whatever. And then you can sort
and filter by tags. So if Zoho is going to be like that,
where it's more tag-based
than list-based
or you have the ability
to do both, right?

So like the ideal scenario
would be you have two lists. You've got a prospects list
and you've got a customer list, right? And then within those lists,
those people are tagged based on,
so all the prospects would be tagged,
opted in for webinar,
attended webinar, right? But there's still a prospect
until they bought. And then all the customer people
would be tagged
with what they bought,
et cetera, right?

So if you think at a real high level,
like that's the real high level. You have two basic segments
and then within those segments,
you have sub-segments
based on behavior. So again, I'm not sure
how Zoho does it,
but if there is a way to have,
to do,
the closer you can get to that,
where you just have two primary lists
and then you can sort
and filter and segment
based on tags
that identify their behavior. So, you know,
what we have is for,
for every offer,
basically,
there are a kind of
a core set of tags. So let's say it's
E5 coaching, right?

There's,
there's opted in,
there's submitted
their application,
there's scheduled their call. So it's,
you know,
E5 coaching,
opt-in,
E5 coaching,
application submitted,
E5 coaching,
you know,
scheduled,
E5 coaching showed,
E5 coaching,
you know,
no show,
E5 coaching
purchased,
right? I mean,
really,
that's fundamentally
like the same goals
that you have in the campaign
are the same tags
typically that you apply,
right? So that,
you know,
when you want to be able
to say,
hey,
show me all the people
that opted in for E5 coaching
and applied,
but didn't schedule,
then I can easily say,
all right,
show me anybody
who's got the E5 coaching opt-in
and the E5 coaching scheduled,
but doesn't have
the E5 coaching showed
or doesn't have scheduled,
sorry. But that's,
that's typically how you want
to think about it.

So again,
for every product offer,
every campaign,
you have kind of those
core sets of goal-like tags. And typically when you lay out these,
like,
let's say every campaign,
let's say the E5 coaching thing,
and when you have the opt-in,
like when you have these tags,
when you plan them out,
do you typically already have
the follow-up actions
of what you want
each tags? Is it like,
do you already have
the actions ready
or it's just that
there's a certain time
you're going to want
to have these data
and you're going to pull this out
and then you're going
to run everything,
like run something new
to those bunch of people
to loop them back in? Right. Yeah.

So we,
so we may not have all the,
so if I'm building out
a campaign from scratch,
I will always kind of build it
that way from the start. Like,
like I will map out,
like what are the goals
of the campaign? You know,
goal number one,
goal number two,
goal number three. So goal number one
is they opt in. Goal number two
is they submit
their application.

Goal number three
is they schedule,
right? Let's keep it that simple. So I would,
I would lay those
three things out. I would create tags
for each of those
three goals. And then,
and then I would put
an empty sequence
in between those goals
that,
you know,
that sequence
is going to do something
to,
to move them
from goal number one
to goal number two.

right now. And so I may not
build out that sequence
right away. I may not put any emails
in it or anything like that. I may just have it there
as a placeholder
if I want to launch
the campaign quickly. But at least
I know,
you know,
logically what the flow
is going to be.

I know that the tagging
is happening
as they kind of
complete those
different steps. Oh,
okay. So that,
and then I can easily
go back later
and be like,
okay,
yeah,
hey,
you know,
like all the people,
all the people,
like,
let's say,
take all the people
that did schedule
but didn't buy,
right? So I can say,
search for people
in my prospects list
who have the schedule tag
or actually,
yeah,
they're still
in the prospects list
and they have the schedule tag. That would mean
they're not a customer yet
because they would have
been moved out
of the prospect list
if they had bought.

Now,
the only part
you got to be careful of
is you may have people
that are prospects
for one program
and customers
of a different program,
right? So they may be in both
theoretically,
right? So you would have to check,
you know,
so have they,
did they show interest
an E5 coaching
but they're not
a customer
with an E5 coaching tag
then,
all right,
let me send them
a campaign
to try to sell them
E5 camp,
you know,
or something like that. I see. What?

That's cool. I,
does that make sense
or do you like,
I know your visual
like,
so I don't know
if you need to. No,
no,
no,
no,
I drew,
I mapped it out
as you mentioned
but I mean,
it sounds so simple
that you just have
the prospect list
and customer list
but it just kind of
helps me to get better. I really like the flow
and the tag
and the goals
and the step
that you mapped up. That's very cool.

That's very cool. Thank you. So it's a little bit
harder in Aweber
because I don't think
Aweber supports tags. No. So you have to do it
kind of by list
but I would do basically,
so this,
so in Aweber
basically,
whatever you would
create a tag for
in a different program
is kind of what you
create a list for
in Aweber
unfortunately
but that's why
you want to get off
Aweber
as quick as possible
for that reason.

Yeah,
true,
true,
true,
true. Cool. Okay,
cool. Thanks. Awesome.

Thank you. Good night,
Bronze. We're both so late. What time is it for you,
Ed? It's got to be about
the same for you,
isn't it?

Yeah,
I mean,
yeah,
it is actually. But,
you know,
typical work hours
for us,
really. How close are you
to each other? Are you guys
in the same,
where do you guys
live in relation
to each other? Yeah,
around like a,
how far are we,
Bronze?

I don't think I've,
I don't think we've
told you yet,
have we? Like,
I don't know. I mean,
as far as it is,
like,
the maximum distance
is probably like
a 30-minute drive away. Oh,
really? I know it's around
15 minutes
from our office.

Bronze,
we should hook up
sometime. I was going to say,
you guys definitely should. visit us sometime. Where do you stay again? It's in,
our office is in,
Diamond Hill.

Diamond Hill. Diamond Hill. Oh my God. You know? Yeah.

Okay. I'm just,
yeah,
I'm just struggling
to see how I can say
it simply. Revealing the full address,
but anyway. 30 minutes. But yeah,
you guys should
definitely hook up
because you can.

Yeah,
it'll be cool. You should. But anyway,
yeah,
thanks again,
Teddy,
for your time. I just have
one quick question
from me
and then I believe
Epi has a couple. Regarding to
list hygiene,
I'd like to know
what are some of your
practices with MFA?

How do you guys
take care of it? Do you guys do
like a monthly
calling of
disengaged people? Because we've had
a rare case,
two rare cases
actually over the
past month
where our,
well,
I received an email
where the Infusionsoft
guy,
our success rep
actually emailed us
and they said,
we've,
let me just take a look
here,
generated quote unquote
high volumes
of spam
complaints
and have sent
excessive amounts
of spam traps
and they've actually
suspended our ability
to broadcast messages
twice
and I had to,
you know,
submit evidence
that I've cleaned
my list
with this app
they recommended
clean13.com
and so,
and yeah,
so I'd just like
to know how
I can kind of
prevent this
moving on
in the future
because I,
as far as I'm concerned,
we don't actually have
like,
a huge amount
of spam complaints
like probably
like a one,
like a 0.1%
per email
and we have
like a pretty
high open rate
too. It's around
like 15 to 20%
so just,
and the practices
are the same,
right,
but the funnels
are the same
so I'm just curious
what's your take
on all this? Yeah,
so,
so a couple things.

So,
so number one,
there are
two services
that you should
probably look at. One is
deliverability
dashboard.com. Hey there,
it's Adrian. Sorry. and you might
have remember
Adrian spoke
to the top
one group
at one point,
but so
deliverability
dashboard
gives you
a bunch
of reporting
on,
on your
email,
how clean
it is,
breaks it down
by Gmail,
Yahoo,
Hotmail,
shows you
kind of open
and click-through
rates through
each of those,
but it also
has like
an,
like there's,
there's one
service that's
just kind of
the basic,
like here's
your reporting
and there's,
there's another
part where
it'll actually
every night
will go through
the list
and tag people
based on what
their engagement
is,
right,
so creates
like a zero
to seven day
group,
seven to 30
days,
30,
30 to 60
days,
60 to 90,
over 90
days,
over 100
days,
or 180,
et cetera,
right.

and that,
so that's
just helpful
particularly
for broadcasts,
so what
we do
is if
we're sending
out a major
broadcast,
like the
Saturday
marketing memo
that basically
goes out to
the entire
list,
we send
that out
in three
batches,
so we send
out one
batch that
goes to
our zero
to 30
days engaged
list,
we send
out another
batch that
goes to
30 to 90
days,
and then
a third
batch
from 90
days
beyond,
right,
and so
what that,
and we
spread those
out about
two hours
apart,
right,
so you
can just
create the
same broadcast,
you just
schedule it,
and you
just kind
of stagger
them a
little bit,
what that
does is
one,
the zero
to 30
day group
will go
out through
Infusion's
best servers,
and you'll
get obviously
higher open
rates on
those,
which signals
to the
ISP that,
hey,
this email
is valuable,
and therefore
when the
second and
third batches
come into
that same
ISP,
they're like,
you know,
they saw
positive behavior
earlier,
so that
helps. In general,
like Adrian's
recommendation
and most
people's
recommendations,
if somebody
hasn't engaged
with you in
90 days,
just delete
them,
take them
completely out
of the system,
that's painful,
right,
you spend a lot
of money to
acquire them,
so the flip
side is
either 90
days,
so what's
nice about
those tags
is because
he applies
a 90-day
tag,
but he can
have a
reactivation
campaign set
up whenever
that 90-day
tag is applied
to somebody
that puts
them through
like a
reactivation
sequence that
might be
offering,
you know,
offer something
of super
value,
you know,
maybe one
of your
low-end
courses or
something like
that,
that,
hey,
just go
here,
opt in
for this,
I'll give
it to you
for free,
but that
gets,
potentially
gets them
to re-engage,
re-opt in
an infusion
size,
so infusion
doesn't see
them as
90 days
unengaged
anymore,
and,
you know,
kind of
reactivates
them that
way,
if after
they go
through that
campaign,
they still
haven't re-engaged,
then you
can export
them,
mail them
through another
third-party
email platform,
potentially,
same thing,
you're going
to try to
send them
to a,
I mean,
you're not
going to
get a lot
of results,
like you're
going to
get maybe
2% or
3% response
rate,
but,
yeah,
same thing,
send them
through another
reactivation
campaign,
but at least
now they're
not being
sent through
infusion,
and also
build a
retargeting
audience,
if you've
got addresses,
do a direct
mail campaign
to them,
like all that
kind of stuff
to try to
recapture,
but that's
the general
thing,
and then
the other
potential
plugin you
might want
to grab
is called
spam kill,
I forget
exactly who
makes,
I think if
you just
google spam
kill and
infusion,
it'll come
up,
that one
basically
whenever a
new contact
is created
in the
system,
it does
an actual
real-time
check to
make sure
it's a
deliverable
email,
and,
you know,
that it's
not on
spam lists,
and it's
not on
any
honey traps,
and all
that kind
of stuff,
and if it
is,
it'll
mark it,
and so
that you
don't mail
it. So those
are pretty
much the
two main
services
that we
use,
and like I
said,
yeah,
we have
some stuff
set up as
automations for
those reactivation
campaigns once
they reach a
certain threshold. The other
important thing
is during
the first
seven days,
seven to
14 days of
a new
contact being
created,
like potentially
having some
sort of welcome
sequence where
they're engaging,
they're clicking,
and ideally
replying to an
email early on. like, you
know, you
got to think
about it
just from,
think about
it from
the, like,
Gmail or
Yahoo's
perspective,
right, and
think about
what your
natural
communication
with a
real person
looks like.

You send
them an
email, they
reply, you
send another
email, they
reply, like
there's not
four links to
the same thing
in an email,
like the more
your communications
can approach
what you would
actually,
right, like,
you know,
images, like
no header
banners to
brand the,
like, screw
the text,
minimal links,
right, that's
all more
natural, and
that's, you
know, that's
what the AI
is looking for,
because, you
know, and to
a lot of
degree, like
Gmail doesn't
care what
server it got
sent from,
or like, Gmail
is looking on a
person-by-person
basis, like, does
this person have
a relationship
with you, and
should I deliver
this or not,
right, fundamentally. Got it. So what
Infusion cares
about versus
what Gmail cares
about can be
two different
things, like,
Infusion's looking
at those open
rates and how
long it's been
since you mailed
them, and, you
know, that kind
of thing, but. Got it. What about, I
forgot what that
four-letter word
is, S-P-I-F or
S-K-I-F?

S-P-I-F. There's S-P-F
and DKIM. Right, right,
DKIM, SPF, and
then white
labeling, are all
those just, like,
minor tweaks that
kind of up the
open rating and
kind of be kinder
to the ISP, or
does that not
really have a
direct impact
with the
issue? So SPF and
DKIM, if
they're not set
up or if they're
not set up
correctly, they
will certainly
impact your
deliverability
because, like,
basically what
SPF and DKIM
are, are
ways for
the, the,
the, you
know, Gmail,
Yahoo's, Hot
Mails of the
World to know
that this
email is coming
from an
authorized source
and it's not
somebody spoofing
emails from, from
your email address. Right, so when,
when the SPF
record points to
the Infusionsoft
servers and the
DKIM is set up
to point to
Infusionsoft as
well, then they
know, okay, this
is coming from a
source that
Edward trusts to
send an email on
his behalf, um,
versus, you know,
some spammer that
tries to send from
his local server to
all, to your list
somehow, right, uh,
and is forging your
name, they, those
emails would get
rejected because they
don't have the
right SPF or DKIM
records.

So yeah, those
should be set up
and they should be
set up properly. Um, uh,
documentation on
it's pretty good,
so, okay, so
they, they do have
documentation on
that, but it's not
set up by default,
right? We actually have to
follow it and, and
do it right after
that. You actually have to
add DNS records to
your domain, to
whatever domain you're
mailing from to make
sure it's set up. That's why.

Got it. And then what about
that, uh, the
send it best time
feature? Do you guys not use
that then? In that case, if
we're, we're sending
three batches? Not for broadcast.

Yeah. For broadcast, we
don't. I mean, we, we
rarely use it at
all, honestly, unless
it's really, uh, a
time insensitive
message, but
interesting. Got it. Cool.

Well, that's all I
got. Thanks, Teddy. Got some, yeah. Questions of our
own. Yes.

I, um, Teddy,
thank you for your
time. Um, so I have
mainly one question. We are looking for
a project manager, um,
that can manage
multiple projects, um,
with a minimum time
spent of three months
through to a year. And we have a couple
of requirements, um, in
terms of it has to be
very easy to use. So the users are not
going to be like you
or I or Edward,
basically.

And, uh, we're looking
for views in, in
gun, um, style in
list style and maybe
even Kaiban and they
can connect with
dependencies. So, um, is that, is
there anything that,
you know, you could
recommend, um, I
know, you know, we, we
hear a lot about, um,
obviously monday.com
and air tables and
click ups, but we're
wondering if there are
anything that you
would recommend. Yeah. I mean, those, those
are kind of, I mean,
the, the one I would
typically recommend, I
would say is not
necessarily easy for
novice people to use. Um, but it's probably
the most robust, it's
not cheap either.

And that's right. W R I K E. Uh, yes. Um, but, uh, yeah,
other than that, I
would say probably
Monday or click up. I did see one the
other day actually on
app sumo that looked
interesting mostly
because, and this may
be more for Edward
than for you.

it was more, you
know, Edward, we run
the company kind of
through, uh, through
EOS, right? So it's very okay. R and KPI driven all
our meetings and stuff
like that. Uh, and so this
platform trying to find
it's flowy here. I'll put the link
into it.

Um, this is actually
an app sumo deal right
now. So you could probably
pick it, you can pick
it up for like 60 bucks
for a lifetime deal. Even if you don't use
it, it's probably worth
the, so that's the
main app, uh, this
flowy team, uh, this
is, I haven't used it
like I have no, no
experience with it
whatsoever. Right. So, but it looks
interesting, especially
because it's kind of KPI
and OKR driven, but
then also has project
management.

It also has ways to
kind of like incentivize
them. Like, you know, you can
have bonuses and
gamification to it for
them completing projects
on time and stuff like
that. So it looked
interesting. Um, but other than
that, yeah, I would
say something like
Monday or ClickUp. Uh, I mean, Trello
works as well, right?

But Trello's got a
learning curve. Notion's got a
learning curve. Um, yeah, I was, I
was, uh, I was going
to recommend Notion, um,
but the setup itself, um,
it's very heavy
lifting and if we want
to make any changes,
then there is another
whole load of, you
know, work to be done
takes of three months
to build up the
template basically. So, but it's, it's
Monday.com, you know,
between Monday.com and
ClickUp, which would
you recommend? So we've seen a lot on
YouTube.

Yeah. We, we used Monday on
a project. It was all right. It wasn't, it wasn't my
favorite, but it was
all right. Um, I haven't used
ClickUp at all.

So I don't know if
there's, but there
might be somebody else
on the call who has, uh,
I'm not sure if there
is, feel free to speak
up. Um, but yeah,
Chirag, Chirag, what
do you use for project
management? Yeah, we use a
Microsoft, uh, Teams. So Office 365 and it
has everything like a
planner, uh, for task
management, Microsoft
Teams, uh, uh, for it's
like a replacement of
Slack. And then, uh, so it
talks with each of those
applications very, very
well.

So you can create like
zap kind of things, uh,
between planner and, uh,
teams and, uh, Excel and
word and everything. So, uh, what do you just
show? Uh, there are a lot of
tools that coming out like
this, uh, Monday and, uh,
ClickUp and those kinds of
things, but you got to use
one integrated stuff, which
talks with each other very
well. So either you go for the
Google ecosystem or you go
for the Microsoft ecosystem
and then a couple of tools
that you really need, then
you can have it with the
Zeps and everything. But, uh, for me, uh, the
Microsoft 365 with Teams and
Zoho, these two are, uh,
solution for every problem,
uh, every, every need that
you might, uh, have, because,
uh, they use the BI like
business intelligence, uh,
like analytics, all
everything, uh, is part of
these two, uh, products.

So more you use those
products, more BI data you
can get from these
applications. Uh, and Zoho has a project
management thing in there,
like, yeah, yeah, yeah. It has a call, uh, uh, it
has a two project management
tools. One like Jira for softwares
like, uh, Spring, uh, Zoho
Spring, and another is the
regular project management
like, uh, like, uh, Gantt
chat and those kind of
things. That's wonderful.

Thank you. We'll give, uh, we'll
actually give rake if, uh, and
Soho or maybe Microsoft,
we'll have a look at those
because, uh, one of the most
important aspects that we need
is the Gantt charts, um, with
the dependency built into
each other. So yeah, we'll have a look
at those. And honestly, like if you
want like stupid, simple,
but still has kind of Gantt
chart functionality and stuff
like that. Uh, I'm also a big fan of
smartsheet.com, which is,
which is really just a super
powered spreadsheet.

Um, but there's a lot you
can do with it. Um, so it's, it's almost like
notion in that it's table
based, but it's a lot easier
learning curve than notion. And as long as people
understand how to use a
spreadsheet, like they can
figure out smartsheet, uh,
but you can't have different
views of Kanban and Gantt
charts and timelines and, and
all that kind of stuff. So, I mean, when I had my
agency, that's actually before
click up and Monday and all
that kind of stuff. Uh, we used both, we used
Wrike internally and we use
smartsheet for clients.

So like the clients would see
their project status and their
tasks and all that kind of
stuff in smartsheet, because it
was super easy for them to
understand and use. Um, and then, and the main
reason we used Wrike was Wrike
and a lot of tools have this
now, but Wrike had the ability
at the time to really kind of
map out an entire project with
all the dependencies and all the
tasks. So, you know, let's say it's,
it's doing, doing, building a
webinar funnel, right? Like I could build that entire
template inside of Wrike once
with all the dependencies, the
tasks, how, what the durations
should be. And then whenever I needed to
launch a new one, I could just
kind of from that template
generate a whole new thing.

And it would set all the
timings and dependencies and
assign it to the right people
without having to redo it
manually every time. But I'm sure a lot of
systems have that now, but
that's something to look for,
right? Especially if you do a lot of
like, if it's, if it's a
funnel build project, right? And you know, that it's going
to be all these same steps
over and over, like something
that you can templatize, uh, and
crank out quickly is super
helpful. Great.

Great. That's wonderful. That's, that's all what
wants us to know. And we'll explore further. Thank you very much.

Awesome. Thanks. All right. Uh, let's see. Doran, how you doing, buddy?

Yes. Hi, Teddy. Good. How are you? Thank you.

So I'm, I'm in Bucharest,
Romania. What time is it for you? What time is it? It's 7 p.m. Yeah.

Oh, okay. So not too bad. What you working on? I have a few questions for
you. Um, so I, I, I've been, I've
been working with Entreport for
about three years, but after
studying Kartra as your first
choice recommendation within
your training course, I was
seriously considering shifting
from Entreport to Kartra and I
need some encouragement because
Kartra is quite new on the
market as far as I, I know
this comparing to many
others.

And, uh, not to mention that
it's half the price, but they
have more functionality than
Entreport, a little bit
more. And, uh, I would need some
encouragement from you in
order to shift. I mean, is it difficult or
because I, I would like to
start doing the campaigns
with this one. Gotcha. So I would say, I would say
a couple of things.

So number one, like
Entreport's a good system,
right? I don't necessarily have
anything against Entreport. Um, the, the place where it
lacks the most is on its
reporting. Um, like it's hard sometimes
to get the right kind of
reports, but, uh, other than
that, it, uh, it works, you
know, reasonably well. Um, I don't necessarily, I'm
not a totally a big fan of
the Entrepages or the
Entrecheckout.

Like I, you know, in that
respect, I think probably
Kartra and ClickFunnels
handle that a little bit
better. Uh, and it's hard to use
Entreport with other systems,
right? Like you can't, even though
ClickFunnels sort of
integrates with Entreport, like
you can't really use it for,
um, what I would say now on
the flip side, what I don't
like about Kartra is it's
reporting is, is lacking a
little bit as well. Uh, it's affiliate management
has some issues mainly that you
can only like kind of, uh, the
cookies are only good for 30
days kind of thing. Like you can't do like a
lifetime cookie if you want to
pay an affiliate forever on
somebody that they refer, uh,
and for me personally, like
it's a little bit too wizard
based.

Like I got to jump through a
lot of different screens and
answer a lot of questions to
set stuff up. Now, if you're, you know, less
technical, that's actually
helpful. Right. So what I would say now the
decision between moving from
Entreport to Kartra would first
question would be, well, how
much do you have built out in
Entreport that you have to move
in terms of automations and
sequences and logic? Like if just moving your, your
customer list and a couple
products and some order forms,
that's probably not a big deal.

But if you've got a lot of
automation built in Entreport
that you would now have to
recreate in Kartra, that's a
bigger consideration. Um, but then the other thing I
would say would be, you know,
grab the Kartra trial and try to
build out a campaign from
scratch and just see, you know,
does this make more sense to
me? Is it easier for me to do? Like what, what are the
limitations that I'm running
into and just kind of, kind of
feel it out. Like it's, you know, at the end
of the day, to some degree, it's
a personal preference.

Like they, they'll all kind of
get you to the finish line for
the most part. Um, the biggest issue with all
of them. And the reason I still kind of
refer, you know, recommend
infusion over any of them is
infusion has still kind of the
best reporting and the best
API. Like I can, your ability to
slice and dice the data in
infusion is still unmatched in,
in this level of CRMs for, you
know, Chirag would certainly
argue that Zoho probably has,
you know, better, better
functionality in that respect. I, I still haven't had really
time to play with Zoho.

Um, but, you know, Cartwright is
certainly more direct response
funnel building focused, uh, than
Zoho as well. Right. So, you know, Chirag, Chirag and
I are technical so we can figure
out all the integrations in, in
Zoho. Yeah. So that's, uh, yeah, that would
be my, my core advice.

And, uh, you mentioned something
and I, it was all for my
questions. Is there any possibility to move
the contacts from Entreport to
Cartra just in case I would
consider shifting? Yeah, there should be no
reason. I don't believe Cartra has any
import restrictions. Um, there's only certain tools
that do any, like Aweber still
doesn't really let you import
lists without permission and
that kind of thing.

But, uh, as far as I know,
Cartra has no limitations on
importing your list. And especially even if they did,
if you said, look, I'm moving
from Entreport, these people
have been on my list. I've been actively mailing
them. There should be no reason why
they, um, so yeah, that's a,
that's usually a pretty
straightforward export import
process. Now, what you can't move is if
you have people on
subscriptions, you can't move
those subscriptions over.

You can't move their credit
cards over. So any, any automated billing
stuff would have to, you may
have, if you have that, then
you may have to maintain two
systems until, uh, you, you
know, until those subscriptions
die off in Entreport or you
incentivize them to move over and
reset up the subscription in
Cartra. Um, right. All right. Um, one more thing is because
Entreport does not have video
engagement graph.

As far as I know, maybe, you know,
something else. And, uh, uh, according to my
discussions with Michael, I would
need that. This video engagement graph. Entreport is going to have what? I'm sorry.

I missed the first part. Video engagement graph. I mean, just to follow, uh,
Entreport doesn't, but you
know, Wistia does YouTube
does Vimeo does. Right. So if you, do you use a
Entreport or in parallel with
that or?

Yeah. You should be able to embed any
of those on an Entre page or,
or whatever. Um, what, what Entreport doesn't
have and what would be harder,
which I'm pretty sure Carter has,
uh, is the ability to say, Hey,
for people that only watched 50%
of this video, send them this
email. Um, like it can be done in
Entreport. Uh, it usually requires something
like plus this, uh, which is like a
third party utility tool for
Entreport and Feud and Stop
active campaign and drip.

Um, that kind of does that stuff. But, um, so yeah, I mean, pretty
much you can do anything that you
need to, anything that needs to be
done in this world, anything that
we would teach you to do or tell
you to do can be done in most
cases with any platform. Um, it's just, again, it's more
like, like what's your compelling
reason to, to, to leave Entreport
because pricing is about the same. I think too, right. It's not really, it's just
half the price.

Oh, is that Carter's half the price
for exactly what I'm doing right
away and what I'm paying for
Entreport. Okay. So it is worth considering it. Got it. Got it.

Um, so yeah, so if it saves you
money, if it's easier to use, if it
has more features and then I don't,
you know, like how big is your list
over in Entreport? It's about 3000. Okay. So small list. How many, do you have any active
subscriptions?

No, I don't have any active
subscriptions because this is not my
business model. Okay, great. Uh, and, and are there a lot of
automations or campaigns built out
that would be hard to replicate? Well, not so hard to replicate. There are, there are quite because
I've been working for the past three
years with it.

So I've built some. Gotcha. But not, not so hard to replicate. Got it. Okay.

Uh, and, and just keep in mind, there's
always potentially ways to, you know,
for some of the more complex, uh,
automations, like, you know, like
obviously your goal is to stop paying
for Entreport, but until you got
everything moved over, you could
certainly use something like Zapier to
still, like, let's say you move the
lead capture over to Kartra, but then
you still have this complex, you know,
post opt-in process. It's going to take you some time to
move over. You could use Zapier so that when they
opt into Kartra, it still triggers that
thing in Entreport for now. Right. It's kind of a bridge until you, so you
get there.

So, okay. Got the idea. And I have one small last question,
which is what kind of tool for funnel
creation, like, like a sketch, for
example, I mean, just to draw the ideas
behind, uh, sales funnels, do you
recommend? Uh, funnel, let me type it in here. So, I know, um, two, uh, so there's
two, there's this one, politics.io, and
then, what was the other one?

Well, actually, actually, there's
three, so there's, there's funnellytics. That's one thing. There is guru.com. Which guru is kind of nice because
guru will let you kind of model out the
mathematics of the funnel. Like you can say, Hey, you know, if I
were to get a thousand visitors to this
page and they opt in at 30% and then
they buy the offer and that converts at
10% and the price of the offer is this
like, it'll run all that math for you
and kind of let you see different
scenarios.

Uh, and that's a, that's a one-time
purchase. Um, and then
maybe one-time
you can go
there. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.

Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.

Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. uh
i can't remember the name from the other one
um well anyways either of those two will definitely get you there and if i if i can find the name of
the other one i'll put it in this chat here
conversion
mod oh hold on i think it's convert pages
um
yeah well i know stick with those two for now
anything else that's all thanks a lot all right cool
all right shirag how how was your venture to the to the states
how's my buddy perry hey i didn't come oh you didn't go no i i attended one so i i was i attended
virtually oh that was for the european event so the 27th on in chicago i didn't go it was too tight
it was just traveling yeah traveling was too tight yeah i got a call from uh your team about uh
uh attending top one event you mentioned to me but yeah i ended up not coming to us so that was not
applicable and even if i came your dates were like overlapping uh for that event the dates you guys had
uh yeah uh yeah i think we're going to be coming to us and we're going to be going to be
uh yeah i think our next one is where are we
i think next one's in february that could be early february i think is when it's when the next one will be so
you guys are back uh to the live events mode now yeah i mean that one was kind of hybrid like
certainly all the international people still couldn't come we missed it by like a week like
we opened up our borders like the first week of november and that was right so we didn't know that
it was gonna open so hopefully the next one will be more in person but still went well i mean we have
probably had 40 people live in the room um and then brought in the whole av team to do the live stream for
everybody overseas oh that's great that's great so yeah so how was it like after almost one and a half
years right yeah yeah no it's good to be it's good to be around people uh again certainly you know
there's there's nothing like being in a room of of like-minded entrepreneurs just yeah of course no doubt
about that no doubt about that but uh yeah no it's good yeah thanks for i mean you uh the bronze
contacted me and i went through the demo of uh zoho to her and a couple of her team member okay so
yeah uh i think that was helpful helpful to her uh yeah yeah it sounds sounds like that's the
direction she's going to go go in and her model is very similar to what i mean hers is more evergreen
webinars where i know yours were more live but i figured since she was looking at that you were
definitely the man to talk to so oh thanks and i think he our boss is from india i think he's part
of the top one uh uh what's his name that they've got with they've yeah yeah i've never actually met
him she's a she's the one that that's pretty much the the face of the company so far so okay okay but
i think he's part of the top one right if i'm not mistaken yeah they as a company are part of top one
yeah so yeah yeah both her and edward who was just on as well as is also part of top one okay okay so
what else is going on man not much man staying staying busy busy okay yeah looks like your fridays
are now much much busy uh compared to the few months back or what your friday calls all the calls yeah
it's hit or miss i've had a couple still that were empty but uh yeah well it's interesting it's
like you know we added the wednesday night call for the international overseas people but
more of them show up on the friday call so we'll see but uh oh yeah so how you doing things are good
yeah things are good uh on the automation and the remote integration part i uh uh discussed with
you about that high ticket funnel finally uh i could uh help one client we are at the last stage of uh
finalizing so this client has a very typical high ticket funnel uh coaching very similar to you but
in the agency market so they help other agency owners to scale up and uh we are talking about like
four or five thousand dollar retainer monthly retainer to design their system uh that kind of
thing nice so yeah uh it's it's almost uh done so let's see how many months it goes but they really
need help with uh zoho and developing the full text backend system and you're doing just the integration
you're just doing the build out you're not providing strategy or copy or anything no i'm not providing
the copy but i'm providing the strategy for the backend strategy for sure uh the calendar integration
uh onboarding uh the the complete uh zoho crm uh retention uh and all kind of the strategy plus
implementation but not on the copywriting and the ad parts so they are they will do the facebook ads
and lead generation from but from the lead generation onwards strategy plus implementation but you're not
writing the emails or creating the backend campaign so they will give me the email text and i'll just
push it yeah yeah the only reason i'm saying is it's like i told you like what whenever possible
especially if you're doing the strategy or helping with the messaging or you know if you're doing
anything that's generating sales for them other than just automating the processes then try to get a
revenue share you know like okay okay i got it okay in addition to the retainer yeah if if you're doing
something that's going to actually bring in revenue right like so just if they already have the whole
thing built like they've already have it mapped out they have all the emails you're just putting all
the pieces together that's different that's that's more of a flat retainer but no what the level of help
that i will be providing them uh is much very much in detail and it's ongoing so they are doing
like fifty thousand dollar revenue per month right now that's what they are doing right now and their
goal is to grow to a couple of hundred thousand every month in next 12 to 15 months that's their goal
so they have a product which is working so fifty thousand dollars per month is not a bad thing you know
they already have a product market fit they need to scale it up uh with more so they will need more
sales people they will need automation they will need follow-up system they will need the process
and very tight integration with the technology for them to scale this up so that's something i can bring
it up in a couple of months once yeah well and you could approach it like you could do it you know
percentage above their base right so if they're doing 50 grand a month now then you could say you
know hey you know i would like two two or five percent of anything above 50 grand that's generated
through this back-end process that i'm building for you or something certainly doesn't hurt to ask but
yeah it's hard to ask but i i don't think so if i can show that value then the amount of growth
he's going to have it's substantial because it's not going to add that much cost incrementally they
are right right i think so yeah yeah uh let's see uh that bargain acquisition but thanks for bringing
that up i so far didn't think that i mean didn't discuss that but we might be analyzing in uh next
couple of days so that should be uh let's see let's see if that pitch works cool
uh all right so nothing pressing because if not let me see what p i mean i'll stay on with you
after yeah so i just wanted to say hello man it has been gone so awesome cool what's up peter hey
you guys are talking about i still have these little stupid questions it's all good man
um let me give my mic plugged in a second
okay um the i'm still not getting anything back from my site into tracking and so john was talking
about um pixel your site as a wordpress um plugin so this is this is all time like nothing has budged
still no ads to cart no facebook ads to cart or no um what we installed uh wednesday or whatever
no purchases and i put that on the purchase page and i've had purchases since then so it's not coming
from the custom conversions or from the um whatever those snippets are so is is the is the conversion
api uh like a whole different deal or um i'm just looking for alternatives or troubleshooting yeah so the
conversion api basically you know when an order is processed will actually send that information uh over
uh sends it to to api to sends it to facebook basically server to server um so yeah i haven't
heard of this particular script but uh it certainly would be would be worth it but it's very weird man
because like we when we tested it certainly that right that event is firing so let's just go into events
manager so conversions api that's what we did with the other site with um going from convertkit to
zapier to facebook was that kind of a zap intermediary version of that uh that is one way to do it but
remember we gotta we gotta you gotta capture all those variables and be able to pass them over yeah
uh which is potentially what that plugin's doing so now so look man so it's so it says yeah i had to
the car was last received five hours ago purchase was last received 20 hours ago so
if it's not tracking it at the campaign so i don't think it's i don't think it's an installation issue
right like the events are fiery yep uh click on view details for that purchase one was real one was me
right but go to go to where it says data source change data source to url
right and so those are the right pages right yeah this is at least the thank you pages why
browser pixel why is there three here and two here are these uniqueness probably
okay like it was probably you might have been you on the uh on the post page twice right yeah um
and so and so therein you know it's potentially a problem of it being embedded on the page because of
the the way the the editor loads it fires the pixel but all right so this is but this is how i would
check to see okay is it firing on the right pages and stuff uh which appears to be uh
windows nt who the hell still uses windows nt
uh all right anyways and um
so yeah so i think at this point it definitely warrants a uh try trying to spin a ticket to
facebook and be like okay pixels firing events are firing the cam it's not tracking to the campaigns now
what that may mean is that either a somebody engaged in the campaign and tracking was lost because they
were on ios or whatever and they have do not track on uh or that the people that have visited that
campaign haven't interacted with the campaign within the attribution window that's
i mean meaning you know meaning somehow that order came in from somewhere else
or it came in from an email but it was you know if your attribution window is set to like three days
and they bought on the fourth day but facebook's not going to show that as an add to cart or
yeah i mean everything is instantaneous we don't have any email follow-up or anything
um and there's enough of these
cart ones that those shouldn't some of those that they should have come through
why am i not seeing anything here data source
all right so somehow it's talking to facebook but facebook doesn't know to connect it to the
campaign that's that's what appears to be happening and this um
um pixel your site or some so what i is it should i be thinking in terms of member press functionality or
or wordpress functionality which kind of component within the website is going to be doing the
communication where's the checkout well i mean so for the opt-in obviously it's just them visiting
i don't have opt-in at this point okay so it's just sales page to add the cart page yep uh and
then the checkout happens through member press yes you know they have this membership thing
so you set up a deal here with the price
got it
and they don't have as far as i've seen there's no way to put
did we look at this yeah there's no way there's no way to put um a snippet into here
under advanced there's nothing
it seems a bit but that's but you probably that's technically not a page anyways like that's that's a
it's a product in the wordpress database that technically has a page associated with but it's
probably not a page that anybody actually visits um so really it's just it's just the add to cart page
and the thank you page like which we seem to be tracking uh
yeah and that may just be stats i don't know that that's necessarily pixel conversion but it might be
yeah and she doesn't have pro at this point
yeah and i'm gonna do that um so if i'm looking at conversions api what should i be searching for in
terms of connecting with this with the pixels deal potentially be the solution does that let me see
let me read what it says scroll down
and this only talks about woocommerce in this i don't know if that wouldn't work or
uh it might click on where it says for the facebook conversion api or enable and test api events
scroll down is it just a video or is there
scroll down
scroll down
yeah yeah i mean i mean it's worth a test especially if it's a cheap plugin and especially
given the chance that the facebook's not going to reply anytime soon
how much is it oh geez it's not that cheap
if i were you if i were you personally i would spend the extra well there was there was a 50 50
discount which you should probably grab next time um but you should grab the 10
the 10 website plan for 30 bucks more just because you're working with multiple clients right
yeah but i'm i'm this one she wanted to stay with with her own website so um
i don't generally work with wordpress sites i used i wanted to use drop funnels but she had enough
setup on this she didn't want to switch over as in drop funnels wordpress yeah but you don't deal with
plugins directly yeah that's all um yeah i don't think you can do any of that it's kind of uh formatted
already so i guess i could still uh but then if we do the zap thing with her i think she's using mailchimp
then we have to do all that crap with the code getting this the cooking all that right
yeah yeah then then you got to have that javascript and yeah
why isn't this easier
it's it's crazy how hard tracking is for everyone
what is c api c api is conversion api okay
and this probably requires pro
number press i would assume yeah we already talked about this all right go back to the search for
lorenzo go under any member let's see let's all add yeah try that
okay
um
that's what she's got
and and how do we know that it doesn't natively
does anything natively have the ability to get the cookie data
for wordpress not that i know of but click funnels does
and and if you click files does infusion does through eye tracker 360. i mean i mean that that plug-in is probably going to be your best bet
it's not cheap so i i would certainly try to contact facebook first
um why would zapier not be here is that like assumed or
uh i don't know
so it doesn't even talk about
facebook stuff much
again i don't think it's it's i don't i think member press is irrelevant to the to the equation
like it doesn't really matter it's
it's even though i mean even though it's member press that knows
the people and takes the orders and stuff
yeah because you know the the regardless i mean to some degree the advantage of a direct member
press integration would be being able to send the order total amount but
to just send the fact that an order occurred uh you can you can do that just based on them visiting a certain page
but the any api thing necessarily is going to do what we try what we try to do manually with the
getting cookie data and all that stuff or is that a different um
um the well any of the conversion api plugins yeah the conversion that conversion that plugin
will most likely do exactly what we did right it'll have it has the scripts built in to
to capture those those values that we need to capture and it will it will send it server side
from the wordpress server directly so it doesn't have to go to the crm so we were we were capturing it
yeah right on the wordpress server sending it to crm crm sending facebook that's what sent it
directly but yeah i mean it doesn't even have a
you'd think i mean remember i assume it's kind of one of the standard member
services of wordpress would you be surprised it doesn't have any facebook integration
uh yeah because most people are using you know wordpress is designed to be a blog not a funnel
builder and wordpress is built on the plugin model right like wordpress's core functionality is
publishing pages not anything else okay so it's not surprising to you
i mean you know so again if it had a woocommerce checkout i'm sure woocommerce has some sort of
but it's probably a plugin as well i mean they may have built it in by now but um you know and again
all this stuff has just changed in the past three months really so you gotta blame apple man
i mean i wonder if she she's been toying with getting the pro
you're looking for a solution in the wrong place like this well i i wondered if the pro might have
some of this built in uh yeah i doubt it okay i mean you could you could certainly check and ask them
but okay so this potentially would do it and maybe there's another plugin that does the same thing
uh yeah there might be another one that does the same thing um but it sounds like sounds like this is
the potentially the way to go and like i said i think it would be a more a more universal fix um
yeah pixel site customer labs
there's another walkthrough there that think basic thing and i guess another one potentially is is the um
a plugin that lets you put the snippet in in a more proper spot in the code
is that correct but that's not necessarily going to fix it's not actually going to prevent it from
rendering and triggering the conversion when you load the page in the editor
so so whether it's embedded in the page or whether it's in the the page code it may still trigger that um
so that plugin would would eliminate that potentially um but if you go back to that other search result
looked like there was potentially a uh the other one you had
that's that fifth the one underneath the youtube one looks like there's potentially a facebook for
wordpress plugin as well oh no above that uh this one no i'm going up well go ahead
that's also
for um
settings
so yeah so that's looking for what's what's doing the opt-in uh memory press ah gotcha
scroll down
yeah so that probably isn't the one that you're looking for
because it it's it's looking at the data that's coming into the order form it's not looking at pages
all right it looks like this particular plug-in is is integrating with both a form plug-in and a
checkout plug-in to to capture those two events so unless the opt-ins are going through one of
those forms and unless the conversion is going through word woocommerce it's not going to do
anything with it
are you what's what's within the landscape of of course hosting where would member press
be up there as a quality solution or is that kind of a
backwards um i i haven't heard anything bad about it i i don't personally know i mean most of the
people that we work with or that you know a lot of it depends on on crm that you're using right because
uh you know in general it's better to manage permissions and authentication inside the main
customer database which is typically your crm obviously i wouldn't do it in mailchimp but so
you know if you're using infusion or use an entreport or something like that or even click
funnels for that matter then you know all of that access permission stuff is in the same system
where their where their order is and all that kind of stuff so i mean and obviously that's true
for for member press as well right the um so i mean member press wishlist like there's nothing wrong
with those other than and if member press is probably potentially a little bit nicer in that
if it's also managing their transactions especially subscription transactions and it knows when a
payment fails and it can you know kick somebody out of the membership when their payment fails
like as long as it has that type of functionality then it's fine um but i would say that i would say
this to you in general in general like trying to build funnels on wordpress is always a pain in the
ass period like it's never easy there there's always issues like you would think the fact that it's custom
and you can build whatever you want there's a bazillion plugins like there's a reason click funnels
and cartra and those other things exist and are the dominant players and and is dry what have you
heard about drop funnels as getting the best of both worlds of using wordpress but but doing funnels
on top of that uh i mean i mean it's a good solution but i mean there's you know you can use drop funnels
you can use optimize press you can use cart flows like those are all wordpress solutions that all of them
to me have have limitations you know and and like i have a fundamental problem building a you know the
core part of my business on wordpress wordpress is gonna get hacked like i don't want all that data
exposed to a hacker right like it's too too risky for me like the membership site i'm fine to build a
the membership site in there because there's no real personal data there's no credit card data there's
not billing information like none of that stuff exists in just a content membership portal um it
all lives inside of infusion or whatever that's what i'm saying like keeping that stuff in a crm that is
not likely to get hacked uh and you know has the full dev team and engineers making sure it doesn't get
hacked where you know wordpress you're on your own and i i don't think i've ever had a single
wordpress installation that did not get hacked regardless of where i hosted it what i did word
fence all that stuff somehow these guys get in and so drop funnels is the same i'm just trying to
understand drop funnels what it's doing um is it is it providing that that um wall between hackers and
and what you're doing or no it's still work it's still wordpress at its core i mean it's just it's just a
theme and a plugin that overrides how wordpress looks and functions but the the surface area and
the areas of attack i mean look if there's so if i'm not sure if it takes it completely over like can
you still install wordpress plugins and drop funnels or no no you can't install any
yeah so i mean you might be a little bit more protected but by the same token then what's the
point of using wordpress like they should have just built their own site like no they just want
they just wanted you to host it and and take the hosting burden off their shoulders but um
but yeah i mean still at the at an underlying level you're still running on wordpress right so
if if there's a if there's a vulnerability in the wordpress core anywhere then a hacker could
still potentially get in and part of it depends on where you're hosting it like i will say it's like
since we've moved to kinsta for hosting we haven't had any problems or any hacks um but kinsta is not cheap
all right all right well sound like pixel my site is probably the best deal or else trying to convince
her to let let me work with drop funnels and then if she gets pro
can then i can send his app over to member press and so everything can still live over there but i just
have access to and i so i can all do all my sales analytics and stuff on my side but then she
because that the other idea was to just just for the minimum viable funnel duplicate the course and just
have i mean six videos so i was asking her if i could just post the course on drop funnels and kind
of have a parallel world just while i get my feet wet with this and she didn't want to do that
so if i can still do all my own interaction with the customer with the cold traffic stuff
zap it over to her then i don't really then i can do all my analytic stuff on my side without
the pixel and all that so i don't think you know just to be honest like
like i don't think that moving everything to drop funnels solves your problem i i mean now you still
gotta hack drop funnels like we did to make it all work like versus 160 plugin that should solve the
problem right like solve the problem the thing is remember how it does have um it's it has the api
built in and that's what we couldn't get to work for a while because it like made the
um the opt-in form not work and i'm i'm hoping if i revisit that that that could get
that we can fix that whereas
this isn't this is this a built-in api here
uh yes yep so that's what for whatever reason when i did that at first and then when i made the
form live when i clicked here it wouldn't go to the next step um and they they tried it they said it
was working for them they used my token and my token is working for them and my pixel id so maybe that
solving that whatever networking maybe that's the easiest way to do this
all right well i think at least only options now so
i think that's all i need oh man sorry sorry there wasn't an easy
all right thanks all right
all right
all right
