---
title: "Tech 2022-09-02 16:00:19"
date: 2022-09-02
duration: 18m
duration_seconds: 1133
vimeo_id: 745858832
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-09-02 16:00:19

**Date:** 2022-09-02 | **Duration:** 18m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey Hamza. Hey, Teddy, how's it going, man? How are you? I am good. I'm sorry.

I'm not in front of a computer. That's I just had a I I'm in Istanbul right now. I have to go meet my cousins for dinner nice seven o'clock here. So I'm trying to try to do the best. I can mesh Both Worlds together.

Um, so the only question I really have is My I'm sure you spoke to Michael. I said to different funnels in the marketing OS platform, right? And basically I ended up having to pay for the pro version and now I have to actually pay a bit more for Having more than a hundred contacts. So my Michael mentioned that you said that there's if it's one account one product one store one everything then you could have it under one domain but duplicate the pages. So when I tried to do that It wouldn't make the pages live.

or it wouldn't make the the second funnel live So I had to connect a second domain to it. Like I didn't really give me a choice. Gotcha. Yeah. So what I was saying was that within the funnel that you have.

You could basically just duplicate the funnel pages and kind of move them down a little bit within that same funnel and and then you could run. You know different different traffic. Same domain same funnel just different set of pages, but all the thing. Yeah. the bigger thing is, you know, I told Michael like I'm assuming you're gonna want all your contacts your automations in one system like all in place.

So you're not having a duplicate that so yeah, I guess the duplications already happened. So now I've got an email sequence firing that takes them to the the second funnel. So if they click on so people are opting in through the ads funnel, right that's project hard reset.com. And so people opt in through that and then the email sequence sends them emails to if they click on it. It's gonna take them to the Organic platform so I duplicate the products.

They're in stripe. There's two products. There's two stores. There's two of everything. Already done now.

So I'm wondering like is there any need to change it? Like is there like the only benefit I see from this is saving money, which I've already spent so aside from that what would be the difference? Well, so what I'm saying is like, you know, you're creating a lot of unnecessary duplication just for tracking purposes right like, you know to some degree. To some degree that the traffic will track automatically anyways, like the reporting will will know whether it's paid traffic or organic traffic to a certain degree. Now, you can certainly again you can certainly get much more specific on that by splitting it out.

But I don't think it makes sense for again. If you're selling the same thing to the same group of people. It doesn't make sense to have two databases of people to databases of products to databases of automations. Like you can do all that under one umbrella. And then just tag tag people differently based on which family I'm in from.

And you know have different automations sending them to different pages. But like even when you said like I wouldn't have the they come in from the paid traffic funnel. And then your emailing them to get them to go back and buy an back to the paid traffic funnel to go back in from what so Michael said that they don't want that to happen because it's gonna contaminate the the views and the clicks and all that. So they said that they didn't want any emails to go out and I'm just thinking because I'm in sales and marketing is what I do for nine to five as well something like these people just opted in and no one's like following up with them and I want to do that. So they said okay if you want to if you really want to do that, then you you send them to a different funnel.

One that is not attached to the paid. Uh, yeah. I'm not sure why he told you that I mean, I mean look you can do that. So you could have you could basically have a paid funnel right a paid set of pages that would tell you people that came in from Paid traffic converted immediately. You could have a second set of those pages or just even just a separate order form.

For people that came into that funnel that didn't buy they can go to a different order form to buy that way, you know, you converted them from email and then you can have a third set of pages for organic traffic. and same same thing like the organic traffic and then either opt into the same email campaign and go to that same order page where you're tracking it as if they bought because email so just really kind of depends how you want to see the data more so than than anything else. Honestly, man, like I just want to sell okay. I really don't care much about data, but the way I saw it or the way, it was explained to me was don't mess around with the paint traffic. So I got a different domain which kind of worked out because it's a nice domain.

Okay, it's hard reset method.com coaches what it is. The hard reset method is what we're selling, right? And so now I'm like going live and doing reals and stuff every day. So I'm actually getting people to opt in through the organic. Like clicking on my reels and going and opping in and watching the videos.

I've got some data there now too. Okay, so it's already happened. I guess my question is is it worth now for me to get rid of the second domain because I kind of want to keep it was just and just to be clear like you can have you can have multiple funnels with multiple domains and still have every all the contacts and automations under one account. So that's still what's happening. Right?

So the the people that are opting in from the organic funnel that same email sequences firing to them and all the people that opted in for the paid funnel. I just started the sequence and the only difference is that if they click it takes them to the exact same identical page, but the different domain so if there's any value in changing that I can do that, but aside from that, I don't think I'm doing anything else. Yeah, so what I'm so not in terms of the way the pages are structured none of that would change. All right, I'm saying is right. Now the way you have it structured there's a there's a unique database for funnel a and there's a unique database for funnel B, right that don't talk to each other right intercept and there's no there's no need for them to be separate you can have how do I combine that?

Yeah, I get it into if you want me to go in there dude, like I can just go in there and and adjust it for you. I've got admin access so I can that's what you want to do. Then I could just kind of murder. Yeah, because I feel like because I just paid another $25 a month for now having 500 contacts. Yeah that you have to pay for but you should have to pay for two funnel.

Like I can you're on the business plan, I believe so. Yeah, I had to upgrade and it wouldn't let me go live with two separate funnels at all that upgrading so I guess what's done is done now. I can I can adjust it man. Let me adjust it out for you kind of get it sorted out. The the new funnel doesn't have a whole lot of contacts or anything just yet.

Does it? No, it only has like five or six contacts the new funnel perfect, but I've been on like sort of like a organic campaign that here click this link watch this video. So I I on Saturday tomorrow. I'm doing another live. I have a community of like 800 people and I'm doing this this live Workshop thing which is all about the hard reset method and in the end it's gonna be a sales pitch.

So I was planning on using that video for the second on the second funnel just to see like if it's if there's any if anything different happens, right? So as long as both videos are exactly the same I see no point in having two funnels, but as of tomorrow, I hope you know, assuming that it goes well that it's gonna be live and there's gonna be participation and it's gonna look like a live call. I wanted to just test that out to see if you know that can sort of get more sales or a sale because we don't have any right now. So if you were planning on just like eliminating the second funnel completely I would maybe keep it for now and maybe like next week after I've added the video to see if it makes any difference we could do that. If there's any way you can save money save me money on the contact.

That would be cool that I can't change. Unfortunately that that yeah, I think you would have been able to change is to go back to what was it forty nine dollars a month from I think you'd still you'd still be on the business plan. Let me just check. I think the business plan is what gets you basically this is playing get you one website and like six funnels. No, sorry.

Yeah, this is my get you one website five funnels six domains. Right, so that gives you that's the one up from the starter plan that I upgraded to. So, can you see what I'm I paid like 70 something can a US dollars or about a hundred Canadian? But that was like some of that was prorated and then for an entire month as well. Yeah, I think so.

You're basically at 62 dollars month a month, then that includes basically. Yeah, that includes a hundred contacts and then if you want more contacts. Are again check the pricing on the contacts, but that that's a fixed pricing. I can't adjust that. Anyway.

Okay, no problem. The other thing is I was talking to Michael and he mentioned the whole unique viewers on Vimeo. I think were you able to ever look into that like unique impressions versus unique viewers or I remember something along those lines, you know, so the only thing I could tell you is you're not the only person having the issue because there's a Christian who's also in the program was on the call last week and he was kind of seeing the same thing. So he's on click funnels like it's a different platform the whole thing Vimeo seems to be showing that same kind of, you know, he had like here 200 Page views and like a hundred Impressions on the videos like 50% of the actual page views, we're showing, you know, I don't know if there's just something wrong with their analytics or their stats, you know, the only option would be to kind of you you can set up a wasting account that you can get three videos for free wistia and kind of move it over there and see just different Whiskey has been Wishy has been doing video stats longer than Vimeo. So that's okay.

Yeah, I mean. I didn't pay for the year for Vimeo and I'm glad I didn't so there's a need to switch we can do that. But aside from that like anything else that I need to know about the tech that because our video loading fine. Like are there any issues there like we're able to look at both? Yeah, I mean, so we, you know, we I ran a speed test for them on the site.

I mean the site scores basically a plus 100% loads in like less than two seconds. So, you know super fast. I don't see any latency issues or anything like that. Where's it is your traffic domestic or International? International our traffic is coming from the UK like 75% of it is coming from the UK.

They love to drink. Yes the audience that in Ireland. Yeah. Yeah. No, we're doing UK US and Canada only so sorry.

I guess it's a free throw over here sitting on one of these things here on the side of the road. It's crazy. That's not what I pictured. Justin border look like he looks like I mean, I'm in a place called karakoy, which is there like I'm right at the in the hill that the galada tower is on. So there's like very very narrow, but you know, Dogs cats bikes cycle like what advice and cabs.

It's all in an AM Pakistani. So like it's like it reminds me of home because that's what I grew up with. yeah, so no, so all of our traffic is US Canada and UK and like the big overwhelming majority is the UK. So, I don't know if that makes a difference. No, I mean it shouldn't make a difference.

I mean, it's all low balance cross cloudflare anyways, and like I said, the page speeds were super fast. So yeah, I would just I would just compare I would set up a whiskey free whiskey account test that out see if see if that fixes The Impressions issue, but that's the only thing I can think it could be good doesn't make sense that it wouldn't load the video. That many, you know for it to be off that much based on the page views you're getting in the speed of the bait. Okay. The other thing is the I wanted to add a payment option to the offer.

So 497 one time or you you can pay like in two goes. How do I set that up? So you can set up basically two products. So set up the second product and whatever different pricing you want either either a single pay or you can set up a recurring payment for When you set up the product and then you just add both products to the order form and they can choose. Okay.

So I can I guess I can get get to that. All right, cool. So that seems easy enough if I need some help. Maybe can I shoot you an email? If you shoot me an email or pick me or whatever I will be out most the next week.

But but other than that or you can always hop on these calls, you know when you're not kind of out and about and we can just do a screen share and dive in and go fix stuff to. Sounds good, my man. All right. Well, thank you very much. Enjoy.

I know it's only what 12 o'clock. Are you in eastern Time or yeah. Yeah, it's new. Yeah, you're nice and I'm about to go and enjoy the nightlife and it's not it's gonna be it's gonna be fun. He's a little crazy nightlife.

I mean to be fair like I haven't I can't stay up past twelve o'clock anymore. So, you know like it's but I am I did a wild-ass road trip we went from Istanbul a thousand kilometers South all the way to Bodrum. Oh and there is a there's like multiple cities that we hit up on the way so it was like a six day road trip with my 769 year old that in 58 year old mom. Oh, you're just driving and the craziest thing is that they say that the highway you like the speed limit is 120 and I was doing 180 in in a hybrid Corolla. Okay, that's as fast like that's it.

That's all it can do and I was getting past over by Mercedes out here BMWs and like if I'm doing 180 and I had the Speed with which you're passing me. You have to be doing 220. Like what the hell is this GPS tells you that okay. It's gonna take you five hours and it it bases all of that. On the speed limit, right?

Okay, that's the speed limit. So we had a five and a half hour drive from this place called near back to Istanbul. With two stops, I did it in four hours with two stops Okay, and like it's just crazy how nobody gives us flying s***. Like no one here. No one just you're just booking it down.

So that was a lot of fun. That was that was a hell of a road trip like, you know, but 2,000 kilometers Brown trip. I just wish I had like a like an actual like gas powered car and yeah exactly right. Thank you a bunch of money and get you get your nice Maserati or something. Well, I rented that.

I have a nice humble thing about a Camry at home everything that's But okay man, sounds good, Teddy. Thank you so much. I'll set up the the payment plan and then it all goes. Well, I mean it shouldn't be an issue. But yeah, thanks for taking the call.

I guess I thanks for taking the call. And then yeah, I'll see yeah. Yeah, and if you ever get stuck anything in there, dude, just let me know. Like I said I can I have access so I can hop in for you. It sounds good.

Alright, cool. Alright. Peace. right
