---
title: "Tech 2021-09-17 15:59:27"
date: 2021-09-17
duration: 2h 26m
duration_seconds: 8764
vimeo_id: 607677267
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-09-17 15:59:27

**Date:** 2021-09-17 | **Duration:** 2h 26m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm good. How are you guys?

Good, thanks. Missed you Wednesday. Was it Wednesday? Yeah, it was Wednesday. Sorry.

I was expecting to see your face. Everything okay? Yeah, I took my wife to Maroon 5. So that is crazy. Guess who's going to Maroon 5 on October 2nd?

Oh, it's a good show. You're going to enjoy it. My birthday is October 1st and a couple of my girlfriends called and they're like, guess where you're going on October 2nd? And I'm like, where am I going? They're like, you're going.

We're going to go stare at Adam Levine for a couple hours. I'm like, oh, nice. I'm in. Anyway. Hi, James.

It was. Oops. What happened? Oh, can you still hear me? Yeah, I can hear you.

All right. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. No, it was definitely, definitely a good show.

You know, it's, it's Maroon 5. So it's like every song is a, is a hit. Pretty much. You're like, oh, I like that one. And then I'm like, oh, I like that one.

Oh, that's a good one. Cause yeah, their songs are good. Good deal. Amy, you can go ahead. I have a few questions.

Are you sure? Cause yeah, it really doesn't matter. Okay, cool. For me anyway. And I don't have an, I don't have a solution for the, for the upsell shipping thing.

Oh, that's okay. I think honestly, I think it's going to be a ship station question if they can make it happen. And basically I figured out that it's quicker than I thought it was. Like, I'm not going to, if, if it doesn't work out and ship stations and then it may, but if it doesn't, then I'm just going to delete the 1199s. Like from the, you know what I mean?

Like I'll know. And I'll just mark a note in the 2799. You know what I'm saying? Like, and just delete, like, I don't, they're going to see a tracking notification. So I'm not concerned.

So it might be a tiny bit of manual work. I'm just letting you know how my stopgap measure is going, but I'll keep you posted if I figure out. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll keep looking around as well.

And then my question for you now, what I need to do hopefully with you today is set up my Facebook pixel. Okay. For the funnel. Cause I don't have any of that set up. I only have a pixel for my website.

Yeah. I can definitely guide you through the basics of it. I am. You're better off talking to John to some degree about setting up the custom, you know, events and conversions and all that kind of stuff. But we can certainly talk about my, my guy, my Sergio is his name.

Um, might tell me specifically what he wants, but just getting it set up. Just, just adding it to the funnel itself is pretty straightforward. Cool. You want me to share my screen? Okay.

So I've got, you know, my account open and my click funnels. Oh, didn't log into it. Just kidding. Okay. So now I am logged into both.

Okay. Okay. Uh, yeah. So go into Facebook. Oh my gosh.

Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh, and let's see. Uh, they keep changing the freaking admin in here.

Uh, go to, uh, click on the pixel ID. See if that brings it up. I can't remember where the actual code, where they give you the code. Sorry. Okay.

So this is my Shopify pixel. Do I need to add a new one? Uh, well, so, so I guess, no, you don't need to add a new one, but I do see you have two there. Right. Um, this would be the one I think.

You potentially. Yeah. So, I mean, if you want to be able to kind of, you know, retarget this funnel, for instance, to people that visit the Shopify store, then. Okay, cool. Okay.

Uh, and then, so, yeah, on the right there, click on the ID number for a minute. See if that brings, is that just going to copy the clipboard? Okay. That's all I want. Uh, go to open an events manager.

Is it in here? Scroll down. Okay. Okay. Now, so what's the domain on the click funnels?

Dot shop. Dot. All right. So you probably want to add that there. So big little, on our websites, add big little b dot shop.

How do I add it? Oh, uh, click on maybe manage integrations. Manage. Oh, okay. Okay.

So, uh,
Uh,
Huh. That's weird. Try it again. Yeah, I know. What, what, what happens when you go to settings?

Let's go down. Let me look at something for a second, please. Maybe we use this one. Let me see something. That one seems to have more.

Yeah. Then this is, maybe this is the one. Got it. Got it. Okay.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Look at that. Okay.

Um,
So let me try manage integrations. No, still not letting me do anything. Let me try settings. Yeah, this is the one I set up. Yep.

This is the one. This is the one. This is the one. Uh, it'll be his pixel. Great.

Then. All right. So click on the green drop down thing. See if it's got the code is. Uh, no, we don't need to do any of that.

Go under diagnostics. Diagnostics. Diagnostics. Oh, okay. Where the heck is the code?

Hang on a minute. I apologize. I haven't been in here. Oh, please. I learned this way.

So that's great. Let me bring it up on my end and find it. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.

. . Okay. . Okay.

. . All right, so we're in data sources. We want to go to the advanced manager, which I think you can go under data sources. Pixels, no, that's kind of the same thing.

Events, let me see, look, pictures, you're welcome to take control of my screen if it
will help you. If I knew where it was. Let me see where we can find. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. All right, what the heck, Facebook. All right, what the heck, Facebook.

All right, you know what, really all I need is the pixel ID. Let's get to the pixels. Mm-hmm. So this was the big B, little B's pixel. Yeah.

And just click on that ID and copy the ID. Okay, so copy that code that I just put in the chat. Okay. And well, yeah. And then you're going to replace that.

See the number, the pixel ID that's in this code, the 3512. It's in two spots. Replace that with your pixel ID. So just copy it to like Notepad or something. Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

So just copy it to like Notepad or something. Mm-hmm. that uh let's see the number the pixel id that's in this code the 3512 it's in two spots replace
that with your pixel id so just copy it to like notepad or something and then grab the pixel id
again yeah and where is it going uh right there where it's in here right and then again here right
okay all right now copy that whole thing go and click funnels and go into the funnel
don't you like that probably my whole funnel for the rest of my life is going to be called ogs
the og the teddy funnel uh go under settings
and under head tracking code you've already got some code in there you can expand that box by
dragging the little corner there see oh i see uh what's that thing for
yeah i'm not sure what that code's for it's for something oh that might be lucky orange or
something yeah it's okay oh there it is yeah hello yeah all right so yeah just paste paste this code
right put yeah a couple lines paste it right below
there you go uh
yeah go down to the bottom
so that's pretty much it in terms of adding the code now your um your facebook guy will
set up conversion tracking one of two ways he'll either give you some code to add to like the oto
page because that would be the page after they've purchased right so that would be the page that
indicates a purchase um i don't know if he'll know where we should be putting things so i might have to
i don't think he's very familiar with click funnels so right well so there i mean there's two ways to set up
conversion events there's one which is to to send a purchase event uh which we can do on that page
or the other way is for him to say basically when i whenever anybody visits this url and you just give
them the page the url to the oto page um that he would track that as a conversion i think i think that
i want to give him something to start you know what there's actually a new way to do this inside
of click funnels now let's go under um go under just click on your name top right
go under account settings i forgot they added this uh go down to integrations on the left hand side
click on add new integration there should be a facebook one yep
uh let's just put facebook ad account
uh and then connect integration
yes right yes that's correct
okay uh and then
i think what you need so you have two you have multiple ad accounts though so you want to put
in your ad account id in that box okay um
so this this one is the one click click where it says ad accounts in the menu on the left
ad accounts there it is yeah that's the one big b little b all right so grab that id right there
and paste that into uh click funnels
in there yep
update yep
great and then go back into the funnel
and go to the oto page
and edit it
and then under settings
and then under settings
facebook pixel
uh
i'm saying not connected
um you may have to connect it to the funnel
uh
go to the fun yeah exit funnel settings
in the blue bar no oh sorry okay
i'm
Go back under the account settings, under integrations, click on that. Hang on. While you're looking, what's a follow-up funnel or a backpack?

Just been looking at these terms. Yeah, so when ClickFunnels first launched, they were trying to kind of be a little bit of all tools in one kind of thing. So follow-up funnels is kind of their email marketing CRM thing. And then Backpack is their affiliate tracking kind of tool. It's just like I've been staring at them like, what are those things?

I was just looking at your website, Amy. I like the scrubby. I'm going to have to get one of those for my son. Oh, how old is your son? He's 10.

Oh my goodness. Oh, you're so good. Thank you so much. Instead of the puffy. You know, I hate those puppies.

Send me, put your, drop your address. Well, I guess it's being recorded. So send me a form on the website with your address. I'll send them one. Okay.

Yeah. Awesome. Thank you. I was like, I would say pop your mailing address in the chat, but then I think the recording would see that. So probably not, you know what I'm going to do.

I'm going to send you to, I'm going to send you the original scrubby size. I'm going to send you the big scrubby. And then I'm going to ask you which one he likes better. Cause I'm curious about his age group very specifically. Cause I do see, you know, I get a lot of questions.

Um, that particular age, 10 and 11 is hard for me to answer which size. So I'll send you both. Yeah. No. And maybe you'll give me feedback.

That's a good age group. I think actually for that, um, it's perfect because you never know if they're cleaning themselves. Oh no. That's like, that's the age group. That's like, it's funny.

Cause like we target so much younger and hold all that, but I'll never, I have an older brother
and I'll never forget. Um, I'm from New York and it's very big to go to sleep away camp for the whole summer. And I'll never forget him coming home at like 11 years old or something. And he had, my mom thought he had like a birthmark that appeared in his, like here. And it was just dirt.

Cause he hadn't like cleaned effectively like all summer long. And I remember her like, how could you, did you want to use soap? It was like. Yeah. Yeah.

Funny childhood memories. My brother did not wash well all summer long. All right. Uh, so go into, go back to Facebook business manager. Where we were.

Where we were. I want to go back to the pixels. And, uh, click on that pixel, open it in events manager. Uh, click on settings. Uh, and scroll down.

Uh, set up. Uh, no, uh, no down below where it says conversions API set up manually click that generate access token. Copy that. All right. And now go back to click funnels, uh, account settings, which you're in.

Yeah. Oh, sorry. Uh, go to domains. Oh, domains. Huh?

Okay. And click on that. Expand the Facebook conversion pixel. And add. And select Facebook.

And pixel. What was the, this was big, big little. Yeah. Copy the token. I mean, it's the token.

Yeah. Save. Save. Great. And now go back to the page.

Which page? Sorry. Uh, the OTO page. Oh. There we go.

Edit page. Mm-hmm. I remember. Okay. Uh, settings.

Facebook pixel. Yep. Hey. And then under event. Select purchase.

Uh. Am I not seeing it? Oh. Oh, you might not have created a purchase event on your pixel, which is weird. Well, if I put add to cart, this is the upsell.

So, I mean, if they added it to their cart, that's all there is. Right? Yeah. Add to cart would be what you would put on the order form page, actually. You should have a pert.

I don't know why he doesn't have a purchase event set up for you, which is very strange. Like, how does he track purchases on your main site? So, you might have to check with him, like, what event he's using. Um. You could certainly go to the order form page, though, and put the add to cart event on that
page.

At least. I just want to. What event. And then where we found this was. Okay.

So, I need to put it. Whatever. Uh. On OTO page. Page under settings.

Settings. Right. Pixel. Pixel. Okay.

Just so I know if he says it, I can do it. Um. Okay. So, sorry. I go to the order form.

I go to edit page. And then I go to settings. And then I go to Facebook pixel. And then I go pick an event. And I pick add to cart.

Correct? Yeah. Either add to cart or initiate checkout. Initiate checkout. Coolio.

And then. Isn't there a same thing here or. Yeah. Just click out. Click on the page.

Click out of it and then save. Okay. But yeah. That's pretty much it though. Okay.

Cool. Okay. Right on. I have to make some tiny edits to the funnel per Paul's, you know, guidance yesterday and
then it's done. Good to go.

Good to go. Well done for now until we start seeing what happens. Right? Awesome. Yep.

Aren't you proud of me though? I'm excited for you. Aren't you? I'm going forward without perfection here, dude. You are.

You are going for that perfection. You got, you got Jade as your first customer and your new funnel. Okay. Okay. My friends, I'm going to participate quietly over here.

Okay. Awesome. Listen and learn. Thank you so much. You're welcome.

All right. How's it going, Eric? All right. I'm glad I'm able to join the call again. Um, uh, I had one thing I wanted to show you that I had asked a question about and I figured
out because you didn't have an answer and I thought, you know, always good to help share
the knowledge.

And then the other things I have a tracking thing I'm trying to figure out. And I, you know, maybe you can help. So, uh, uh, am I up, you know? Yeah. Well, I, Jade's got a bunch of stuff she wants to go over.

So if yours is, um, all right. So, uh, if I can share my screen, um, uh, here. Okay. So the challenging thing is related to our funnel, um, our strategy session funnel. I'm going to show you that in a minute.

Uh, but the question I had last time, which was a couple of weeks ago, I guess, was if
you have a very complex Google sheet, um, and you want to be able to collapse it down,
you know, to be able to sort of see only certain columns and then, you know, like expand. Right. And you said, well, the only thing you can think of was smart sheet and only for rows and not
for columns. But I did a little search for grouping columns or collapsing and expanding columns or, you
know, in Google. And it turns out it's built right in, you know, so if I take these columns here and, um, let's see,
I think, right.

Click on this. And I say group them. You can see this little, um, minus there. And so then I can collapse it and expand it. Um, and so if I wanted to say the show rate was the most important one.

Uh, let me just say, uh, remove the group and say that, um, uh, you know, the, from, uh,
see, take just these four columns, um, here in grouping them. Um, and then, uh, so now I can, you know, just have the show rate, you know, and so I can do
that for all of these guys and you can see how it's also multiple stuff. So here I can collapse that a whole section and expand, you know, expand it. So you just basically highlight the headers and you can do it with rows as well. Um, and you just right click and say group, and then you get, you know, this, and it has
at least two levels.

I don't know if it might, might have a third, you know, might allow you to go. Yeah. I think as you add other groups, that top one will always collapse everything down to. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, what I, we can have other groups horizontally. I don't know that you can have more hierarchy, you know. Gotcha. Right. I mean, maybe you can't anyway.

So that was an interesting thing because obviously this, this sheet is getting longer
and longer and longer, you know, and I, and it's not, it's not even done. You know, I, I, I've started, you know, as with the new idea to fill in some more data
here, um, uh, you know, just in the August timeframe. So yeah, the other option too, which by the way, I didn't think about it. So, and I kind of knew about that, but I totally forgot about it. Um, but the, you know, the other potential thing you could do would be to have each webinar
kind of on its own sheet.

And it looks like you have an overall sheet. That's kind of rolling everything up. Yeah. And have things equals, you know, or pulling, pulling data. Yeah.

Yeah. I'm familiar with that, but I wanted to be able to, well, anyway, this is, this is going
to give me that, um, you know, option, uh, that I, that I wanted. Um, all right. So, uh, in terms of the, the tracking thing, that's tricky. Um, so let's see paper form.

So we're using, um, paper form, uh, we've tried different things for, um, lead capture. Um, so for strategy sessions, so on our, um, click funnels page, uh, we have, you know,
traditionally for the strategy session, we've had a two-step, uh, process one where they
just a simple pop-up with contact information saying, yeah, I'm interested in booking a call. And then a second one that went to our, you can book me, um, uh, pick a time and fill in
a questionnaire. So the questionnaire was reasonably lengthy to qualify people. And, uh, you know, and we found that there was a certain percentage that didn't follow
through, you know, so we had there are step one abandonment, um, you know, with the follow-through
saying, Hey, it looks like you didn't book your time, you know, et cetera.

Um, and we had at least had their contact information now. Um, but overall the percentage of people who look at the page and said, yeah, I want to
book one was lower than we thought it could, uh, could be. And paper form is interesting because, uh, it's one of these ones I'll just demonstrate,
um, uh, here, um, where, when you're doing it, you're only seeing part of the form, you know,
so, uh, let's see, I'm a established solo practice. I'm an owner click here, you know, now we're seeing some more stuff and, you know, you can
have a progress bar. Um, you know, so it's, it's very slick.

Uh, you know, it's not the only tool that does that, but it, it works nicely. It works nicely. Now, um, let's see. So this one, uh, this is the, uh, go back to the dashboard. Okay.

So, uh, one of the things in their dashboard is, so for example, one of our most successful
ones that we've just set up the last couple of months, um, was we adapted our, uh, lead
magnet opt in for a flow chart. So basically it's a, an over overview flow chart of how a marketing system can be set up for
an architect. Um, and, uh, so if I click here on 133 submissions, um, you know, so here are, you know, people
two today and three yesterday and, you know, for the day before, um, so this is just one
of our funnels there. And if I go to analytics, we'll see that in the last, um, I guess this is overall since
we launched it a couple of months ago or something like that. You know, we've got, uh, 1,048 viewers, 335, um, you know, almost 30%.

Uh, so this is on the thank you page of the lead magnet. So they said, yeah, this, I'd like to get that flow chart. And then the thank you pages, congratulations. You're going to learn some great stuff. Watch this video.

The video says you're going to learn some great stuff, but if you want some help book
a call, you know, et cetera. Right. So 30% starting to fill that in, you know, and then over 10%, you know, you can see 1,048
over 10% submitted the form, which means they've already gone through the questionnaire, which
has the qualification. So it's way much higher than we've ever had before for that. The problem is, um, that then, you know, we look at this and I don't know, something
like 50% of them are actually going to the book, uh, booking form and picking a time.

And we've got that down, um, with no friction, basically they get put a calendar, they get
to pick a time and then it pre-fills most, you know, the contact information. Again, we pass it along. So there's maybe only one or two things they have to fill in. So it's very low friction there. Now, certainly some of these people are going, Oh, you know what?

I really don't want to do it. I I'd waste their time or I don't have the time for this, you know, or, you know, maybe
it's, I don't, there are calendar slots, aren't, you know, suitable, et cetera. Um, but the bigger issue, um, that we're finding is that the, we've made it so easy for people
to do this and we've sort of made it so enticing the value of the call that our, our closer is
now booked three weeks out three to four weeks out. So appointments are way, you know, further, uh, out than they should be. Cause you know, people get cold.

Um, and there are a lot of unqualified people, you know, people saying, yeah, I'm going to
start up my own firm probably next year. And I just wanted to, you know, sure. I'd like to know the game plan, you know, what, what I should be thinking about. Right. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. So, so we're, so that, that sort of sets the context. So one of the things that we're, um, we've re-instituted or we are going to in this, um, uh, this particular, um, version of it. And by the way, so here is each screen full, you can see the little, um, separator lines, you know, um, and in the final one, we have to help you achieve your goals.

You're open to getting coaching and ongoing support. Uh, so yes, I'd like to get expert help. Yes. I'm interested, but it's going to be a while maybe, or no. Um, you know, so what we're going to be doing is if they say, no, I like doing things myself.

We're going to segment them out to offer them a group call, um, as opposed to a one-on-one. So, you know, if half the people are unqualified, you know, and I think that might be the case, they won't get, they won't book one-on-one calls, you know. Um, so we're going to do, uh, that. And then the next question here is similar, you know, uh, how willing and able are you to invest time, money, and energy? I'm ready and willing.

I can get the resources or right now I don't have time. I can't do anything, you know, so that would be another disqualifier. Right. Um, so we're going to deploy this and I'm sure that'll reduce the number of people who, well, it'll filter more people. And, uh, either they'll abandon because those questions are, you know, a little bit intrusive, you know, um, or they'll, um, or they'll go in, but they'll be segmented into the group calls.

Um, so now the, the, uh, the question I have in terms of tracking, um, is, uh, the analytics, as I said, you know, so we can see up through step one, what we call step one, where they basically filled in the questionnaire. We have their contact information, but they haven't gone to the, um, booked the, the call. Um, and I can't really tell, you know, the results here in a through line now in infusion soft, where we keep track of, you know, all this stuff. Um, I'll just, ooh, makes me have a new password. I hate when it does that.

Yeah. Uh, by the way, do you have any comment, but while I, you know, figure out a new password here, um, do you have any comments on what I showed you there? Uh, no, other than, yeah, like, so, so we use response suite instead of, uh, paper form. Uh, and part of the reason we use, used response suite was the ability to route to a different thank you page based on answers to the questions. So, you know, if they answered one of those disqualifying questions, uh, with an answer that, you know, we didn't want them to book, uh, then they got routed.

They didn't, they never got routed to the calendar page at all. They got routed to a different page, either for the E5 camp masterclass, which is the home study version or, you know, some other offer that was more, more relevant to where they were at based on, on what they told us. Um, so we do have that. So before you go on, we do have that in paper form. Uh, it's, they call it, you know, dynamic routing and it's, you know, you can set up rules and I haven't implemented this particular variation, but I have set it up.

Uh, where am I paper form? I'll just show you very briefly. So if I go to the, um, editing of this, uh, so, uh, so this one, the new one, the test here, I say edit in the, um, after submission, uh, success pages and redirects. We say, if, uh, there's two rules here. If, um, uh, if they say, if they don't say, um, Oh, I must've changed the answer.

If I don't say I like doing it myself or, um, right now I don't have the time and money. Uh, let's see if, if, if they don't say this, then they're going to go to the page that they get a one-on-one call, um, here, you know, so it's probably very much the same as what you, um, what you have. What you have. So yeah, you go on. That was, uh, so you have that in, what was the tool that you use?

Uh, we, we use our response suite response suite. Yeah. And is that, does that have questionnaire stuff? Yeah, it's exactly the same thing. Um, looks like it probably has a little bit better reporting.

Cause you can definitely change the date ranges and stuff to see, you know, for specific specific date range, what the, uh, uh, what the results were. Uh, and it also has direct integration with infusion. So all the mapping of custom fields and all the tagging, uh, as a direct integration to infusion. Um, okay. So, um, so let me write down what, uh, the, uh, that tool, cause you know, I would certainly consider spending.

I assume. Yeah. Okay. Um, so, uh, you know, if, if it, if it works better than, you know, we'll just switch over, but we've got a lifetime deal for paper form from, you know,
Yeah. Responsibility isn't cheap.

I can tell you that. Um, we got it. We got, we're friends with them. So we got to count, but, but in terms of functionality, but I mean, look, if you got it up and it's working and you're using Zapier or whatever to integrate, like there's, you know, you don't have to change. I'm just saying it's, it's natively built in.

Yeah. I'm, I'm getting, I'm getting the, the, the data into infusion soft and into Slack, you know, notifications and things like that. Um, but, but here's the integrate, here's the analytic question. Um, so let's see, this is flow chart. Well, um, uh, so in infusion soft, our flow chart to game plan call, um, here.

Um, okay. Right now, uh, we have, uh, a thing, you know, sending out emails to promote the flow chart. We're also running ads. Uh, if they opt in, they, you know, get the flow chart, um, uh, email, here it is. And if they, uh, if they haven't already said you're also running ads, we are also running ads.

And do the ads go to one of those opt-in forms or they, yeah, they go into this, the same flow chart, uh, thing. And we've got UTM source to, you know, differentiate. Yeah, no, I just make sure. I just want to make sure that that tag goal was five, was the tag was being applied somewhere outside this campaign. It's not marked as well.

So this opted in for flow chart. It would be, um, if they opt in on, on that page, they'll go and get the flow chart. Um, and then we have a few emails that basically say, uh, you know, book, uh, we recommend you book a game plan call. You know, so if they don't opt in, uh, on the thank you page, they get, you know, a few more within the following few days, um, there. Sure.

Now, uh, we have book game plan call as a goal and that's set from, um, the, uh, when they book an appointment and you can book me, um, through Zapier, uh, it'll tell the main strategy session campaign that they booked. Uh, and of course then they get that automation and then the strategy session one looks to see, are they in this sequence? You know, where they, um, you know, are they tagged to say that they're receiving these emails? And if so, then, um, then market as a conversion for this campaign. And, uh, and then this just basically tags them as yes, they successful, you know, cause it's just a tracking thing.

Um, so, so there's some tracking within Infusionsoft and I'll just briefly show you the strategy session, um, uh, where that happens. Um, but the question is how do we tie it together? I can go in, you know, I don't know if there's a more efficient way to, to pull this data. Cause right now, um, what I have, so this is actually looking less. Well, put it last 30 days, um, here.

Uh, so if they come in through the paper form step one, so that's, you know, saying that they said, uh, well, yeah, I'm interested in the thing. And here's my information, dah, dah, dah. Um, do they actually, um, book, uh, a call? You can see here's 98, um, bookings. During this period.

Okay. So I can then, um, you know, look at, uh, this number and that number, but this is, this is grouping all the paper forms. You know, I could have a separate tag for each one of these and a separate goal. You know, I, I just don't know, but ultimately I can't, I can't really see how well, you know, I had so many conversions in paper form. I can't see in the backend in that same, uh, area, an easy way to, to tell how many completed the process.

Um, uh, you know, it just, we're tying together multiple tools and we can't get an easy overview. Right. Um, yeah. So there, there's two, two, two ways you could potentially do it. Right.

Uh, do you, do you use graphly? Mm-hmm. Okay. So, so in graph, we have graphly, I haven't been using it recently, but it's there. Yeah.

Gotcha. Yeah. It's a tag funnel chart, uh, whatever basically lets you define a series of tags and then we'll show you the conversion rate between those three tags. Right. So you have the, the main one for the opt-in, then the application completed, then the, uh, sort of the appointment scheduled.

And honestly, you'd probably have another one as to whether they actually showed up or not. Yeah. Yeah. It's attended, attended call. Um, so that, that's the easy way, easiest way to do it.

Uh, for sure. Especially if you already have graphly the, if you didn't have graphly, then I would say you would just build out kind of a very simple campaign that just has those four goals in it with sequences in between with nothing in the sequences. Just so you can see how many times the goals are, are being fired. And it's just those specific goals in that campaign. So you're not blending in all the paper forms.

You're blending in just that one specific paper. Okay. All right. I get it. Conceptually.

I'll have to see any limitations in graphly, but certainly I've used graphly enough to know. Yeah. All right. All right. Overview.

And in fact, that was one of the things I enjoyed looking at two or three years ago when we were first, you know, implementing that. But then, you know, we got focused on other things and we stopped doing the front or we stopped doing the focusing on self liquidating funnel stuff, which was a key part of it. How much, you know, are we spending and how much are we, you know, covering our costs. All right. All right.

I'll go back to that. All right. Well, that, I think you've given me a couple of clues. You said you put into chat that one, but you said that that's expensive and maybe, you know, what we've got is working. Yeah.

If it's working, if all the integrations are fine, if you're not hitting any limitations of what you're trying to do and can't do, I wouldn't change. I wouldn't change a tool just unless you have an issue with it or something that's not for you. All right. Great. All right.

Thank you. All right, Jade. Okay. Hi, Val. I see you lurking.

Yay. Yay. It's our weekly date with Teddy. Take it away, Jade. Yep.

Okay. This is somewhat of a random question, but we are setting, starting to set up our funnel for our coaching club. So we have a sales page set up and lead pages, and then we have our order forms connected to go spiffy. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

And we also have an onboarding sequence that we set people up through. It's connected through Memberium. Yep. And Infusionsoft, our web designer created the pages in our website and connected it through Memberium. So we use the order form, and in particular, the thank you page setting.

We redirect them to an auto login URL that redirects them to this onboarding where they could set their own password. They need to agree to the coaching club terms and conditions, and just information about the coaching club. So the problem I'm running into is how do we connect that through ClickFunnels? Is there even a way, since ClickFunnels only works through the product and not the order form? So there's a couple of different ways to do it.

I haven't personally tested it in a while, but I believe it still works. So the Memberium auto login link thing, I believe you can put as the same way that you override,
you know, if we want to go to a different upsell page or a different path on Submit,
I think you can put it in there, and I think it'll still work. Well, so I did try just taking that URL and putting it into my browser and it doesn't work. And it doesn't work. All right, so it does have to come from Infusion.

Okay. So the way that we actually do it, and you may or may not have experienced it, right? So after they buy, we send them an email that's like, click this link to go set up your account. That goes to an actual Infusionsoft landing page, not an order form. Mm-hmm.

And then that landing page has a form where basically they pick their password,
they agree to the terms and conditions, and then the thank you page on that landing page is the auto login link. And so when they say, when they click that link on the landing page, it takes them to the website,
and then you put them through a series of pages, or does it just auto log them in? That auto logs them in, right. Okay. Yeah.

So that uses the memberium auto login link the same way, the same link, same URL that's on your order form,
is on that opt-in form, basically. Okay. So what our workaround could be then, you're saying, send them, and don't do it directly after the purchase,
but send them an email. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. In fact, let me, let me share, let me share what, how we, how we do our memberium stuff. Yeah. Okay. Let's see.

We can just extract it all from, from everything else. Um, especially for, you know, you guys are like us where you have a lot of different potential
products. I assume everything's being delivered in the same members area through memberium or. Yes. Yeah.

Yeah. Tags to memberium. Hang up. Let me log in here. Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.

Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Oh? Okay. Okay, good. Oh.

All right. what is my password now one second
here
all right uh okay so this is the core campaign that really basically controls pretty much anything
related to memberium and logins and passwords and that kind of stuff um and so what happens is you
know when they purchase the product um wherever campaign they purchase the product in or wherever
that product purchase goal is triggered they're the tag that gives them access to the thing is is
applied right so whatever membership memberium membership tag they need to access the product
that gets applied there and then a generic tag called grant portal access gets applied
which brings them over here and then this this is basically checking to see if they already have
a an account so if they already have a password set basically uh so it's actually looking for a tag
it's looking for a tag called has password uh so if they're if they already have a password
then we're just going to send them the access details email hey here's how you log in here's
you're using your password uh if not they'll come in here uh which will be the email to set up their
account and then a reminder one day later uh it removes that grant portal access tag so it can be
applied again when they purchase another product uh and then they go to this infusion landing page
uh which is basically very straightforward um it's you know their their email is going to pre-populate
because it's an infusion soft hosted opt-in form so it already knows what it is uh so basically they're
just entering the password they're agreeing the terms and conditions and then yeah like you said
on the thank you page it goes to oh yeah that's what ours looks like yeah um and then that's pretty
much it and then when they submit that uh that then applies the has password tag sends out their
access emails uh and also removes that grant portal access tag in case they skip the other step
um so that's pretty straightforward uh and then and then this little sequence right here is the
memberium script to update somebody's data without them having to log in back out and so you know if
they buy something else uh it it's usually like if they buy the upsell or something like that um it'll
it'll just run this update portal data which will automatically update their account with their
their new membership levels and things like that um and then this this is all the same thing just
for a different portal so this is for the the coaching portal this is for our main portal but
okay so that grant portal access tag that's applied in another campaign where you've set up the product
purchase order yeah and any camp any campaign where somebody buys something that's delivered in the
portal that's we set the tag that gives them the access that they need to access the thing
and then apply that grant portal access and that'll come in here and run this little subroutine and
then once they create their password you apply a tag that says password created and then this goal um
this diamond is gonna put anybody else through and say do they have that tag if they do they don't go
through this sequence correct yep okay okay well i think that's pretty uh
and it's an email that they get after they purchase
is that right what's that it's yeah they get i'll show you i'll show you the email and so like all of
our general purchase emails like you know hey thanks for buying this product yada yada um those all have
kind of a default blurb it's like you know if you already have an account in our members portal then
your training is now unlocked inside the portal all you got to do is log in otherwise you're going to
get another email in a minute with instructions on how to set up your account that's basically what
that says okay well and and what i'm seeing here is this is how to set up your account with email and
password how do we get them into our onboarding sequence that's that thank you page he showed uh
that's the url that we have set in our order form right now okay that it will uh so that's the
next page they automatically go to and well for our order form this would be for the landing page
okay all right that's clear okay cool all right jay so you can set that up real quick right
this is a this is a really this is a really simple campaign shot of it uh teddy do you send me just a
screenshot of that campaign would you mind well um i can do that right quick you want me to do it
oh yeah or i guess i could you can screenshot screenshot this main thing and then i can open up the
different things as well yeah that would be useful are you doing screenshots jade yes i just did it
okay okay so show us the rest of it teddy so we can do a quick screenshot
say done when you got it
did you get a screenshot of this right here yeah the details of the sequences
yes got it okay yeah do you need to see inside any of those
okay go i'll let you do it i'll get out i'll bet out i'll bet out you got this
okay so um and this this email has the auto login link in it as as well right so even though the
form will take them to it they still get this email sent to them this email will have that as well
okay let me take a shot of that
let's see i have a um a question remember last week teddy while you're showing her through here
you could probably hear me uh all right um remember we've got this funny issue with
about half or less of our opt-ins or making it to the second step in our funnel
so last week we tweaked something yep um i can't tell that it's made much difference
so i'm thinking let's take a look at that again and see what we're missing or maybe can give us some
guidance as to what to do next and just really quick teddy that access your
member portal now does that take them to that landing page uh no this they've already gone
through the landing page after okay this is the generic email that whether they have a password
or have just created their password this is what they get uh but this this access your member portal
now does have the the same sign in link url as the the button this is the auto login yeah yeah okay
okay okay i think there's one specific for emails that includes the the contact id
kind of kind of merge field but
okay i got it okay what else
removing the tag
okay password and terms
so that's the landing page the password and this this yeah this is my page okay and then that
memberian update i'm not i'm completely sure i know what that is of course i'm not doing it so hey
fortunately for everyone i'm not doing
get me away from the controls jay's going put the mouse down and back away from the computer now
yeah yeah so pretty pretty much if pretty much whenever somebody buys anything i think i apply
both of these tags the update portal data and the grant portal access that way you know again if they
already have portal access they're not going to get any of this stuff they're just going to get a
confirmation with their login info and the update portal data if they're already logged into the
portal or whatever and they just bought something it'll automatically unlock it without them having
to log in or log out or wait from imbarium to check their record again that kind of thing so
that's all this does so this is just a straight htb post to imbarium and removing that tag so it can
be applied again gotcha okay
i've never seen a little red target on one of these before that's interesting
what what is it uh go back
oh that
see the password in terms it's a little red target
that's the landing page landing page oh oh look at that i've never worked with that before cool
i'm not either yeah we don't use the landing pages really yeah i typically don't either this is probably
the only place i've ever used their landing page because it's after you've used click funnels it's
pretty horrible um okay they they they they tried to build their own click funnels and butchered it
very badly uh so okay okay
all right cool do you want then i have uh do you want me to ask about the video val yes yes please oh we've
gotcha i know erica go ahead yeah we have a um
youtube video up but it has all that sort of go to youtube and all that information on it um which
we don't want to see all of this is there a way to you remove that from youtube uh go go into the page
editor
okay go into the video yeah uh branding off
uh controls if i want i think it's that for anyone um but okay so just save it and preview it see if
that does it
no
no i i haven't used the youtube video on a page and i don't know you guys don't have a vimeo or wistia
account i you know this is let me show you okay so i did create a vimeo um let's try it um let me just
get the code you don't need to get you just need the link yeah i mean that yeah vimeo and then this is
the code that is the code that it gave me um i don't know if i need to change any of this no
then it just says this this video is not click into the going to back into vimeo
actually grab go into vimeo oh actual vimeo yeah and then open that open that click on that video
it looks like it's locked do i see a lock on it maybe it's not uh is it locked well it's set to
private which which is typically fine uh grab and that's the same url you have up there at the top
uh uh where it is go to click on uh privacy
uh when people just set it to hide from vimeo
and i'll try that's cool we need to save anything or is that just did it
that probably just did it the url may have changed but let's see okay
uh uh and then go back into the page for a minute
and go on the video
and then at the end of the url like after the first number there's a slash and then another
number get rid of the slash and then whatever the other number is yeah slash 3c stuff get rid of that
yeah including this slot don't look yeah yeah get rid of all that
oh hey look at that
i knew teddy could do it you're awesome teddy thank you
you're welcome okay so let's get rid of that one get rid of this one
here we go
okay
let's see how that works okay fabulous oh my goodness awesome
that'll work but yeah so so hide from vimeo is typically what you want private is only like if
you want to like share the link with somebody and let them watch it on vimeo but okay
super super cool all right um okay so the last thing on my list uh is the opt-in and getting
people to that second page so you want to take another look at that and see what we can figure out
to do we can yeah i i really don't have unfortunately any other answer like no because
and the reason i don't is because the the number of opt-ins that click funnels is saying
is matching what's an infusion right so the the people are certainly getting into infusion and if
they're getting into infusion then it's almost guaranteed that infusion is redirecting them to
the next page so i don't know how how or why that stat would be off uh like there's there's technically no
way that somebody could submit that form create a contact infusion and and not get redirected to
that page um so it's it's a little baffling to me it is baffling baffling indeed do we i forgot we
had set up google analytics at one point right didn't we set up a google analytics account yeah i think we
set set up a version that didn't have the query string parameters um a the sharing yeah correct
yeah there was a view we created that didn't have the query string print so i mean let's look at that
and and see how close that matches the click funnel stats uh and see if there's something we can maybe
determine there but yeah i'm just looking at it again and in the last day 102 um oh 79 opt-ins
and zero looks like went to the second page absolutely zero what the hell oh that's so frustrating
um and you've you've retested the opt-in page
uh well we could do that we could certainly do that where's the date
let me change the filter out um
okay
yeah 765 unique page views for the opt-in 457 opted in for almost 60 opt-in rate second
step 269 page views um
so we're still missing some folks don't know what they're going okay so where did you want us to look
we'll start by bringing up the opt-in page and just opting in okay and actually look at the stats
right now before you do that just like look at today's stats and write down the numbers and let's
okay see that it tracks you properly if you want put the page in the uh the opt-in page link in the in
the chat uh i can opt in as well and eric if you're still around have a minute if you wouldn't mind just
opting in dummy email just to test us out i'm sorry so do you want me to do it you want me to test
what's the url i don't yeah she's gonna put it in the chat right now okay um we have a split test
on this running at the moment so uh
i just opted in and did you go to a like once your page um your ebook will show you how to send this
next you'll need to know how to receive how to read your pet's mind and scroll down and
way down let's see if i click on the green button it takes me to the order form page okay um and uh
what are you saying that should
it was just it was click funnels is reporting that people are opting in but not making it to the sales
page which is somewhat technically impossible so we're just we were just trying to double check but
yeah i opted in as well did the same thing so okay but i did you know the number the stat numbers
before we did that uh i did yeah and so did it did they just go up by two or three let me double check
let me see where were we
oh look our opt-in rate went up
oh we have 80 82 percent opt-in rate now yay
skewed today's stats all right today's oh today's stats yeah yeah yeah we're on today okay so oh
let's see if they'll do it
yeah opt-ins
huh uh okay
yeah it's up it went up
not the opt-in number the number of visitors to the to the sales page just want to we care about
hold on second step nine
there we go second step
i'm sorry it this is confusing i'm trying to compare bits to bits and it's i can't even see the numbers
they're so small okay hang on
okay second step
yes okay they did go up thank you
goodness that was hard to uh and then let's just real quick let's look inside of analytics real quick
so that's the all website data i think we created a different click on that drop down list next to
the analytics logo
get go to the one that says no query strings
great and then go to uh the behavior
site content
all pages
and then in that little search box uh about the middle of the page there on the right right above
the percent exit column down down down below the graph below the graph above the data
over here right here the left yeah there you go it was hidden yeah type just type hidden secrets
all one word or all one word yeah okay
enter
okay so all right so whatever date range we're looking at here scroll up let's see what date range
we're looking at uh 10 to 16th so we had 423 people oh wait the reg page so 11 84 and 39
4 plus 39 as well really doesn't matter what how many opt-ins does this click funnel say for that date range 10th to the 6th actually yeah 10 to the 16th
okay uh opt-ins uh 457
right and this is saying that so the details are the two versions of the sales sales page and this
is saying that there was 423 people that visited the sales pages
ah so okay so it is something on click funnels then i'm not sure what i would file a ticket with
them uh and maybe just show them that say hey look analytics is showing this and you're not uh we know
the opt-ins are making it to infusion we know people are getting to the page but your stats aren't
showing that properly okay oh i like that
thank you teddy you're welcome oh yeah that so that at least that at least alleviates the concern
that people aren't getting yes yeah that's been driving us nuts it's like what the heck
so thank you all right so uh let's file a ticket jane and uh ask click funnels to look into this for
us and then don't hold your breath for for any sort of valuable response or resolution from them but
i'll take it anyways
especially this week they got funnel hacking live going on that they're here so it's okay okay
expect too much but all right okay a final question should be really quick and easy um so have y'all
noticed if there's a time period like around payday or the middle of the month at the end of the
the month when people tend to buy more um and have you noticed any correlation between sales and the
time of the month uh we haven't we haven't done a deep enough analysis to to look at it um
and in the past i would say it varies on uh yeah it varies on a lot of different factors like whether
whether they're coming from paid traffic whether it's a email thing like you know like i know we
we get decent sales on like saturdays you know email on saturdays and and things like that um but
i would are you trying to day part the ads i was wondering if there's a correlation should we bump our
budget for a certain time period or let just let them run and not worry about it there's a tool you may
want to you guys are probably spending enough that that this may make sense for you um i just put it
in the chat uh i mean i think that's how you spell it let me make sure that's the right spelling
um
hang on uh m-a-d-g-i-c-x
uh
that's the right link um so so this tool will basically help you not only split the
test different creatives uh and things like that uh it will it does also have um some bid
optimization stuff around times a day so it uses ai it'll look at your account it basically takes
over your ad account and in some ways it can potentially replace your your traffic guy uh
uh potentially but for now for now i would have him run it right um but the you know like it'll it'll
do that kind of stuff it'll it'll not only find different audiences that may work for you but it'll
also find times a day where you could be cutting down the budget or or things like that oh that's
interesting uh okay so i recall it was affordable it was it was affordable for us we were yeah it's
like 50 it depends how much you're spending on ads but you're spending a thousand dollars a month
it's 50 bucks a month for the tool okay yeah it's super powerful they'll do it they'll do a demo they'll
do a setup with you um it's worth checking out that may work for you too eric i don't know how much
page so is uh what ad platforms do they handle uh facebook google gdn and i think we're working
on youtube i don't think they've added youtube yet okay good well we we've been spending six
to twelve thousand a month in facebook traffic and we're doing testing right now for youtube of about
4k 5k a month um you know so anyway we certainly 50 bucks a month if it does something useful
well i i mean at that at 10 10 10 up to 10k is is about 150 a month and then over 10k
gets pricey then it's like 379 a month so but you can do a demo with a man and you can negotiate
everything so okay everything is negotiable um got it but it'll it'll it like it'll actually again it
does a lot of the automation for you too so like it'll go and create tons of campaigns automatically
and test them and pause them if they're not working and scale them if they are working and all that kind
of stuff uh obviously you got to make sure your your pixels and everything are tracking properly so it's
got the right data but other than that okay okay that's awesome uh jay do we have anything else i think
we're done that's all for me yeah we're good we're good take my eric all right so thank you so much for
your help earlier we appreciate that well uh let's see um teddy uh one quick question and then a couple
of you know somewhat more detailed ones a quick question is campaign pops which is uh you know one of
your low-end products uh that todd you know emails went out promoting uh do we have access to that as
a coaching member uh the most of the videos that are in that course come from the coaching program
i'm not sure if the swipe file is in the coaching program i'll check i mean i can buy it you know it's
47 you don't know i'll find it for you or give you access but like i said the video the training
content is what's already in the coaching portal uh but i don't i don't think the swap files are in
there so i'll grant you access okay great um i would love that too i would love that too you got it
thank you all right so um last uh when i was on the other time you talked about deliverability
dashboard as being a good resource um and so i looked at their site and you know was just saying
sure you know i mean their cost is pretty reasonable i don't know 50 bucks a month or
give or take uh 59 a month um but i got a little confused with uh that they have um an audit you know
like i don't know six or seven hundred bucks uh for an audit um and i don't know whether i should do
something like that first or whether i should just sort of set up with you know i don't know what
it seemed like setup probably would take half an hour to just sort of plug things in and put stuff
together um and then you'd get some reporting but i i didn't know what what do you suggest um you
know in terms of onboarding with them yeah uh yeah so adrian will so i mean in most cases you'll work
directly with adrian which is nice he's he's the owner uh super super smart guy super nice guy
and and bend over backwards to to kind of help you out um and you know in general he would do that
audit based on the data in the dashboard so you know if you sign up for an audit he'll set you up
with the dashboard so that he can at least pull the data to help you to tell you what's going on
anyways right and then from there you can continue with the the membership um and and i can't remember
exactly because there's there's a couple different pricing levels um meaning there's the dashboard that
just gives you kind of the data and the insights and in report form the way infusion doesn't uh but
then there's the actual active uh tagging feature where every day it's going through the list and
tagging you know seven days engaged 30 days engaged all those kind of statuses uh and i think that's the
only part that you need to actually pay for i think the dashboard and it looked like it was called defender
and it was called 50 and a 59 a month i think was what i wrote yeah yeah so again that's that's the
type of price that you know if it does something useful you know no brainer just you know but even
the six or seven hundred bucks for adrian like i've told them multiple times like he does not charge
enough for what he does um so before he raises his prices i would definitely hop on that like he's sure
to give you some we spent two years ago we spent uh close to 10k to chris lang you know yeah yeah
and he's very knowledgeable and he explained things that he set up a couple of dk dkim things
and you know stuff some that i knew sort of what to do but it was a little bit complicated because
there's so many ways that we're sending email and things um but we never got really any results uh
you know and i spent 10k with the expectation that we're going to boost our you know um so yeah 700 bucks
for someone who's an expert who maybe could move the needle you know potentially yeah
i i mean like in terms of their skill sets i i would say they're you know they're probably
comparable uh we almost hired chris as well i actually ended up hiring adrian instead because
he was a fraction of the price and and i just didn't like chris's attitude uh personally but um
you know because he was okay he was he was god's gift email and and i had a feeling he wasn't so uh
yeah um well you know he's he's so he did a good job of selling me on you know
this is my price and you know you know how much would have a difference would it make if you did
that right you know so uh but it just didn't but but but so the other thing i would say is you know
i would mention maybe to adrian that that you have worked with him and that all that core stuff is
done already uh at least it was two years ago so yeah but i mean the deacon the spf like if all that's
that's core technical stuff is is in place now it's probably going to be more uh an issue of
your sending patterns and and how you send and how much how much you segment the list when you send uh
and the formatting of the emails how many images are in there how many links are in there like all
that stuff is now we we generally made it played it down to you know one image on an email and you know
tried to have like at most three or four links you know those those things as opposed to link
sprinkled throughout and a super signature at the bottom you know um so we we did try to do that it
didn't necessarily make a difference um segmentation in terms of like not sending to old you know
unengaged people that we're guilty of or you know we're guilty of you know not following you know that uh
hygiene suggestion um so but i have been concerned about infusionsoft recognizing when people open and
you know and you know just the reporting and stuff and yeah well but again there's you know so there's
there's two separate battles right so there's the the i don't want to get the the the email from infusion
where i got to submit their stupid form um which really all you have to do is submit the form and they
really don't because i actually i actually have a boilerplate like my robo form this is like
pre-populated to submit that form and i submit the same thing every time and they're like yeah you're
fine um so that that's one hack yeah i'll i'll i'll set up the you know his thing just because i want to
see the data and you know if it's seven six or seven hundred bucks and and you think he's well he's a good
guy and we'll be able to identify things that's that's good we'll do that um but related to that
so you said um that in the first 30 days after opt-in um that you really work hard to get engagement
um you know because that's when you know they've gone oh this this these people look interesting and
whatever um do you have a um any uh swipe files template uh stuff for a 30 day you know thing uh we
don't have a document with it i can certainly show you the campaign um
while you track it down you you mentioned that you're you know you try to get people to click and
and and all of that but uh you also encourage replies which help um you know with uh like
gmail analyzing and saying yeah there's engagement here um do you track replies uh like where do you
send those replies you know we've typically sent from our um support portal support portal emails so
that if someone does reply it goes into the support portal um and uh of course then it takes some time
to you know respond to those things and and if we're talking about hundreds of these you know
because we're really encouraging replies that would be you know potentially just a drain on resources
obviously there's a payback but um yeah so what we did uh so we do the same thing we mail from
from our support email um and we use uh fresh desk i think it's fresh stuff yeah we we have fresh desk
yeah um and so in fresh desk you can create uh different rules you want to share your screen um
yeah yeah let me let me try to find it hang on a second
you know it's quite reassuring to to hear that you know you're the tools we ended up with are you
know a pretty close match to what i i i i'm actually wrong we use help scout but how first test might do
the same thing um all right not not quite the same but yeah infusionsoft click funnels and yeah that's
that's yeah but but but so there's a way in help scout there's probably there's got to be a way
in sort of in fresh test to be able to filter by you know incoming tickets with a certain subject line
right so if you know it has that you know you sent them what that subject line was and then you tell
them to reply to it subject line is going to stay in place you can take those filter those out uh and then
basically uh we actually i have zapier looking for emails in with that subject line going into the
support desk that applies a tag that they submitted that they replied uh if i if i so so so if i even
need to track that and usually the only time i track that is if i'm sending them something for
replying right so if it's an offer to hey just hit reply and i'll send you this thing then i then i
automate that and actually just a quick hack of what i do there is um so if i offer to send them
something and they reply then i actually use zapier to send them the email with the freebie from the
salesperson's gmail account right not from infusion anymore right now it's creating a direct relationship
with the salesperson and then that salesperson is going to work to get an appointment scheduled and
have that conversation okay so sending because it's got your gmail trigger it so triggering through
the support one zapier picking up on that and so i have to see whether fresh desk can work but most
likely it can um and then sending out that well then tagging in infusionsoft yes they did reply and
then if it's appropriate uh sending out an email from well you know from your sales thing we we actually
don't have i mean we don't we only have one closer and richard and i uh my partner and i uh you know
are the content and you know running running things so we don't really have a salesperson following up
or let's say we don't burden our salesperson with these things but i guess if if there is if it's
appropriate yes we should have it sent from her her thing yeah yeah yeah well and and in general you know
we're we're finding that outbound is is definitely working better than than even the inbound of fill
out the assessment and schedule the call thing like having having our sales people call every new
customer every new now again we have lots of little front end funnels that we use for acquisition but
every new customer gets called by a salesperson not as a sales call of hey we want to make sure you
got your purchase or if they bought the book and we want to verify your shipping address and make sure it's
correct oh by the way you know tell me a little bit about your business what are you trying to
accomplish hey you should talk to one of our strategists kind of you know so it's positioned
as a casual like yeah hey we're a real company so so that's what you do with all all of your
low-end buyers so if someone buys cash pops you know okay um and uh we actually have an outsource
team that's that's doing that so it's not even an internal like we have a setter team that is
responsible for calling the people and setting appointments okay so that's where you're you're
finding that's really cost effective is is they you know all right and are you still i mean but not
still but uh are you focused on these um front-end products uh well you i know when you sell it through
advertising of course it's there's no cost and or you know virtually no cost and and just there's some
revenue that comes in from people who go cash pops looks pretty cool i'll spend my 27 bucks or or
whatever but are you doing paid ads for these low-end products and doing self-liquidating funnel type of
approach yeah yeah all of our customer acquisition is through paid traffic um we don't do anything
organic we don't do affiliate promotions we don't do webinars it's all paid traffic it's all to those
front-end offers and we are and you have systematic average order value to try to you know exactly yeah
okay all right uh and then so you reduce or eliminate the cost by you know monetizing um the the ads um
you know with the offers and then you maximize the back end with setters or or people following up with
every every sale correct okay all right that's interesting there um yeah we haven't reached
that point in the business where we would have a center or uh but we are as i mentioned we realized
you know our salesperson was booked three weeks plus out uh you know and uh um you know we got a triage
better a and b you know should we start doing a um a triage call we have to triage filter on the
front end you know so that people don't book if they're not qualified and also you know potentially
do a triage call so even if even if we did have more than we can handle you know they get a short
call and triage but we haven't done that and that
let me or are you
you still there
i'm not sure if you can hear me still but if you did you oh there you are
hey yeah yeah sorry i i think i had a temporary you know internet breakdown all right so um all right
so so you were going to show me something yeah uh so so this isn't the final version i can't find
it where the actual final live version of the campaign but the structure is fundamentally the
same here so um so this was starting off again yeah so if they're a new customer um this was going to
do a a variety of different things uh first of all tell them about the the facebook lives that john was
doing every week in the past um send the push notification for the marketers memo uh monitor
to make sure they logged into the portal monitor to make sure they join the facebook group um get send
them an sms and get this is before infusion added sms um so as to get them have you started
have you started using the infusion soft sms uh a little bit yeah i mean our problem with sms is that
we have so many different ways to send sms that the customer's constantly getting messages from
different phone numbers and they don't recognize it so i'm trying to consolidate that and at the moment
since it's most important that they get the the sms's from the sales team uh we're using our
our our sales crm to to manage that um yeah you have a separate yeah i've mentioned that before
so yeah we use salesmate um which is very similar to pipe drive to to manage all of the the sales
process primarily because i don't want to give the sales reps access i mean first of all we have
we have a lot of sales reps and we go through a lot of sales reps um because if they're not performing
we get rid of them really quick uh so i don't want to give them all access to infusion um so this
gives me a way to abstract that uh so but you know as new customers come in they can send over in a
sales mate into their pipeline and then they can work those deals but they have just the information
they need uh in order to work those deals nothing more and as they drag deals from stage to stage
that all syncs back to infusion via zapier okay cool um what's the rough cost of sales mate
uh relatively cheap the reason i went with sales mate versus zapier i mean versus pipe drive is
sales mate has the the phone line stuff kind of built in i mean you still pay for each number and
minutes and all that but um with with pipe drive it was a totally separate integration this had it all
built in uh and they had a they had a mobile app they had a little bit better reporting um i think
it's like 30 bucks a month per rep all right yeah yeah very reasonable i mean when we're for for me
just you know in terms of the level that we're at you know if there's a cost of 50 bucks a month 100
bucks a month even a couple hundred dollars a month and it'll give me benefit it's a no-brainer
when you were talking about something being a thirty thousand dollar setup fee you know for whatever
yeah that's that's something we that that yeah that that took us a while as well yeah um so and
and uh you know wasting the the money on sale uh chris lang i mean good guy but you know we just it
just didn't pay off it happens it happens unfortunately too much in this industry a lot of people over
promise and don't yeah um all right so okay so that uh so you at the course of course i want to just
feedback so i remember one of the things you're doing in in here is that you've got a whole bunch
of different sequences for a specific um optimization make sure they join the facebook
group or make sure they log into the portal or make sure you know those things and then within each
one um can i see like make sure that they logged into the portal you know what what what do you have
there um it's basically just a timer waiting to see so the portal uh applies a tag when they first log
in uh so it is waiting for that so it's basically they're they got tagged as a new customer let me just
see it yes a member portal monitor for that so wait 14 days remind them wait three days remind them
and then you were doing a voice blast yeah so this is the shell of a camp there's another campaign that
got fully built out uh based on all that so i shelled out like in the idea world what were we
what do we what do we do uh and then john and chris and some of the other copy guys went in and kind of
rebuilt it you're not able to show the i can't find it i don't know where the heck it is i can't
all right all right so this is your shell this is your intended thing all right so basically just
a series of reminders hey we haven't seen you log in yeah and and by the way and so the if if you were
if you notice the part when i was showing the girls earlier about the memberium stuff like that
already has two emails reminding them to set up their account and stuff like that so that's why
this waits 14 days because that was already kind of due in the first seven days okay yeah we're using
digital access pass and i mean it's it's gotten more and more sophisticated as well but um i'm a little
feeling a little bit orphaned there because i was told by vena who's a one of the partners um that i'm
the only person using infusion soft that they have at the moment you know like i'm saying can
you connect this up to and it's well eric you know we got some stuff that works with there but you
know yeah yeah so depending on how complex the integration is i would say that's a move
to memberium as soon as possible thing like okay so if you're using if you're using in wordpress
it's memberium all right there's just memberium okay let me just write that down i mean i've heard
of it but um uh i've you know because i've used digital access pass for over 10 years so i've got
a lot of different sites using it and you know all right um okay so this gives me a better sense
of just how you segment out each one of those things and well so are they typically just monitor
for whatever the the signal is and send them reminders if they don't do yeah yeah yeah everything
everything that i build in infusion is based on the assumption that they're not going to do what
i want them to do so i'm going to assume that they're not going to log in and i'm going to work
backwards to what do i got to do to get in the login so okay and then you just see how many actually
do log in okay what i did recently was um because we i realized that we have people who well maybe there's
some that never logged in but we're we're primarily focused on the high ticket stuff so um
um you know it's going to be rare that someone never ever logs in we did have someone request
a refund last week because and they said i don't think it's going to work for you i look they've never
logged in oh they've never uh you know come on any of her group calls uh you know i asked our closer can
you contact this person make sure they got the emails because i checked yes they were sent all right
he said oh no they were in spam he says okay he'll try it now well let's just reset his start date
you know uh um you know so uh but i i did the thing where i actually could track how many logins you
know digital access pass has that reporting and i've just figured out how to get that into infusion soft
and also when the last login was and i'm also going to dump out of zoom when um every time a report of who
attended so that way if someone in theory hasn't been on a zoom call for a month or hasn't logged
into the portal for you know some period of time uh you know at the member area you know we can send
them a tickler you know that that'll say how we haven't seen you and you know what are you okay
by the way just just a side note and i can't remember uh you've heard of wp fusion before uh
uh it's kind of it's kind of like zapier for for wordpress but i think they have an integration
with did i know they have one within fusion i thought they have one with digital access
paid membership pro no maybe not
uh so wp fusion who's the person behind that i remember who created it originally okay uh no but
i thought they had digital access pass and i thought i thought it was a way to connect the two so this is
this is like a specialized zapier that works with wordpress kind of yeah yeah and there's a couple of
them out now there's this one i think there's wp automate uh yeah actually i just said what i set up
was um uh automator pro or automator wp was the automator wp automate yeah yeah so that's actually
what i um just set up so that i can um track logins um you know and uh and there's one called wp webhooks
which look similar you know um so i but this you know anyway okay so now i understand a little bit
better and by the way you could you know anything anything that does a webhook uh or anything i can
send a webhook you could you could always create an infusion form to be the end point for that webhook
an infusion form to be yeah so if you so if you just create an infusion soft form with with like
their email the only field on it is their email address then you could set the webhook to be the
address of the form and set the webhook to be post and just have it past the email address
and then it'll act like that person has submitted correct
okay i mean i'm probably doing that with we have historically we had some one click upsells
we haven't been using them actively but that was uh triggering in the background a post um so it was
using javascript you know to to send a post to you know to say yes place this order right using the
credit card on file um by the way if you do have i know you do one click upsells do you have a
a product that manages that or are you doing just custom code going into infusion soft with a you
know like a form like that so in the portal memberium does it for you memberium's got a short code that'll
do it um if it's like in an email uh or even a text message then we use fix your funnel that's one click
upsell fix your funnel and so does fix your funnel just submit a form to infusion software or tag the
client um because one of the things that i found a little frustrating was that it would create an
order but it wouldn't charge the card until a queue you know like it might take a few hours yeah yeah
so so both memberium fixes that issue and so does fix your funnel so they both do it through the api
uh and they create the order immediately so they so through the api they create the order and they charge the
order and they charge the order and if the or and if the charge fails you can set a fallback url and
redirect them to an order form or a credit card update form or something like that okay let me just
write that down um because this is uh um very useful all right so was it memberium okay memberium.com
yep for the membership plugin um dot com and if you have multiple membership sites but they're all
tied to one infusion account then you can buy the license that's for the infusion account and then
you can have as many sites in different domains and stuff as you want okay um okay i have two infusion
soft accounts one for the business that we're focused on here and the other for my other solo business
which was i've done much longer and it has a bunch of you know members sites so i might segment it out
but that that one's like 20 of my income now so it's you know i'm not i'm focusing on the 80. well it just depends how the membership sites are set up too right if they're all they're all in the
same root domain and they're subfolders then you can have as many as you want with one license but if
they're different subdomains or different domains then all right well anyway if i have to buy two of
them you know that's not a problem or if i do it just for the architect marketing sites that's one
another thing all right a wp fusion so you said so memberium has um you don't need wp fusion if you
get member there would be no need for that okay but so this it does handle the one uh one
no the one click upsells fix your phone click upsells uh nicely handled and that's basically if they're
logged in to the member site and it knows who they are and they click a button then it can just
place it can just have the order process from memberium yes memberium has a shortcut um that you
can add to a page yes uh so i admit yes that was the answer yeah from memberium yes there's there's
a built-in shortcut for memberium for one click upsells um so this is in that basically if you get
people to either have a free account or well no free account wouldn't necessarily work but if you if
they become a customer and you have credit card on file and they log into the portal then you can
be advertising your next step is this or we have a special offer for that correct okay good all right
and wp fusion you said i wouldn't need that with memberium but it would also handle the one click
no no the only reason i was looking at wp fusion was i thought it had a digital access pass
integration all right okay nothing there uh and then uh what was the other oh yeah fix your funnel
but again fix your funnel is one click upsell you only that's right yeah yeah yeah but you
you know the only scenario for fix your funnel is one click upsell is either you literally want
somebody to be able to click a link in an email and buy something without ever going to an order form
or or page again the minute they click the link it's going to make the purchase right uh or you
want to do like second chance offers and click funnels which i i think click funnels has already
somewhat addressed this to a degree but you know so they they went through they saw the upsell they
didn't buy you got them in the email sequence you want to send them back then you can use a fix your
funnel button on the on a different page that will process the order based on the card on file and
all you have to do is pass really the and and so so click funnels has a second chance um so so what
i've seen recently uh is that if if the charge doesn't if you send somebody back to a one click upsell
and it either doesn't know who they are or they click the button and the order fails it now pops up a new
credit card form for them to enter new credit card details um and i believe there's a bunch of new
stuff getting announced next week at funnel hacking live um like like a completely new version of click
funnels honestly um i haven't seen it yet so i don't have any details i just know that something big is
coming i love click funnels because we can have so many different things and we can you know relatively
quick quickly just go into the funnel that we want and focus on that and and stuff um but they're
their page layout sucks you know compared to thrive uh you know i'm just so used to thrive
on things and it's so nice to be able to you know anyway uh they're so limited and they haven't really
done anything with it uh in three years um so uh but i guess if it's coming out with a new one maybe
it's going to be better page layout um so uh so you were about to show me stuff you've answered some
questions but let's see a 30-day welcome sequence you showed me some stuff um yeah so so the core the
course sequence was um and this one may or may not contain the the reply email but but the the general
concept of what we want to talk about is like you know who we are and what we're all about like you
know what's the what's the context of our relationship and where do we fit into the
marketing world ecosystem basically um obviously proving that we deliver results um and then
setting the right mindset again especially with marketer you know we're marketing to marketers
right and so marketers are very tactical driven and they want bright shiny objects and so you know
we have to convince them that it's the messaging that matters most and why crafting why doing the work
to craft a proper campaign is what's going to beat any of the tactics and and even setting the you
know there's a popular frame of mind that you're supposed to put one dollar into facebook and get
three dollars out which we all know is um right so just some of that mindset stuff um again more more
about you know where our particular sweet spot is on the big idea and the unique mechanism on the
argument um proving that it works for any kind of business uh talking about the math part of the
business and how it's a math driven business so yeah just again for somebody who doesn't know who we
are and hasn't really experienced you know and we're obviously so close to it we hear it every day
it's second nature to us but um and then the last last one where to start based on experience level
is are you talking about for them whoever is receiving it are you talking about for them as a market
to the awareness spectrum problem aware versus you know solution aware and stuff yeah so i the the
idea behind that email was without doing so we do have a like a quiz funnel that that does properly
segment them um which uh where i don't know where it was in this model
um now that that structure that you had over on the right i won't i won't it it helps me to see the
visual i'm trying to trying to get it yeah let's check around here uh all right so yeah so they went
through that new customer orientation sequence um then we send them kind of through the e5 launch videos
and frameworks so we're we're setting up what the e5 method is and and how it works and now we came
up with it so a lot of our what's the goal what's the goal that pulls them out is it is it just uh you
have a tag at the end of the customer orientation for there was to get them on strategy session uh
and and or get them to watch the webinar um all right that was okay no but the earlier goal just
before the e5 launch videos i mean you know you have a um not that they go through they go that's
a decision diamond it's a decision diamond basically if they haven't been through yeah i forgot what i
okay this one wasn't the fully built out one but basically the logic was so if if they're new to us
they haven't bought anything else like let's educate them on on e5 otherwise um let's uh retarget them
for our marketing copy calls because that is uh first of all it's continuity and second of all
it's todd talking to them every week uh so like they're getting to hear todd and see todd's unique
perspective on things and kind of see him really dissecting copy which like the marketing calls are
what he trains us with right so uh right i've seen the i've seen the ads for them by the way is that
that uh well yeah you should be getting you should be getting those you're not getting i'm getting
the recording yeah that's all there that's all there ever is the only people i have on the call
or is it is a real team call like it is yeah how he trains us every week so but it's just your
people are buying access to uh yeah you you guys just get the recordings yeah right okay so you know
you're retargeting um greg video greg video carousel marketing calls offer um so yeah so so it was a
it was a carousel of different videos that todd did uh with greg roulette um it was a great great video
guy um so they were just short you know snippet videos kind of things on different topics so basically
put them into that facebook is that sequence simply just um tag them so that uh some audience
tags them then zapier puts them into an audience i believe right okay um so one of the things that
we've been you know we haven't done with we do some general retargeting in facebook you know so we're
let's say offering our webinar more frequently to the warm audience you know who you know already
opted in for something or another um but in general we haven't been doing well specific we
haven't been retargeting like specific segments i mean what size is your retargeting audience
you know that that covers i mean is this uh uh i mean we generate you know a thousand customers a month
easily so okay all right so you have a thousand a month and that and that lasts for some number of days
after you know 90 days or whatever yeah i don't run the ad so i'm not sure how long the campaign
actually runs all right so you have the dnb marketing calls which yeah so so they so that's
what you're selling start retargeting them and then this is a did not buy sequence for the marketing
calls did not buy okay did not buy the marketing calls and then the marketing calls purchased is a goal
and then direct mail yeah so this so if they if they bought the calls then we were going to send
them the book uh and our swipe file via direct mail um so that's fulfillment so that's a fulfillment and
that's more and that was you know that was an unexpected bonus but again like you know we're trying
it's like we said before like you know first of all marketing marketing marketers you gotta be
totally different so you know phone calls to new customers sending direct mail with stuff that they
weren't expecting like all that stuff is it's all part of hey these guys are different and it's all
good stuff right um okay so um so i see survey up at the top traffic or messaging issue so you're
basically sending an email out saying did you have you been seeing our ads so this is basically so if they
uh so if they didn't buy the marketing calls then they're going to come up here and then asking them
like what what fundamentally is their primary issue are you having a traffic issue or are you having a
conversion issue which is probably a message um and then based on that um again send a direct mail piece uh
so this was i think the traffic so if they're having a traffic issue send them the 5x aov book and the
mathematical marketer report by direct mail um and then start retargeting them for our internal traffic
course and promote the internal traffic course and uh upgrade where is the
why is things being so funky today okay so that those things on the right there uh those are a
sequence of offers yeah so this was basically yeah so they're a new customer well we want them to buy
something else we know from our data that you know anybody that's going to buy coaching is has bought
two or three things from us uh so you know what are the things that uh a not only you know plant the
seed of who we are and what's our unique sauce uh so it's certainly our e5 method and you know just
todd doing copy critiques and that kind of stuff uh as well as then kind of really segmenting them out
based on what their core current pressing problem is and what's the best product to help them deal
with that problem uh ultimately to get them on the phone for a strategy call and if they don't schedule
a strategy call then at least getting them to the webinar uh and and exposing them to the the five camp
home study that way oh and so so this stuff on the right that because if you can just scroll over more
to the right yeah those things so you have then this is so they didn't do the strategy session so
you're going to offer a home study version of e5 yeah if they if they don't schedule the strategy
session so again you know i'm always assuming that they're not going to do what i want to do so i want
them to schedule so we've got an invitation to get them to schedule uh if they don't schedule then
uh this was going to send them the unconverted book because you're one of my unconverted people
uh and then put them back on the path towards the strategy invite again uh
and i think this was if they hadn't been through the webinar already so if they hadn't seen the
webinar already uh yeah they haven't seen the webinar they're going to go through this sequence
that they have seen it for some reason and again we've been running e5 for five years now so a lot
of people have seen the webinar um so they were only getting this direct mail piece if they've
already seen the webinar and then getting them back to the strategy session so even if they see the
webinar we still want to try again to get them on the phone uh and then after that point if they
haven't scheduled or they did schedule and they didn't buy then down sell them to the home study
what is the price on the home study is that 2k 2k yeah okay um yeah so the home study and then
downsell to apprentice so what is that apprentice one so apprentice was a program that it was an
older program that todd did where basically uh you know he brought on a new employee and trained him
you know somebody who has no no experience in the marketing world whatsoever and trained him to be
todd's copywriter uh so it was like 14 weeks or something like that of training uh like i look
over my shoulder as i train my employee and that was like a lower price in the 2000 that's 2002 but
it's just a little like a different angle uh so this one i mean it teaches the e5 concepts but
teaches it in a different way uh and then agora copy school same thing you know it's a different way to
learn copy from the guys at agora it's a partner product we did with them uh and then even down
selling to our original version of six figure funnel formula which is now like a three 397 offer or
something like that uh and then even if they don't do that then down sell to our 97 copyboarding product
which is basically a a lesson from one of our live events that again agora did in terms of how they
structure their their copy okay so and so for all of these if they buy them then offer coaching help
after one month so you're basically saying well good they bought now let's see now that they've
consumed some of it um and i assume that when they buy there's another campaign that gets them to consume
and correct okay so but this is sort of a high level of a month later offer coaching help and what
happens at the end or is that the end of this um this whole thing yeah if they so you know if they
bought e5 camp or or they shown up for the coaching calls and they didn't they didn't buy the coaching
then they just kind of go to our general list and general broadcasts and things like that but at this
point at this point they've been exposed to pretty much most of what we like if they don't buy you know
if they don't buy something else by here they're probably not going to yeah or but you do have these
periodic things like the cash pops i mean i guess right i mean because i must be on your list multiple
times so i'm getting that and of course i don't mind because i'm saying you know uh that well and
the thing i understand is like you know we won't roll out an offer to pay traffic until we test it on
on the internal list right so like if it doesn't convert to our internal list we're not going to roll
it out to pay traffic so that's that's how we test all our new funnels that's how we get our initial
data that's how we look at the aov to see if it can afford to to be go to paid traffic or if we got
to change the offers like all that stuff happens to the internal list um now if you're in co you know
it makes me wonder whether you're tagged right or not because as a coaching customer or you know
you shouldn't be going to buyers typically those offers go go only to our non-buyer segment
obviously people sneak through it at times based on tagging but i'll check your account after and
make sure well i mean i i i'm sure that um i've got more than one email that yeah if you got multiple
accounts then and and and for many marketers i'll say hey you know this is annoying and and you know
can you combine it but for you guys i'm saying all right let me just you know see what you're saying
yeah yeah and it's good so i i wouldn't have known about the cash pops uh now you said that
the training stuff is actually in the e5 coaching portal i mean there's two portals and can you
explain the difference between the e5 coaching portal which obviously we've now spent a chunk of
money we we have but there was the other member portal where we had the low-end products you know i
guess right yeah so so originally uh so originally the the core member portal was all custom built
and i didn't really want to go through record recoding it to to launch the the coaching program
and you know we wanted to build the coaching program uh under this concept of of a lego model
right where we could just create a library of content and then once we had that library of content
uh and as ai gets better and and we get better at segmentation and all that that we could assemble
trainings on the fly based on exactly what you need right so that's part of you know we're doing
that partly now with the path process that's why you talk to michael michael maps out okay here's where
you're at and here's where your path is and here's what you need um and that's something that you know
given what you're doing with architects and stuff like that uh you can do as well let me do this hang
on one second let me just stop i don't want to share this publicly with everybody but i'll show you
okay so um this is uh i'll just show you the context uh this is one of our um sort of special purpose uh
products uh seo for architects so teaching architects about how to develop from primarily content marketing
so you get ranked right um and we were doing a bunch of webinars to promote it and um you know
when they registered did they attend and you know did they purchase and start fulfillment now the
promotional emails this is an example of how we have the emails done uh you know just as a series that
were date scheduled originally for you know the june uh may june launch um here now the advantage of
doing it this way is we can look at all of them we can get you know reporting from one sequence um uh
you know for for that but the disadvantage is we can't segment like you said you're going to increase
deliverability if you segment and so we also do this for our broadcast you know our nurturing um general
nurturing uh email uh it goes out to like 20k plus um there uh and that's gotten very unwieldy because we
have literally years of emails in the sequence and i know i can clone the sequence and then you know
make it only one year of emails or one quarter of emails and and things so i haven't done that but um
um so the things that we can't easily do are um segmentation based on engagement um you know because
everybody's getting it in that group is getting it at the same time um and to clone the whole thing so
that people would uh what do you call it the the high engaged ones would be in one version and the low
engaged ones would might be in another one seems rather convoluted and what if somebody clicks
from the low engaged one and then becomes in the high engaged now you know in infusionsoft it'll
it'll well anyway it's it there are complications there so we can't do the deliverability segmentation
and we can't do the resend things very easily like if they didn't open it send them another um
version with a different subject line you know um so those are two nice to have things and we can't do it
well you can i mean potentially you can it just becomes a lot more work right meaning what ends up
happening is so right now you have one two three four five six seven eight whatever 15 emails in this
one sequence yeah you would essentially have 15 sequences with two emails in each sequence one is the
original email the other one is three hours later if they didn't open it and then if they did open it
or click it then they move on to the sequence that sends the next email right so you just got to break
everything out into individual separate sequences so that you can have those reminders and but yeah it's
a pain in the butt to build uh and i mean you don't lose the reporting per se because you know you can see
the reporting of all the emails in the campaign regardless uh in the reporting view but uh yeah
so technically that's the only way to deal with it is to kind of break it out into a much messier campaign
and what you know in terms of the 80 20 or just what you know you mentioned this thing of the um
you know sending to your high engagement people first and then later sending to the lower ones
because it'll improve deliverability um etc so is that how you run your you know your big we don't
we don't do it in campaigns at all we only do it on broadcast um so for for mailing the entire list
which typically is really just saturdays when todd sends out the marker's mind memo uh then that mailing
in particular will be split out into uh seven day engaged seven to 30 engaged and then 60 or 30 plus
engaged so so so the first broadcast it goes out so it's three broadcasts okay so you so you your your
big emails you're doing is broadcast as opposed to campaigns yeah and then you can just have somebody
look and and or you just uh say we'll send this out to the people based on their tagging three hours
later and it automatically has the right contacts in there correct yeah yeah so the adrian's tool does
the tagging of you know which bucket they're in basically uh and so you know basically it's our entire
list except people that are in a promotional campaign like all of our campaigns you know if
there's a like that welcome sequence for instance right there's a there's an in campaign do not mail
tag that keeps them out of broadcast stuff if you're going through something like that or a strategy
session sequence or whatever um so anybody that's on the list except for those people uh or and and then
yeah so the first batch is those i think it's zero to seven so zero zero 30 days engaged then 30 to 60
and then anything over 60 and i've just staggered a couple hours apart okay all right so that's how you
deal with it and you're only doing one a week um so we've been primarily doing one a week for our
nurture you know big broadcast but we've stepped it up well actually i guess we what we've done is uh with this
this recent last couple of months promoting of a specific webinar to the whole list like repeatedly
different angles or promoting this flow chart you know overview thing um again uh i am basically
setting up a separate campaign for that but i'm putting everybody into it basically everybody who's not
in our high ticket programs you know is getting those things um or if they if they've opted out previously
from a specific thing like i'm not interested in that then we i you know segment them out um but
our main one we've been doing we monthly i'm so weekly um what is nice is to be able to look through
and you know you can literally go scan and say we did something on this topic let me open up that email
and it's you know all in this campaign as opposed to a broadcast where i mean i'm not even sure you
you have to look at the broadcast reports and right right right um and and i don't know can you even
clone an email from a broadcast report yeah you can you can well uh well you can save it as a template
yeah and then just kind of okay all right so that's how you do it all right i'll have to think about
that um just one one side note here by the way so the you know you've got the the go to webinar
registration you've got the different sequences for the date that they picked yeah and then other
so the the rest of the sequence after registered and attended those are all driven by date field
or those are all hard-coded um so this was based on the original uh campaign we're actually it's i'm
going to be revamping it for an evergreen um shortly uh and i just have to pick out which
emails work best you know from you know like the dozen that we said all right um but registered for
webinar um uh so wait wait until 30 minutes before the contacts next date and time reminder so that's
what it was i i don't know why this is not um set up here specifically i i think in um ever webinar we
yeah or no it was well i'm not even sure um but that was the intention yeah using a date field
yeah yeah which which you can set in that in those other fields but yeah in those other sequences yeah
just being sure you attended yes so yeah so we we were running it with a hard deadline date for
enrollment ends tonight etc um you know so it was specific dates but i'm familiar with date fields um
um there um okay um well you've given me a lot um i really appreciate it i'm going to spend some
time with graphly because i think that that we had used it and then i sort of like well we're not
focused on you know um the cost of leads right now and and stuff we're focused on just getting more
strategy sessions and i think we have to go back to you know just getting more um well you know building
our list as part of the paid traffic strategy as opposed to trying to directly you know get them
into um yeah and to be honest with you like like graphly is much more useful graphly is less useful
for cost per lead and customer acquisition costs and and all the like the traffic stuff data is not what
i would use graphly for i actually use graphly 90 of the time for that behavior stuff data like you know
how many a conversion funnel such as this right registered attended purchased like what's what
are the stats and then breaking those down maybe filtered by a lead source that i hard code because
there's no way in graphly to say all right hey i want to i want to know these three steps you know
who's got the registered attended purchase tag and then show me that breakdown by what their lead source
was like you can't do that in graphly you can do it in segmetrics uh a little bit better than but so
that sort of traffic customer acquisition customer lifetime value stuff is a little bit better in
segmetrics but activity type like hey how many new contacts did we get how many sales did we get this
week like you know so counters and you know step-by-step conversion funnels um is where graphly is okay
um now did you use wicked reports for a while i know we did use wicked before we moved to the the
enterprise solution yeah um right now i would say actually hyros is probably potentially like we just
started using hyros as well um not for the reporting standpoint but only to get the the better uh
conversion data over to facebook and to be able to see hyros has like a browser extension plugin where
you can see the real sales numbers based on what infusion says when you're inside of facebook's ad
manager kind of okay and then tell me the name of that uh product again hyros hyros h-y-r-o-s
h-y-r-o-s um and that uh so it's is it sort of like graphly and wicked report well it doesn't really
have a reporting user interface other than like i said that kind of browser extension and uh and the
ability to to just more accurately uh associate so from from a reporting standpoint like wicked is
probably prettier and probably has more useful reports um but i would say that like john we didn't
really look at those reports all that much like because we don't really care like what is what is
the the the the average acquisition cost and what's the aov and to some degree what was the lifetime
value but um which again you could probably get either wicked or psychmetrics would both give you
that um the reason we started using hyros again was we were losing a lot of conversion tracking with
all the recent changes with the pixels and the cookies and ios and like just there's a lot of
data getting lost the hyros fills in based on infusionsoft data into your facebook ad manager
um sort of as an overlay so you have an overlay yeah so you can actually
so if facebook isn't seeing the conversion because it's behind the ios screen but it is
getting into infusionsoft then you can see it correct well that's very interesting so hyros um
i will have to check it's not cheap i mean it depends on how much the pricing is based on how much
revenue you track through it um and it's the bare bare minimum is 3500 a year uh and then it goes to like
3500 a quarter to 3500 a month um so it ramps up quickly based on your spend uh you probably got to go
through a demo to oh pricing and get a demo all right so you're saying bare minimum is like 3500 a
year 3500 bucks no matter what to get started yeah absolutely 300 bucks a month um and you don't know
what the threshold level is you know because we may be under that threshold so i mean uh i can tell you
you don't know what to get started yeah i don't know what to get started yeah i don't know what to do
do to do
uh zero to 40 so tracking up to 40 40k a month of revenue is 3500 bucks a year
40k a month in revenue tied to ads as a uh basically revenue running through infusion
so if we're selling if we're selling 50k a month i mean we're selling usually like 60 or 70k a month
right now but uh so that would be the next higher tier that's the next higher tier which is 3500
3500 every six months basically okay all right well i mean it's depends on what it uh you know what
whether it gives us actionable action yeah and it is fully guaranteed like they got like a 90 90 day
set up and 100 money back guarantee if you're not feeling it for whatever reason okay so from a
tech perspective and i'm just going to i'm going to say this is the last thing just from a high level
with the priorities of what we should add or tweak i'm going to say that um the deliverability
thing potentially you know for such a minimal cost if we can get our emails in front of
10 or 20 percent more than we are you know like going in from 20 to 22 percent or 24 percent that
that's a no-brainer just you know in at least i would i would think um we uh
the other stuff is really just seeing things better um and then um well i guess there's also
really implementing this 30 day or this this thing of getting people to consume you know really
having a a a clear uh picture of are they getting the emails are they logging into the portal are they
doing things um so so yeah so i would say yeah deliverability uh i would strongly consider you know
making the portal switch potentially like i think that would give you a lot more power and it depends
like depends how many offers you have too right like you know part of the part of the power of
memberium for us is the fact that you know i can run targeted ads to people based on what they've
bought and haven't bought or you know because we have 50 different little things in there that they
could buy and like i said like we know that the more little front-end products somebody buys the
more ready they are for coaching right like um so that's important um the other thing i would say to
you just based on on really your market and your niche would be you know like if you're not doing
a lot of direct mail i would start really looking at some direct mail stuff like mailing out the sales
letter uh and there's a there's a really good software called postalytics.com that uh that you can
automate sending out postcards or mail pieces and it it can do a lot of tracking as well like telling you
like when the thing actually hit the mail and did they you can do personalized urls so you can track
if they click the link on the postcard and stuff like that so there's a bunch of different things
you can do with it okay we are worldwide so one of the issues for us in sending mail is is uh you know
just well obviously it's different sending it to people in the u.s compared to right right yeah and we
only send direct mail most 99 of the time we only send to our to our domestic customers uh unless
it's again something for like the coaching program where look even if even if it cost me 100 bucks to
send you a sales letter you're you're buying a right thousand dollar program it's worth it yeah
i did appreciate getting the the backpack and the um and the specialty teas although uh uh i'm not using
the backpack but i am starting to enjoy the teas but it was like i i told richard i got an interesting
box here today you know from from me five yeah that was you should see you should see what we send our
mastermind group members every time we do like during covid we had to switch to virtual so like that the
mastermind box that arrived before every event was was literally an event in itself in terms of
all right stuff we put in there but yeah okay all right well um thanks for staying on the call so
long um i have a lot to work on and uh you know i guess i'll let you know how far i get the next time
i see you sounds good yeah and i'll check on the cash pops thing so just log into the main portal later
later today and you should see you in there okay all right thanks a lot all right take care
