---
title: "Tech 2021-11-24 22:59:47"
date: 2021-11-25
duration: 1h 39m
duration_seconds: 5954
vimeo_id: 649742012
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-11-24 22:59:47

**Date:** 2021-11-25 | **Duration:** 1h 39m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. In the sense of like, you know, the art of it all, because it'll be just a video sales
letter with some basic background, but more so just learning how to do it just to save
a bit right now as I get things kind of going and have invested in the program. I wouldn't mind learning how to do it rather than always just trying to outsource it.

Sweet. Cool. Well, you're the only one on. So that gives us, if somebody else pops on, I'll see if they have something quick that
they want to deal with and then kind of come back to you. But I wouldn't want to take up the call for anyone's got questions.

How do I share? I'm not really good with this. Oh, there it is. I think share screen. Yep.

I might have to go to my systems preferences. It's saying so. I don't know why it always does that. Let me see. Okay.

Give me a sec. It's, uh, I think there's a button I have to click. I'm not really too, I'm not useless, even though it may seem like that, but I, uh, not
sure what these, okay, let's see here. Zoom, click. Okay.

Um, let's see if that worked. Boom. Is it working? Yep. There we go.

Is that my screen we're looking at? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So this was the funnel.

I just, like I said, I just clicked build new funnel. Um, so even like pathways to, to, you know, changing a domain name and, and, uh, things
like that. But I'm, I'm happy to just start with something basic that I could say I learned today and
just make sure I took notes. And, um, I don't know what steps you take, but feel free to fire away off the best suggested
road here. Got it.

All right. Yeah. So yeah, let's just go kind of, we'll go start, start to finish pretty much for at least,
you know, squeeze page, sales page, order form. Yeah. I mean, we can just kind of build all these out.

So, uh, so first thing you have to do is just kind of select templates. So pick anything you like, usually I, I pick the kind of, yeah, something like that clean
and simple. So you can change it or redesign it later. Yeah. I can edit that stuff too later.

We don't really, yeah, you can, you can change all this kind of stuff. Um, and so, so just a couple of things. So the, the, the biggest thing that I see a lot of people kind of make a mess of inside
of ClickFunnels is the URLs, meaning they'll, they'll leave things like that, like squeech
page D zero zero one zero. Like that's just horrible. Um, so I tend to fall, I tend to follow kind of a pretty strict naming convention for every
funnel and every, every page in a funnel kind of has a unique, uh, part of the URL that
becomes valuable later on down the line where, when you're doing tracking and setting up tag
manager and all that kind of stuff.

So for instance, anything, it's a squeeze, but anything where somebody is kind of filling
out an opt-in form. Um, so typically the structure is name of the funnel dash reg for REG for a registration page. Um, and then dash what it was that they, you know, the name of the thing that they registered
for. Right. So in this particular case, this would be potentially, you know, the low back pain funnel dash
reg dash, you know, whatever back pain.

So that you're talking about like up here. Right. Right. So where you change that. So you gotta, and this, this is the tricky thing about ClickFunnels is that every, every page
in ClickFunnels has basically two different URLs, right?

So you've got this main URL, which is where you're going to always send traffic to. Uh, and then because you can have split testing in ClickFunnels, the control page has a different
URL. And then if you were to build a split test page, that would be the variation and that would
have a different URL as well. So, so we start at the high level, right? So, so click on her publishing, first of all.

Oh, publishing. Yeah. Yeah. And it has my torch. That's my local gym.

Uh, I don't know if the other guy on my last funnel, uh, uh, set up my back pain, but
I do have a website. He must've done something. Cause we do have a funnel up. I just went ahead and changed my front end offer. So I do have a funnel up.

So, uh, hopefully the back pain can be typed in there or what have you, but, uh, yeah, go
ahead. Like, yeah. Or you, I mean, you can, you can call it LBP or something like that. If you wanted to, like, as long as it makes sense to you at the end of the day. So the funnel step name, that doesn't really matter.

That's only what's going to show in the sidebar there. Uh, so as you're navigating through the stuff, so that's really just for you to, to know which
page is what, uh, but so the path is where we're going to set this. So let's just make it simple. Let's make it LBP dash reg dash ebook. Right.

So, and everything, everything lowercase always. Oh, uh, it'll be, um, what Todd would call a traffic captivation. Like it's just, uh, there won't be an ebook. Do I, should I still type in ebook or, uh, what, what will be, what are they? So the way he has it set up for me, I really don't know if he just did this for me and
made it hard for me, but, uh, I'll be running cold traffic to, um, what he, he, at least
the last time I spoke to him on the two private calls I had, he said anything over 40, I think
49 or whatever, he puts a traffic captivation page.

So it would just be a headline. Um, and then you would click to get access to the content. Um, I've never learned, I mean, I know of all kinds of ways, but he, he seems to be
adamant, at least in my stuff that, um, there, he doesn't believe in the lead magnet. So, uh, that's fine. Yeah.

So, so, so again, you can just name it LBP dash reg dash TC for traffic captivation or
something like that. Okay. But make every, always, all URLs are always lowercase. Okay. So.

Oh, yeah. Good call. Okay. And then click update funnel step. Okay.

So now, so now you've just set it. So like, you know, again, the URL to this page is going to be that LBP dash dash dash TC. But if you click on the little gear icon underneath the page, this one. Yep. So now you'll notice that this thing has its own URL path, which was, you know, squeeze page
in some number or whatever.

So typically what I do is I change that to be exactly the same thing. LBP dash reg dash TC dash C. It's got to be different. And so since this is the control version of, of this page, I use dash C on this one. If you were to create a page to split test against it, it would be the same thing.

LBP dash reg dash TC dash V. Cause that's the variation page. It just keeps it super simple, but that keeps everything kind of in line. So just click update page there. Okay.

So let's just pick out all the templates and get this domain structure first. Then we'll flip over to infusion and do some of the infusion. Okay. I just have a quick question up here. It says my gym name.

Yep. Yep. So is that a default setting or like a. Yeah. So by default, when you create a new funnel, everything kind of flips over to, to the click
funnels domains, go under settings under the blue.

First of all, do you already have the domain configured to a click funnels? That's the thing. I mean, it should be, I can go check if you want us to go to the white. Like I said, I built out a full funnel, but I, I, I ended up making a new front end. So I already have one built that should be tied into the freedom from back pain website.

Okay. So it should be configured. Is there an easy way to check? Yeah. Just go to that settings tab.

Okay. And then where it says domain and then drop down list. See, is it in there? Oh yeah. There it is.

It's perfect. Yeah. Yep. So. Okay.

Okay. Close out that blue. Ask me. That blue. Right.

Get rid of that thing. Yeah. So I just scroll all the way. Now at some point, you know,
we will set up Google tag manager and put those tracking codes or your Facebook tracking code
and all that kind of stuff in there as well. We can come back and do that towards the end though.

Okay. Uh, yeah. So scroll all the way down. Save and update settings. I was going to ask just quickly too.

Every time I see people mention CRMs these days, I don't hear a lot about infusion soft
coming up anymore. Is it, uh, still a better one? I know Todd does use it, but he's probably got so much vested interest because he has
so many things in there. But, uh, are there different options out there? Uh, there's, there's certainly different options out there.

There's still not another option that I, you know, I'm the CTO as, uh, there's still
nothing else that I would switch to, even if we didn't have to migrate anything. Okay. Right. So from a report, from a functionality standpoint and a pricing standpoint, and most importantly,
a reporting standpoint, there's still nothing that touches it. Okay.

Good to know. So, um, okay, so, so yeah. All right. So now we got that. So if you go back to the squeeze page, now you'll see that the domain is now set to that.

Got it. Yeah. Perfect. All right. So now go to the sales page.

This one's just going to be like the video of VSL. So I just need a video. Yeah. Any one of those. Something like this might be, could change it later.

Yeah. Like I said, I'm building the, the, the VSL. But I'd rather not just do nothing when I'm stuck on some writing. Right. So now we're going to do the same thing.

So click over to the publishing tab. We'll call this. So, uh, so LBP. So typically the sales page, right? Anything that contains the details of the program, I use the dash details.

So LBP, LBP dash details dash VSL, if you want. And update. So in fact, yeah, I was going to say, it's usually easiest to copy that. And that way, a little gear icon, you can just paste it, add the dash C. And that would have made sense here.

Details. Details. Yep. Dash VSL. Dash C.

I'm going to get, you should have it in my general year. Perfect. All right. Now let's do the order form. Is there a basic one here that you might suggest?

Like this one maybe? Or? Yeah. I mean, just, it's, so the, depends whether you want the, the two-step type, uh, order box. Or just the kind of the, which you don't really need a two-step because they've already opted in.

Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, yeah. So either there's the one at the top of the page that you can use for simple, like that order recap one. Oh, that's a good starting point.

So same thing. We're just checking the names on this. So LBPs order forms are always dash order. Uh, and so LBP dash order, and then maybe whatever the name of the product is. I don't know if I'm going to keep that name, but, uh,
the thing about the tech is, uh, if I don't go back and do it again, I start to, you know, forget it.

But if I'm always in there, I'm comfortable with like getting the hang of this stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and confirmation. So yeah, any of those, either the classic. Oh, you're right, we've got to pick a, uh, okay. Yeah, any of those are fine.

I'll just pick one of these, like I said, I can play with that later. Uh, yeah, so same thing. So LBP dash, this time it's just LBP dash confirmation. That's it. Yeah, that's pretty much it.

Okay. Perfect, and then you can delete that thank you page. You don't actually need that. All right. So that's at least for the structure of the funnel, for the most part, that's, that's most
of the setup and click funnels now.

So, uh, let's talk about tracking for a minute. So do you have a Google analytics account? Do you have a Facebook ad account already set up any of that stuff? He, uh, uh, uh, at, uh, at the time he had me start out with, uh, so I don't have a, I mean,
I have Facebook ads, but not for, it wouldn't be for my back pain. I'd be tied into my gym.

So I don't think that I can pull that off, but Todd at the time wanted me on YouTube ads
to start. Okay. And so I went in and have, I have a Google account for it. I think I got a couple of tags, global tags and whatever the other one is called, but
I don't, I don't think I set up analytics, um, um, and got anything beyond that. Gotcha.

Okay. So that, that's, for the most part, that's probably fine. Like the, I mean, the, the stats in here are, are typically good enough to, you know, give
you the numbers that you're going to need at this stage anyways. Um, and then, yeah, we'll just want to add the, the, the main Google pixel and the conversion
goals, uh, into here, but we can, and we can just hard code those in there for now. We can look at tag manager down the road because that's, that's, that's a whole nother hour
set up.

Yeah. I'm not looking to, uh, like I said, Todd has, has it step-by-step. My main concern is the writing, the messaging, and, you know, I'll work on this stuff. And as, as money comes in, I'll obviously outsource things that I don't think are of value
to grow the business. Right.

Got it. Sweet. All right. So let's go to Infusionsoft now then. Okay.

Um, oh, delete some of these. I was looking at Todd's intro to the bestseller thing. Um, I'm not a fan of replicating stuff, but I needed some inspiration. Uh, okay. Uh, Infusionsoft.

Yeah. Okay. Um, looks like it's a bit slow on the computer, but, um. And do you, do you know if you've integrated? Uh, have you integrated, uh, have you integrated Infusionsoft with ClickFunnels, the payment
processing?

Yeah. Like, um, there's campaigns built in this one here, back pain program. This is my current, um, well, it'll be my new backend offer with a new sales message. But, uh, yeah, this guy did some, whatever he needed to do. So, yeah, it's integrated.

Okay. So, uh, well, then the question would be, did he integrate it the right way? So we'll, we'll check that in a minute. All right. But so, so are you going to use that campaign sequence or are you creating a new campaign?

No, uh, I'll have to create, uh, uh, um, a new one. I'll just keep that one for later. I mean, I can tweak it, but yeah, I'll create a new one. So, um, yeah, so create your own should I just name it what the product is or, uh, yeah,
name, name of the product dash conversion. So, so typically, so typically when I build campaigns and Infusion there, there's really
only two types of campaigns.

There's a, there's a conversion campaign and there's a, uh, a customer campaign, right? So conversion is everything that happens to get that person to buy all the offers in a
particular funnel. Um, and then customers, everything that happens after they buy those things to deliver what
they bought. Uh, so I, I typically split those two things up. You could technically do it all in one campaign, but then things get messier.

Um, so right now we'll, sorry, uh, sorry to interrupt. So the, the customer campaign or the customer one is, is doing what it's just delivering
the, like delivering the links and content. Yeah. Whatever it is they bought, it's just a membership site, any, uh, you know, any nurture sequence
to get them to consume it, like all that kind of stuff. Got it.

Got it. Okay. Um, so, uh, yeah, I don't know what, um, I guess he was just using click funnels or should
I just use the company here, whatever this, uh, yeah, if you have, if you're running multiple
companies inside infusion, that's probably the cleanest thing. Yeah. I ended up getting a second account or something for 60 bucks.

I can't remember exactly, but, uh, there was a few little loopholes to go through, but
yeah, I, I, I do have two in here. Yeah. Okay. So click save. All right.

So the first thing we need is the opt-in form. So grab the web form submitted goal. And then, uh, double click on that. Now, again, from, uh, from a tracking standpoint, there's, there's typically some, some more advanced
stuff that we do on our opt-in forms with some, some hidden fields to, to track, uh, you know,
what was the, the source and what campaign did they come from? All that kind of stuff.

If right now everything you're going to be doing is kind of coming from YouTube, you don't
necessarily need to, to go to that level. Um, so we'll just stick here with first name email. Do you want phone numbers or no? So is this, this is connecting to click funnels, meaning like these are the two boxes that I
would want on the click funnels opt-in or page or, or what's this exactly? Correct.

Yeah. So for every, we're going to design the form inside of click funnels. So the look and feel will be designed inside of click funnels, but all the fields that you
create in click funnels need to correspond to a field on this form. Okay. Yeah.

That's a good question. I mean, I, I know from a standpoint of the most opt-ins you would just add email, but
I mean, I, I don't know how, I mean, I guess the question is, are you going to call them? If you're not going to call them, then no, no, I'm not going to call them, but, but I
have heard people just say email only, of course, that you won't have a name to address them
by, but, uh, correct. Yeah. So, so what I would do is I would just click on the little gear icon and make first name
optional.

That way we don't have to come back and change the form later. That way you can collect it or not collect it. You can run a split test to see. So click on that little wrench in the blue tab. Um, yeah, just switch that record.

No, no. Leave it checked, but just uncheck the required box down below. Oh, got it. Okay. Okay.

So that's good for now. First name and emails, all you really need. Uh, so go to the thank you page. And now, and so now we're going to, when you're going to change this. So in that dropdown, select, uh, the other option there, which is thank you page to display
at the top.

Oh, um, which, oh, up here. I gotcha. Change that to web address. And, uh, go back to click over to click funnels for a minute. So now you want the URL of the sales page.

Yep. Okay. Yeah. This stuff I would not have known. Uh, and then click on the settings tab and check that box that says, don't use Google
recapture.

Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Uh, and if you wanted to get notified every time somebody opted in,
you can put your email down below and it would send you an email. Every time somebody opts in, I almost never do that. So I don't need to know that. Okay, great. And then click on the, so you're pretty much done with all the settings here.

Before you can get the form code that we need to put into ClickFunnels, we've got to publish the entire campaign. So for now, just click on the box, click on the little top right where it says draft, switch that to ready. Great, and now back out. Okay, now drag a sequence over. Okay, and then call the, so first of all, click before you even, well, it's already highlighted.

So just change this to, you know, emergency plan did not buy. Okay, and double click on where it says web form submitted and just change that to emergency plan opt-in, just the text below it. Oh, you want to name your form so you can find them later, otherwise infusion becomes a mess. Okay, great. So you can connect the form to the sequence, and then go into the sequence.

And so the first thing we're going to do is apply a tag that they opted in. And so drag that apply remove tag, the first icon in process, yep. And double click it. And now I don't know how you have your tags set up. Either do I.

Typically, the way I do it is I have a category of tags called offers, right? And so all of my off, all of the tags related to any offers that I'm making are in that category. And then typically it will be, like in this case, it would be emergency plan dash opted in, right? And then click create. And it's going to ask you to choose a category.

Go ahead and create. Oh, you got some categories. Let's see which you've been doing it here. So it looks like you've been creating categories for each product, which is the other way to do it. Not so much.

What had happened was before I even met Todd, I had bought a bunch of stuff and was getting help from a guy named Frank Kern. So a lot of these funnels were part of an offer. He sold one. So these auto launch, auto Webby, that's four day cash machine. I've never used them.

That's all his stuff. Got it. Got it. Got it. My stuff isn't much.

There's not much of my stuff here. So I never deleted them just to go back and look, maybe looking, but maybe times have changed. That was like five years ago when I bought that thing. So, yeah, the only one I could see that's mine would be these little guys here, maybe the Goodwill Torch and Freedom from Back Pain. But most of those are from his, they were already built into Infusionsoft because part of it was you get Infusionsoft and I'll pluck these into your.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I remember the offer. Actually, I think I might have them in one of my old accounts as well. All right. Let's just make it simple.

So create a new category. Let's just call it offers. And apply category. Great. All right.

So now we know that they opted in for the emergency plan offer. And so now we're just going to drag out some placeholders here. So add a delay timer. And we're going to wait, I don't know, two hours. Two hours, any day.

Any time. Save. And you can spread those out a little bit. Just a little cleaner for you. There you go.

All right. And then drag an email message out there. And you can call that, you know, emergency plan. Dash. Did not DNB.

I use DNB for did not buy. Just abbreviate. Dash one. And dash one or no. Yeah, assuming you're assuming you're going to have multiple emails in this campaign.

Okay. And again, yeah, just spread it out a little bit. All right. And we don't have to put anything in there right now. But so this is basically where you would build a campaign.

So anybody that opts into the VSL but doesn't buy, you would now follow up with them with a series of emails, sending them back to the order for them to get them to buy. Right. Gotcha. Yeah. I can do the email sequence and stuff like that.

Gotcha. Yeah. Right. So typically we wait a couple hours, give them a chance to buy. And then, you know, next day, another email.

And then day after that, third email. And at that point, they're pretty much dead. But so for now, you can switch this from draft to ready. Just so at least we have those two steps done. And go back.

And then obviously the goal of this campaign is get them to purchase the products. So drag out the product purchased. Is that over here? Yep. Yep.

Right after that sequence. And then connect those two. And then do we have the product set up in Fusion yet that you're selling? No. No, no, this is that I don't have.

Yeah. Okay. So let's click on that. Don't exit out. You can leave this open.

Just like duplicate this tab to a new tab in Chrome. Oh, I see. Like just. Just like. Yeah.

Or right click on the tab name and choose duplicate. And. Up with it. Okay. I've never done that before.

What's right click on a Mac again? Is it control? Or. Or. Command.

Command. I don't know if I do it or not. That's fine. Either way. Or just open a new tab and copy the URL.

Okay. Yeah. Okay. I'll do that. Maybe.

In fact, just leave the. Oh. I was going to say. You just go to get rid of everything after the dot com. Okay.

Great. Great. All right. Now. So under the.

Next to the logo. The menu next to the logo. Go to. Products. Under the e-commerce.

Add a product. Is it a one-time purchase or. Yes. Yeah. So hit save.

And so put in the default product price. I'm going to have to test a couple of things. But. Yeah. So in fact, that's good.

Cause I'll show. I'm going to show you how to set up price testing as well. Todd had my old one. That went. I would prefer to try.

It's just so different. So I would set this price to be the highest price that you think you're going to charge. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.

Yeah. I mean, yeah, that would be. I know. I mean, for coming. You know, you got your content angle, which this stuff is not seen, but you got your just
logic and marketing angles.

So yeah, this would be as high as I'd go for this front end. Yeah. All right. So. So scroll down and hit save, but not save and search.

Just save. Okay. So now we've set kind of the base price for this thing. That's, that's the most we're going to charge for it now. But let's say you wanted to split test, you know, a one 29 and a 99.

So instead of creating multiple products at different prices, the easiest way to do that
is to go under subscription plans and set this up as basically a one day subscription
that only bills once. So bill every, so type the number one in that box, one, and then change the option, the day
and number cycles equals to one. And the plan price is whatever, one 29. Yeah. I was thinking one 29.

And then click add. So what exactly does this do? Like somehow. So it does two things. So number one, it's the, this way, when you run a sales report, uh, this way you can run
a sales report and see, like instead of how, if you start creating multiple products for
every price point, then your sales reports becomes a mess and it's not easy to see.

All right. Well, how many total, total units of this product that I, that I sell at all prices? Uh, so this just kind of is a lot easier, uh, to then have all sales for this product
grouped under that product name, regardless of what price it was sold at. You can always filter the sales reports to say, you know, show me the people that bought
the emergency plan and the invoice amount was one 29. Right.

So you can, you can later filter it out. Um, and then in click funnels, when you're, when we're setting up the product on the order
form, you'll then, all you'll have to know is the one 49 price will be set up as a product. And then the one, any of the other prices that you want to test will be set up as a subscription. And so I'll, I'll, I'll clarify that when we go and set up a product in there. Um, but this is the easiest way just to kind of test different price.

And, and if you want to test a subscription or a two pay or a three pay, right? So if you wanted to do a, a three pay here of whatever, 49 bucks, then you could say bill
every one month for three cycles and the plan price is $49. Got it. Yeah. That's pretty awesome.

I have a question just off the beaten path. I don't know if it's part of your field, but when people do subscriptions, how many people,
how many people get burned? Like they, they, you know, three pay and then they, they pay twice and take the content
and cut loose. Like, you know, if that's like how that works in, in, in, in online selling. Uh, I mean, it's like, it's part of the game to some degree.

I would say, I think our default rate is, is maybe in the 10% range somewhere around there. Um, but by the same token, like if that third payment doesn't go through, I mean, yeah, they
lose access to it. Sure. They could have downloaded it. Look, anybody that, anybody that's interested in stealing your stuff is just going to buy
it and refund anyways.

Right. Right. Like, so if you, if you got a reef, if you got a 30 day guarantee, like that, that's where
your thieves will take advantage of that first before they bail on payments. Um, so yeah, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even worry about it. It's a cost of doing business.

You'll never know about it. There's, it's already sites that exist that have every info product in the world available
for download. If you know where they are, like, it's just, it's part of the game. Um, but okay. All right.

So anyways, that's how we set up, uh, that's how we set up the pricing stuff. So now you can flip, now you can flip back to the campaign. Like flip back on the tab up here. Yep. Yep.

Okay. Uh, yeah, go back into it. I guess we stepped out there. Okay. And so now we've got the, so now you can double click on the product purchased and select purchase
type is going to be products and the product is going to be that emergency plan.

And so now here you'll, you'll have options as you, as you add things, right? So, and they, they need to do a better job of this, unfortunately, because I don't know
why they don't show the prices, but so the one-time purchase only is going to be the one
49, the, so let me just back up. So I have to click both of these or. Yeah. So first you got to choose the product and then, and then you can have different goals
based.

So just delete that for a second. Just, I just want to explain it to you. Right. So click on the product. Don't click anything else.

Click that. This one here. Yep. Yeah, I did. I didn't grab it.

Like it takes. No, it did. So what I'm saying is you now have, you now have multiple options, right? So the first option is any purchase option means, meaning if they buy this product at any
price, then this goal fires. If you wanted to track the people that bought it at the one 49 versus the one 29 separately,
then you would create, you would choose one time purchase only for this goal.

And then you would create another product purchase goal and choose the other one, the
every day for one day. Cause that's the other price. Right. And then you could tag track differently. Okay.

Then you could see later on when you're looking at the report for this campaign. Okay. 12 people bought it at the one 49 price and 10 people bought it at the one 29, whatever. Right. So you just have those three options.

I just want you to be aware of it. But like I said, unfortunately they do, they're stupid about it and they don't tell you which
price is, which sometimes you got to guess. So in this case, we're going to keep it simple. Any purchase option and, and then based on how they pay for it, you can also kind of
filter this goal, but, so we're just going to choose as long as all you're going to accept
is credit cards, then that's fine the way it is. So you save.

So click save. Yep. And now just double click on where it says product purchase. And again, just rename that. Nope.

So there's clicking on the goal and then there's clicking on the. Oh yeah. Right. Sorry. It's fine.

This one. No, on the text that says product purchased. Oh, got it. Yeah. Yeah.

And just rename that to emergency plan purchase. Well, emergency planned any price basically. Okay. All right. And now we're going to drag one more sequence out there.

Okay. And just call that emergency plan purchased. Connect those two. And go into there. And so all we're going to, all we're doing here is we're going to add it.

So add, apply, remove the tag. Add, sorry, a which tag. Apply, remove tag. Gotcha. Yeah.

And then double click it. Apply. Apply. And then emergency plan dash purchased. Oh, are we making one or.

Yeah. Yeah. We're going to create it since we don't have it yet. Click create and you're going to category, choose that offers category again. And apply category and save and switch this out of draft mode.

And then back up. Okay. So just high level and just to make sure. So obviously, you know, the web form opt-in is what starts them into this campaign. You know, your goal inside of infusion is always to have sequences in between goals, right?

So the goal of this campaign after they opt-in is to get them to buy. That's why you have the purchase goal. And then we have that sequence in between those two goals, because if they opt-in and don't buy,
we want to email them to the, till they do buy. And then once they do buy, we just want to track that they bought because of this campaign. So that's why that tag that we just applied is being applied after they purchase, right?

So if you had multiple campaigns, like let's say you had an emergency plan webinar, right? Then in that tag after the purchase would have been emergency plan webinar-purchase. So that, you know, they bought from the webinar versus this VSL funnel or whatever, right? And in fact, to some degree, this probably should have been named emergency plan VSL. But you get the gist of it, right?

Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah, no, I get it for sure. So if somebody went through and bought, somehow it bypasses the did not buy tag, like? Yeah, so basically whenever a goal fires, right? So whatever's supposed to happen in that goal, which in this case is purchasing the product,
everything before that goal stops, right?

So all those emails and did not buy sequence would stop. And if there were five other sequences before that, they would all stop as well. Unless you don't want them to, there's a way to override it. But in most cases, you want them to. And how about, like, if they just tore right through the funnel and bought right away?

Like, it bypasses the did not buy tag because they just went right through and bought? Yeah, so if you remember, so the only way they can get to the order page is if they opt in first, right? Yeah. That's why we have the opt-in. And then the first, so as soon as they opt in, we're just going to tag them that they opted in immediately
so that we know that they opted in, but it's going to wait two hours to send that email.

The reason it's waiting two hours is if within the two hours they buy, then that goal fires,
it pulls them out of that campaign. They'll never get the emails. They'll just get the tag that they purchased. Got it now. Yeah.

Thank you. Yeah. All right. Cool. And then one other just quick note just to make your life easier is when you're creating email,
so we're going to have a did not buy campaign with emails that are linking to the order form.

It's a lot easier to set up the links at the campaign level. So go under that actions menu. Actions menu? Up in the top right next to the blue publish button, right? So choose the links option.

Second from the left. Second from the left. Links, yeah. Yeah. And then just click add a link.

And you might put in two in here, right? So put emergency plan sales page. And then in that URL, click over to click funnels. Grab that URL. I think this grabs it too, this button here.

No, that opened it. Maybe not. Oh, that takes me to the link. Okay. Yeah.

Get rid of that. Okay. So let's go to that. Just paste that in there and then hit save. Add link, you mean?

The little disk icon. Oh, okay. This? Yeah. And then let's add another link as well for the emergency plan order form.

What exactly is here. Just making sure I'm following things. Yeah, you'll see in a minute the value. Oh, okay. And click save.

And then click close. Now, just for, just to show you how this function works, go into that emergency plan did not buy sequence. And click on that email. Just pick anything, pick. Oh, yeah.

Usually I, I use the blank one. Yeah, that's fine. When I do stuff. Yeah. Great.

Now, just highlight some text in there. Anything. Well, just click like one word. Oh, I see. Okay.

And then click the little link icon in the toolbar, Bobby. Oh, the hyperlink. Okay. Yeah. All right.

So, so typically you would have pasted those URLs in there. And then if those URLs ever changed, you'd have to go back and edit every single email. You'll see that that URL thing is a dropdown menu. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. I've used it. Yeah. So now you can choose campaign links.

I've not used it like this though, but yeah. And then it has a campaign. Like that's pretty awesome. Right. And then that way you only have to change it under the camp under where you just set them
up and it would change it in all the emails at once.

Got it. Just checking up there. Okay. Yeah. That's great.

Let's try to remember all of it, but. Yeah. The nice thing is, this is purely your call at the moment. So you'll have the whole recording of this to, to, to review anytime. Oh, okay.

Oh, I see though. So, okay. That's fantastic. Yeah. Yeah.

Oh, if there's a recording. Yeah. Like I said, it's not like the lack. I mean, granted, I don't mind stating facts that I'm not tech savvy, but when, when it's
not my job to make a whole bunch of funnels, it's harder to hold onto. Right.

Right. So I might try to just practice some stuff just to keep it sharp. So, so I know it moving forward, even though I can just delete it after. Yep. Perfect.

Yeah. Okay. So for the most part, this campaign's done. So back out. Okay.

And, and then click publish. It's going to tell you some things aren't ready and some things aren't personalized. That's all fine. Just click publish. Okay.

Now go back to edit mode for a minute and now double click on the opt-in form and go to
the code tab and go to the last option there, that HTML code unstyled. Click on those two little, yep, click that, that copies it. All right. Now let's go into click funnels and go to the squeeze page and edit that page. Nope.

Click that. Okay. Which edit is on this page. Oh, I see. Yeah.

Nevermind. Sorry. Yeah. Looking at the gear. Yeah.

Okay. So right now this has a name and an email. So for infusion, you always kind of want to separate first name and last name. So click on that name input box down at the bottom. Yeah.

Click on that. So just change the input type from full name to first name. And, and you can change the placeholder text to say, enter your first name. Oh, no. Nope.

Okay. Right there. Enter your first name. Oh, why is that? Okay.

Okay. Okay. And right now, right now we can leave it as not required. If you later on decide you wanted to make it required, that's where you would set it's required,
but it doesn't really matter for what we're doing right now. All right.

So under settings now, go to integrations. So you'll, you'll, you'll see that he did set up the Infusionsoft API and stuff. You'd never want to use that for opt-in forms for a variety of reasons, other than just trust me,
you don't want to use it for opt-in forms. So choose the, the, the null option, the HTML form. And under action, there's only one option, integrate existing form.

And then you're going to paste that code that you got from Infusion. Now scroll, hold on, scroll up a little bit. Like all those, see where it says, see where the last form tag is. Then there's all those scripts stuff below it. Like right around here.

Right, right, right above, see where it says that, you know, forward slash form. Like let's scroll back up. Okay. Right, right. Oop, you just passed it.

Right there. Yeah, I see this one here. All right. Everything after that, select and delete. So everything after this word form, like below it is gone.

Yep. All that stuff. Delete it. Okay, perfect. And then parse and save form.

And now scroll down. And this is where you just kind of match it up. So now the first name field on the Infusion form, Matt, select the first name box. And then email field goes to the email box. Great.

And that's it. So now this, that's how you wire up an opt-in between ClickFunnels and Infusion. Okay. So click save. And if you want to, you can click preview.

Go ahead and put in your name and email. Go ahead and put in your name and email. Okay. Okay. Perfect.

Okay. Perfect. So, so now go back to Infusion for a minute. Perfect. So, so now go back to Infusion for a minute.

Oh, and so back out of here. Oh, I don't know why I logged you out. Just log in. I don't want to hold you up past the time. So just.

No, no, we're, we're, we're good, man. We, we. Go to a, there's typically a two hour call anyway. So we just, we only say hour in case nobody shows up. So we're not sitting here for two hours.

Oh, I see. Oh, so you, you, you've seen people chime in even like 20 minutes late. Yeah. Yeah. Right at the end or whatever.

Um, okay. So, uh, yeah, go back to the campaign. Okay. Um, and then, right. So you see that there's one contact in there.

If you switch the reporting tab, you would see that he's in there. Uh, and then, so as I'm testing, I'm showing you exactly how I would test. Okay, great. The opt-in worked. It went to the sales page.

The person's in this campaign. I would, if you hover over the little, the first step there, the emergency plan opt-in,
just kind of hover over it, see it turns blue. You can click on that little blue icon that would show you the actual people. Then you can click on, click on the contacts there to open up his contact record. And I would just check the tagging.

So click on the tags and you should see that the emergency plan opt-in tag was applied. Perfect. You scroll down to campaigns. Oh, uh, just scroll down. Uh, there's that campaigns tab.

Up, up, up, up, up, right there in that little. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. So you'll see that he's active in did not buy sequence. And if you scroll down, so the history shows you that he filled up the form, then we applied
the tag and now it's waiting two hours before it does anything else, which would be to send
that other email. Right. And so this is where we're also going to verify, like if, and once you buy, it would take
them out of that did not buy sequence, et cetera.

Got it. Okay. So now let's go back to click funnels. So, so the opt-in part is working right now. Let's set up the order part.

Uh, so are we in click funnels? No. Yes. Well, that's, that's the live version. The, the other tab is the edit version.

No, just click on the other click funnels tab that you're, where's this click funnels
landing page. Oh, okay. So I can delete the sales page. You can close it for now. Sure.

Sure. Okay. Uh, so you can back out of here. Okay. The sales page by default is probably already linked to go to the order form.

So there's really shouldn't be anything you have to do there. Uh, so just click on the order form now. And so now here, all we really got to do is add the product that we're going to sell. So click on the products tab. And we're going to add a product.

Now this is, so you want infusion soft. Um, yeah, we haven't, I haven't done anything yet. I guess it's not, I guess it's not through Stripe. I guess it must be. Yeah.

You don't want it through. You don't want it through. Okay. If you want to process through Stripe, you can do that through infusion soft, but don't
do it through click funnels. Oh, you want, you want the orders to flow directly into infusion.

And this is the only way to do that. Okay. Okay. So no, you don't have to do that. Oh, I goofed it.

Okay. I'll go back. And he did set it up. Right. So that's good.

Okay. So infusion soft. So click on infusion soft again. Okay. Now this is a critical step where you got to make sure you get this right.

So now you got to remember, all right, Hey, am I selling this at the 149 price or the
129 price? Cause you would, cause it won't do 149 the one time, the one time. Perfect. All right. So click on save and next.

And now put in the name of the product. Uh, doesn't, doesn't necessarily have to match what's infusion soft. It's only going to show up on the person's. This is what you want to show on the person's receipt inside. Well, it's what you wanted to show up as the name of the product on the order form and
on their receipt inside of click funnels, but that's, uh, doesn't really matter what
it's called.

Yeah. Like I don't have it. I don't know if that's it. I do like the name to an extent, but, uh, uh, I'll play around that stuff later. Completely irrelevant.

Right. Uh, all right. And now the price, uh, so again, the price should be what they're actually going to be
charged. Keep in mind that chain, this, this price that you enter here is also really for display
purposes only. It's going to charge what is set in infusion soft, regardless of what amount you put into
that box.

Okay. So just always keep that in mind. Um, and now the price display override. So if you had, in most cases, you don't have to change this. Right.

Um, but if you had, if we were doing the one 29 offer, then by default, what would display
would be, you know, one 29 every one day for one days or something like that. Right. It would, it would actually spell out how the subscription is set up in, in infusion. So in that case, you would override the price display and say, you know, just one 29 today
or, or just put the amount one 29, zero, zero, whatever. Again, that just overrides what's going to show up on the order form and the receipt.

Infusion soft's only going to charge them once, but if you, if it's a subscription and you
don't choose anything, then by default, it's going to say something like $25 every day
for three months, every day, whatever. Right. So, so do I do anything with this or is that what I just like to split test? For, for, for a one, when it's a one-time purchase product like this and it's the price
is 149, there's only one payment. You don't have to do anything in there.

Uh, I see anything else. Like if it's a pay plan, like you would put, you know, just, just $49 today, then two monthly
payments are 49. So like describe it. Um, but it doesn't really have any effect on anything. Um, okay.

And I'll scroll down. So where it says infusion soft products, scroll back up a little bit right there. So now fine. So scroll, let's scroll all the way down. It's always going to be at the bottom of the list, whatever you just added.

That's 149. Um, and now, so the delete the client invoices. So by default, if I try to buy the product and my credit card fails, it will create an
order inside of infusion soft that is unpaid for, and it will potentially try to recharge
that card every couple of days based on whatever your, your recharge settings are set inside
of infusion. Um, and if it never goes through, then you'll have an invoice inside of infusion with an
outstanding balance. If you want that to happen, like for us, we leave that unchecked.

And if, uh, if, and when a payment fails like that, our support team goes through all those
declines every day and tries to contact the customer and get the payments go through or
it takes a PayPal or whatever. Um, if you don't want that and you don't want your infusion soft cluttered up with invoices
that haven't been purchased or whatever, then you can check that delete declined invoice and
they won't get added to infusion unless the payment actually goes through. You'll still be able to see them inside of click funnels. But, um, so that's just a personal preference on how you want your account set up. Um, so this button also controls whether they continuously get charged or try to get charged.

Correct. Basically. Yes. Okay. I wouldn't want to keep trying if their car didn't go through.

Okay. So then click, click, delete declined invoices. So then, so what that means is that infusion won't keep trying. The person can still, you know, resubmit the order again with a different credit card and
try to get to go, to go through on his own. And then once this succeeds, then it'll show up in infusion as a sale.

Gotcha. And you guys keep it blank and then you see those and then you personally reach out to them,
right? Correct. Yeah, we, but we keep it unchecked so that it does create the, the invoices and if you
cause our customer support team just works in infusion, they don't work in click funnels. Um, so they'll see failed invoices inside of infusion every morning and they'll go and
contact those people and try to get the payment to go through.

Happens mostly with international stuff, right? So if you're primarily marketing domestically, it's really not an issue for, unless it's a real
decline, you know, that kind of thing. But just wanted you to be aware of it and know what it is. Um, and then scroll down a little bit more. So pretty much you're done here.

Uh, and you would normally click save and close. Now, if you wanted to add a bump offer to the order form, everything else is exactly the
same, except for that bump product. It's you check that you hit that little toggle that it's a little product. But other than that, uh, it's save and close and you're pretty much done. You can hit save and close.

You don't have to save it next because you don't have to fill out any of the other stuff. So save and close. Holy man. It's, I thought there, uh, yeah, it's a lot of stuff. I'm excited if I can get even the basics for now.

Like I said, I, I'm not going to be a one man show, but, uh, in the beginning, um, I'd like to. Yeah. Well, so, so technically now you're done, right? Technically. So, so if you click on the little arrow to open up that page.

Yeah. This one. Yep. So now you'll see that the product's there. They can fill out their information and complete the order that will create the order inside of Infusionsoft.

Um, only thing you may want to change is on that, uh, on that contact information form. You'll notice the phone number field's not on there. So you typically want to add the phone number field. Okay. So, so you can follow up if something happens with the order, whatever.

Um, so technically that is pretty much all you got to do. The only other thing you would do though would be an infusion. We would now build one more campaign for what happens to the people that buy it. Oh, like a whole new campaign. Right.

Yeah. So go, go to campaign builder. And this, this is super simple. Right. So just go to.

Um, and, uh, how about that Google tag? Like I remember trying to put it into a page and click funnels. I don't know. Do we need that? Or is it cause this guy, I was trying to learn it from this guy sort of, but, um, for my ads
for tracking or.

Yeah. Yeah. So, so you would do two. So if you want to go in. Well, we, we, we can do this first, but that's, that was the other piece I wanted to know.

Cause I think I tried once and I don't know if you can put two codes in one box. Um, anyway, I got confused a bit. It's all good. All right. So yeah, just call this emergency plan dash customer.

Save category. Is this one called, Oh, I think there is a category for, I guess there's not for customer. Can we just put it into the back pain or, or are we making a category? Cause the other one was called, um, I mean, you can have multiple categories. So you can assign a campaign in multiple categories.

So you can assign it to the back pain and to a category called customers. Okay. Right. So. And that just, yeah, go back to there, create a new category.

Call it customer. Or cut cut customer fulfillment or something like that. Great. And you click save. Now this one's pretty straightforward.

We're just going to drag the product purchased, right? That's, that's how they get into this campaign by purchasing the products. And then double click it. Set it up. Just like we did on the other campaign.

So products. Emergency plan. Any purchase option. Your credit card. Great.

Click save. Now, uh, you can rename it to emergency plan purchased. And I'll drag a sequence out. Connect it. And rename it to emergency plan.

Welcome. I should have just used E plan to type less. Yeah. That's right. Yeah.

I usually abbreviate everything I can. As long as it makes sense to you. Yeah. Uh, all right. So open this up and then, uh, apply, remove tag and double click that and just create a
tag called emergency plan, just emergency plan and put that in the, so click create and put
that in the customer's category, customer tags, category, save, drag out an email.

And this will just be emergency plan. Welcome email. Okay. And so that's, you know, Hey, welcome to the program, blah, blah, blah. Here's what's going to happen.

Here's how you access it. Yada, yada, yada, yada. Um, now if you had a membership site, for instance, where they were getting access to the content
and the training and, uh, you know, and there were certain things you had to do to give them
access to that, whether it's apply a tag or send an HTTP post to Thinkific or whatever,
like that, all that stuff would happen here. So after you apply the tag, anything else that needs to happen to give them access would happen. And then you would send them the welcome email.

So you're, you're saying inside that email, because I did use, I think you, you told me
through, uh, through the, um, Facebook to use learn dash and memberium. So that's where my other course, which will be a backend product is hosted. So you're saying that that kind of stuff is done in here. Yeah. So if it was memberium, then there would be a, a set of membership tags for accessing
that course inside of memberium.

And so at the same time that you're applying that customer tag, you would apply the emergency
plan membership tag. Okay. Yeah. I'm not there yet. So it's good to know.

I'll maybe hop on a, uh, a call later on when I get rolling. Um, but, uh, okay. That, that, that, that, yeah, that's good to know. Yep. Uh, and then you can take this out of draft mode if you want for now.

So that tag gets applied and back out. Uh, and that's, that's really all that needs to happen in here other than, uh, you know,
so once you send the welcome email, you could then have another sequence following that,
that, you know, is day one, do this day three, do this day five, do that, whatever, uh, to
get them to consume the course. That kind of thing. For sure. Um, but yeah, that's so that, you know, that just keeps things simple, segregated that way.

Every, cause this way, just so you're clear, like, so now you can have multiple different
campaigns trying to sell the product and you can have this one campaign that regardless
of how anybody buys it, the same things happen. The welcome email gets sent, the tagging happens, like you don't have to keep, keep doing the
same things in multiple campaigns. This is whenever anybody buys this program, everything needs to happen to deliver that
program is going to happen here. Okay. Right.

Uh, okay. So yeah, I mean, then you would publish that and then that would, then this entire funnel
is basically where to go, except for the tracking stuff, which we can, we can add now too as
well. Yeah. If I have the video, I think I might actually just try to practice building out some stuff
or, yeah. Uh, yeah.

And the other thing too, you're like, now you have these as campaign templates, right? So you can, in fact, you may have just want to kind of copy these campaigns and rename
them as, you know, ClickFunnels conversion template and ClickFunnels customer template. Right. And then really then it just becomes a matter of changing, changing the names of stuff,
changing those labels, changing the tags. And, you know, usually the, the welcome emails, we try to leave fairly generic, uh, at least
that initial email.

And it's just, then you, all you got to change is the name of the product they bought, but,
um, but at least that, you know, that that's a way to kind of speed up building some of this
stuff out. Sure. Yeah, no, that's, that's good. Um, for my global tags, I just want to see if I'm, I, um, I, I thought I saved them once
just for my own, but I might not have, um, might have to go back to Google. All right.

You're in recents. Try this Mac. Um,
Yeah, I don't know where I want to put it. I should have saved them. What do you mean?

Oh, you're talking about the, the, uh, the AdWords global tag. Yeah. Like I didn't, yeah. Cause I just wanted to, uh, um, make it my life easy. So I thought I saved them once.

Just going to check. Yeah. Probably not. That's fine. I mean, we can go to AdWords and pull them again.

It's pretty straightforward. Just going to take a quick 60 seconds, 30 second more. Yeah. It's not looking good. Okay.

Uh, oh yeah. Right. We need that. Yeah. That's good.

Open a new tab and go to AdWords. Yeah. Okay. Just gotta go from a few accounts. That's not ready.

Uh, says the account is that because I haven't run ads for a while. It's canceled. Oh, hold on a second. It kicked me back into my old one. Yeah.

Stupid. Okay. Hold on. Yeah. It does that.

Yeah. That one is canceled. I have to reactivate. That was my gym. My gym is on the tail end of.

Hopefully packing it in. Once this gets rolling. Yeah. All right. Uh, so I think it's under tools and settings.

Uh, conversions. Uh, now is that, is that, that, is that the goal you're going to use? Uh, well, Todd sent me to this guy to, um, just get the basics to, uh, just to learn YouTube
ads. And he kind of, he, he helped me. Well, he didn't burst me like his videos helped me set this up.

So this is what I followed for the course. I had no idea what I was doing in here. Yeah, no, that's fine. It's just an active just because there haven't been any, any pages that have triggered it yet. So click on it, uh, which one on the name of, uh, well, either one, to be honest with you, but, uh, and then click on tag set up.

Um, oh, here we go. Yeah. And then install the tag yourself. Uh, let's see. Uh, so that's the global site tag.

So, so yeah, copy that. And then go and click funnels. Now go to, to the setting, the blue setting, settings in the blue note bar. And then put that under the head tracking code box. And tracking.

And then scroll down. Update. Like I could have sworn. I tried to put that tag in any different way. Like, uh, yeah.

Well, no, I mean, there, there is a place where we're going to put the specific conversion. Okay. Event tags, but that puts the global site tag on all the pages in the funnel. Oh, okay. And now go back to, to where you were and scroll down.

And now you want that. And copy that. And so now go to, so now that tag is indicating that somebody opted in. So that goes on the sales page, right? Cause it's, that's where they land after they opt in.

So go to the sales page and edit the page and go under settings. Yeah. This is the one I was thinking. Yeah. Yeah.

Tracking code and put it on, put it under the third code and just paste it in there. Great. Out of it. Yep. And it's safe.

It wants, it wants you to change the page title. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, um, well, this is, I'll fix it later.

You got to change it. Or I won't like it. You do? Yeah. I won't like it.

Yeah. I don't like to bring it back again. Hit save again. So it's, it wants me to just change the. It just changes.

Yeah. Change it. Sun. Scott emergency. Back pain plan.

Anything else? Okay. Or, oh, I mean, eventually like when you. You just have to remember to go back and change this stuff later. So it doesn't.

Yeah. So it makes sense, but. That's good for now to allow you to save it. At least. There's a, I thought there used to be a thing here about the badge.

I don't see. Maybe it's somewhere else, but. Okay. Okay. So click save.

Back out. How much freedom do I have to. Change the page that was chosen. Like if I have to. If for whatever reason I didn't like the page or whatever, whatever you.

What, what, what would happen if I had to make a new page you create in here? So I wouldn't do the sales page. Sorry. Yeah. The sales page mean like, yeah.

Like the overall look of it. Cause it's. So I wouldn't delete it. What I would do is I would create a variation. I would choose the template that I want.

And then once that variation has been set up, then you can go to the control, which is the
one you don't like. And under the gear icon, you can delete that. That one. Cause that, that way you don't have to reset the, you are now, when you create the variation,
you will have to set the slug like we did before, but I would actually. Here, let's just walk through it just so you can kind of see how to do it.

So click create variation. Create variation. Where are we looking for that? Right. Where your mouse is.

Click that button. Oh yeah. Right there. Yeah. Right in front of my face.

Yeah. And then create from template. And so now you can pick a completely different template. Save page and continue. Create page now.

Now for a sales page, you don't have to do anything. If it was an opt-in page, you'd have to copy the opt-in form code again and reset up the
form, all that kind of stuff. And if it was an order form, you'd have to set up the products. Well, no, if you do it this way, you wouldn't have to set up the products again, but for an
opt-in page, whenever you create a variation and you do have to reset up the opt-in form. Okay.

So now go into the control, click the little gear icon on the control. Nope. The other one. This guy. Yep.

And copy that path. Oh yeah. That's one. And then click delete page variation. And now click on the gear here.

And paste that into the path. Like, uh, like, uh, like getting rid of this. Yeah. Yeah. Just always remember that, you know, whenever, whenever a new page is created, it gives it
a horrible URL that makes no sense.

And you don't want to use it. Right. So, uh, so now you've deleted the other page and replaced it with this one. Got it. And those are the only two tags, uh, that that's like, that covers the whole funnel.

Those tags take care of everything. Oh, so we only did the first one, which was the opt-in. So now we've got to do the order form. The purchase one's got to go on the order confirmation page. So go back to AdWords.

So just click back from here. Yeah. Go. Conversions. Yeah.

Same thing. I, I had that. So this one. Yep. Same thing.

Tag set up. Install yourself. Now, all you need is the one at the bottom. We've already installed the global site tags. We just need that.

Copy that. And then that goes on the order confirmation page. Nope. That's the order form. Oh.

Now, does the order form page have anything or no? Nope. Well, I mean, it doesn't now. You could potentially set up a new conversion goal for add to cart, potentially, if you wanted
to, but only if you're going to optimize for that. So.

No. It's under. Nope. It's under track. No good.

No good. Track settings. It's tracking code. Okay. Footer code.

So you, you, you only put one code, like there's only one code can go on these things. Like this specific page. You could have as many as you want. But it wouldn't make sense to have like this page represents that somebody purchased. Right.

So. Yeah. No, I only asked because I came across in my mind because I had tried to do stuff on
my own and that guy to help. And for some reason, I just felt as though there was some code that was overlapping, but
maybe he did something differently or I didn't understand. So that's good to know.

Yeah. But yeah, I mean, you can, you can put as many multiple JavaScripts, you know, so for
instance, you could have the Facebook, you know, purchased event fire on this page as
well. And back where we, back where we added the global site tag code, you could add the Facebook
pixel code as well. Although there's a better way to do Facebook and ClickFunnels now, that's, that's not the
way to do it anymore, but, but whatever. You could have a hot jar code.

You could have lots of other codes. You can, yeah, you can add as many as you want. But yeah, now you should be able to run traffic, track those conversions. You'll see the stats inside of here. The opt-ins will flow into Infusion.

The orders will flow into Infusion. They'll get the welcome email from Infusion once you're done. Yeah, that's fantastic. Yeah. Like I, yeah, I was grateful for, for you to show me everything.

So the tracking you guys do, like for stats, you don't use, like there's not many stats
I would use for, um, in Infusionsoft. Most of you guys, most, most of your stuff, you read the stats in here. Uh, the, the, the honest answer is most of the, most of the stats we look at, we look
at, at a, in a, inside of a $30,000 a year reporting system. Okay. Um, but that said, no, the second, second best thing is, excuse me.

Yes. You can use the stats in here. Hmm. If you have a Zapier account, um, it's actually a good idea to, to send all of your ClickFunnels
orders to a Google sheet through Zapier. Um, and that just lets you see, uh, lets you see at an easier level, which, especially
if you're running multiple campaigns like YouTube and Facebook, and you've got multiple
campaigns going on and all that kind of stuff in the Google sheet, you'd be able, you'd
see every order on a row and you'd be able to see where exactly that order came from, which
shot in here, you can only see it on the stats report.

If you filter, uh, if you filter the report based on those UTMs. Now you do have to set up UTMs for your ads, uh, properly. Um, so are you familiar with UTMs at all? No, no. Okay.

I, I, uh, I'm okay. My other question was going to ask you because I'll let you go. Uh, I really appreciate you taking the extra time was, I think this is a, this is a
the, what I bought into was a six month program. So, I mean, when it's done, when it's done, it's done. I'm guessing, I don't know how that works.

So I'm going to try to utilize. I mean, I was just focusing on a whiteboard here on my, um, campaign. I've got this really. Yeah. Anyway, to anybody else, they're probably thinking like, yeah, whatever, but it's just
a really cool way that I'm going to, um, um, sell this course message wise.

It's like, especially since it's like my market, it's just so backwards. The hook is going to be super strong, but that's the part I'm doing now. So I'd like to learn tech. So what, what happens on these calls? Like, should I just hop in on these and maybe catch things that might apply to me?

Like, uh, and watch the previous ones as well. Uh, yeah. So, yeah. So the calls happen Wednesday nights and Fridays. Um, usually it's come on.

And if you're having a specific issue, I'll help you solve it. If we get calls like, like the tech calls usually aren't packed. Right. So it just kind of depends. Uh, but a lot of times you'll end up, um, especially usually this Wednesday night call
is, is only one or two people usually ever.

Um, so, you know, if, if you show up and you're the only one that's on here, I'm happy to spend
as much time with you as possible and do whatever, help you do whatever needs to be done. Um, but yeah, I mean, what we just walked through is the thing that holds people up the most. And, you know, in 90 minutes, you just went from zero to funnel ready to launch. And that sometimes takes people two months just cause they don't, you know, and, and look,
you may or may not understand everything that we just did. Uh, so, I mean, hopefully I tried to explain it as best as possible,
but I know it's a lot, right?

So, uh, so yeah, I would definitely kind of watch this call. I don't know if you guys can download them from inside the portal or not. If you can't just, just shoot me an email,
teddyatmarketingfunnelautomation.com and I'll send you a link where you can download it
and keep a copy of it. Um, yeah, you know what, you know, it'd be pretty cool if for me, and again,
not for you guys to create, but it was, it's more so like you showed me so much stuff. It's what did I miss?

Like a checklist. So if I went through that video again, I I'm going to write down a sort of like a checklist
to make sure I covered all my bases, but yeah, this was amazing. So I really appreciate it. Yeah. Yeah.

And I do have some checklists. It just kind of depends. The problem is, is so many people have different combinations, excuse me, of tech tools. Um, so it's not, you know, somebody who's using ClickFunnels and Infusion is by far the quickest
and easiest for me. Um, but you know, we get people using Kartra or building funnels inside of WordPress and
they're using ConvertKit.

And like, now I got to feel my way around platforms that, you know, I vaguely have,
like, I know how they work. I just don't, I'm not in there. So I don't know where to click everything quickly and stuff like that. So you're, you're in a good spot. You, I can help easily with just about anything that you're going to run into.

Um, but yeah, sorry, covered a lot of it. Okay. Yeah, no, no, you covered it. Like I said, I'm looking to learn just to like, just to get the wheels in motion or this
business off the ground. I mean, I'm not going to be a jack of all trades, but just to have a basic foundation.

And if something went wrong, like something wasn't working out, you know, it'd be nice
to go in and find out, you know, what to do to fix it. Um, I also ended up from my last page. I think I deleted it while we hopped on this call. Um, but, uh, I had, uh, the CF pro tools outside of the date constantly changing on that sales
letter. Do I, do I need that?

Um, I know for a VSL, you probably don't even need it at all, but I had a sales, I have
a sales letter. And I think the only reason I got it was to have the date keep changing to the current
day. Um, I mean, that's, that is probably the, the least. Useful function inside of CF pro tools. Uh, I mean, CF pro tools is definitely worth having.

There's a lot of cool stuff in there. A lot of things that it does, whether the date on the sales letter is today's date or not
is I think completely irrelevant. It's not going to affect conversions. Like, you know, some degree it may look fishier, you know, that kind of, so it doesn't hurt. It's not going to, it's not going to change your conversion rate any.

Uh, so if you could say to just 60 seconds, what, what are some of the, like the key features
of that, um, app? Uh, so the ability to do multiple order bumps is important. If you're doing a free plus shipping offers, there's a cool tool in there to charge shipping,
different shipping rates for domestic and international. Uh, there's some tracking scripts in there, which are a little bit less important now that
ClickFunnels did the Facebook integration the right way. Uh, there's some personalization scripts.

So like, instead of like personalizing the date is one thing, but actually having the
person, you know, once they opt in, having the sales page, have their first name throughout
it, uh, can be a powerful feature. Oh, um, but it's all bells and whistles. Like it's not stuff I'd be too focused on, but it's, it's a good platform. It's worth the money. Jamie's an awesome dude.

Uh, and yeah, I mean, we, we use it a lot. So for sure. Okay. Yeah. I'm just curious.

Cause right now it's just doing nothing. So, um, yeah. Yeah. If you don't need it right now, like, you know, unless the price is going to change dramatically
or you're on some grandfathered plan, I probably say, you don't, don't need to be paying for
it at this moment. Um, yeah, I'll check the pricing.

I think it's 30, it's 37 bucks a month. Yeah. Um, so, so yeah. Okay. And that's good to know.

Awesome. Yeah. Um, I will check and see if that video is downloadable. Once it's in there. And if not, I'll, um, I'll send a message and, um, this is, this is amazing.

Yeah. Like, uh, I'm super pumped because I'm just trying to, whenever, like I said, whenever
I, I can't write or something stuck, I just want to do other things related to getting
this ready to go. So, um, this was just a fantastic session. I really appreciate it today. Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, there's, I mean, I would say the next, you know, the next two tech things that we
could considerably focus on, like, again, we have this now and you have this recording
to refer back to, but you could, um, so we could work on setting up tag manager, which
would make some of that tracking code stuff a little bit easier to, to manage and implement
it in the future, uh, and kind of consolidates it all in one tools, uh, to make it easier. And then the other thing would be getting the membership site memberium set up and integrated
and all the campaigns and stuff that you need around that to, so that once somebody buys,
you can give them access and how to, how to, you know, if it's a subscription and they
stop paying, how to lock them out. Like we can, we can work on that kind of stuff. Yeah, for sure.

Yeah. I got a, I got most of the course done, but I had a, uh, yeah. So that's good to know. Cause I will, um, that only my other thing is finishing up my videos and you, you think
that's manageable by myself or you think that's like a, a five or outsource? No, I mean, if you've, if you, if you understand WordPress enough to, to set up the courses,
then you can certainly set up the automation stuff around it.

It's easier than this technically. Okay. Yeah. I can also go into the one that was, so you're saying that if I just want to see how it was
set up, my course is hosted in WordPress, my, my other course, cause that's what the
guy, he built it up. He built it already.

So you're saying that just to see how it's done, I go into a word, my WordPress account. If it's using learn dash and memberium, then yes. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah. I might just do that like beforehand, just to get a bit of a bird's eye view. Um, okay. Fantastic. Uh, thanks a bunch.

And, um, yeah, this was, like I said, this was amazing. And, um, I'm just going to keep working on stuff and, uh, get this thing up and running
as soon as I can. Awesome, man. Excited. All right.

Have a good night. Thank you. Do you, bye. Bye.
