---
title: "Tech 2021-10-13 22:01:06"
date: 2021-10-14
duration: 1h 44m
duration_seconds: 6286
vimeo_id: 631538023
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Tech 2021-10-13 22:01:06

**Date:** 2021-10-14 | **Duration:** 1h 44m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you so much for talking to Kurt. Oh, you're welcome. Yeah, that was really good. And now I'm trying to download EasyVSL. I'm really having a hard time doing that simple task.

Okay. And I thought maybe I have to show it to you because Kurt can't figure it out. He thinks maybe it's my locker, my screen. I don't know, you know, those kind of protectors. Yeah.

Okay. Well, let's see what's going on. Thank you. And then I just wanted an overview of what, because I'm now in the MVF stage. Mm-hmm.

Let me give you a quick overview of what the MVF involves. Or is that already online that I can reference? No. So the, okay. So the, the MVF is your, your minimum viable funnel.

Right. Right. Which is basically a three, three page website, basically. Right. You've got, you've got your...

Oh, I didn't know that. Okay. So this will, this will be built inside of ClickFunnels. Okay. Uh, and it's everything we...

The page, or your traffic captivation page. Those are kind of the same thing. Okay. Um, then you've got the, the VSL page that will... Right.

The page where the video will live. And then you've got the order form from the bot. Okay, great. So those are the three pages. And that's different from just an ordinary website with branding, right?

Correct. Yeah. All the testimonials and all that. I mean, not testimonials, but all the, you know, the time I'm giving a speech or pictures of me. Yeah.

So this is an actual... That's your brand site. This is your funnel. Yeah. This is a funnel.

Now, do you have examples of this that I could see? Or on my own? Uh, yeah. In fact, we have a template, I believe, that you can actually just pull right into your site. I mean, there, there's nothing, really nothing to them.

Hang on one second. So it'd be the VSL, the order page, and the thank you page? Or the sign up page? There's the opt-in page, the VSL order form. And then, yeah, technically, there's a thank you page after the order form as well.

Okay. Thank you. I'll study this, um, on my own time, and then probably hook back with you Friday. Yeah. Okay.

Um, and I'm happy to show it to you and walk you through it. I do want to make sure,
though, that we kind of stick to the plan that, that we laid out with Kurt, which is, yes, which is you staying out of the weeds. Yeah. Right. Like, not worry about...

He's definitely reinforcing that with me. Yeah. Don't worry about this kind of stuff. I mean, look, I understand wanting to understand it and wanting to know it. And that's completely fine.

I'm happy to show it to you. But like, for you to try to go build this yourself or... No, I won't build it. Yeah. Yeah.

It's not, not the best... Totally won't build it. But it's good for me to understand because when I talked to Michael and I said,
Michael, could you help me build the lead magnet for the webinar? He said, what? And then I finally said, oh, no, for the opt-in lead for people to sign up for the VSL.

Right. Then he says, okay, now you're talking. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah.

Yeah. And I can, I confirmed with him on Monday that that was going to be
the strategy for you, which is, which is correct. Yeah. Hang on a minute here. My computer is running super slow.

So while I'm doing this and bringing this up, why don't you share your screen? Let's see what's
going on with the easy VSL. Is it okay? And now, and so again, I will say though, that you need to be careful because I believe you can
only install easy VSL on one machine. And so again, probably better that Kurt has it installed on his
machine than, than you have it on yours.

Cause it'd be a lot easier and quicker potentially for him to do
it than you. But you guys got to make that decision as to, cause I'm pretty sure it may be two machines. Uh, I'll bring it up here in a minute and check what the license is, but
I don't mind having him do it, but he was kind of tossing it back to me, uh, because I would have to
do the audio or something like that. Well, yeah, you would have to do the audio, but you could give him just an audio file of you
recording the thing, but let me see here. That would be really good because you can install it on up to five computers now.

See, that's fine. Oh, okay. And I walked through this with him and he, and then the message is still downloading even
after eight hours through the night. And then the next morning is still downloading. So, and then
there's a little prompt saying if you're having trouble downloading.

Um, so I, I feel like some
other people have gone through this. Okay. Uh, yeah. So why don't you go ahead and share your screen? Let's see, see what's going on here.

Okay. Can you see it? Oh, yep. So I already bought it and it says log onto, into the members area. Uh, and here it goes.

Then I, I click this right for download. Okay. So I click that. And then Kurt said, click, click out of this. Hang on.

Um, okay. Yeah. That's weird, but okay. Uh, click out. Yeah.

Just click the X. Okay. And then I'm a PC. So I should be clicking this right. Download the latest version.

Correct. And then you see right down here, it says still having issues installation troubleshooting. That tells me that, uh, some other people have had issues with this. So, um, anyway, I'm going to download and this is what I get, um, right here. Click on that.

Click on the three dots. Okay. Uh, go to download settings. Oh, you're in Microsoft edge. That's why do you have a different browser?

Uh, Microsoft. I have, um,
Like Google Chrome or Firefox. Yeah. I think I use Chrome. Yeah.

I, I would, I would, I would use Chrome for everything. I would not use Microsoft edge for anything in the world. Yeah. I, how can you see where I'm doing? I'm using edge.

I, I don't mind getting out of it. It says it right up top left there. The top left. Oh, I see. So do I click that and change it?

I would, I would close the entire thing. Like click on the right. Yeah. Okay. Close browser.

Close. Okay. And then,
And then find Google Chrome. Okay. Hold on.

So I have to go back to, um,
Find Google Chrome. So right here, but you can't see my screen any longer, right? No. Yeah. Just show off.

Okay. So Google Chrome is this one. So what I'm going to do is, gosh, what if you weren't here to help me? Um,
This,
I have to go back to find that easy VSL login page. So let me see.

So now I'm going to go here. Oh, so yeah, I got rid of the edge, huh? Yeah. So you're in a completely different brand. Thank you.

Wow. Log in to members area. Then go back to sit download now. And then close that out. Go here.

It says suspicious site. Is that okay? No. Why? You're still in edge.

You're still in Microsoft edge for some reason. Really? How can you see? Because it doesn't say edge anymore. It just did.

It just did a minute ago. You mean it's not in this Chrome thing. I don't think you're logged. Click on the three dots underneath the X on the right. Like top, top, top, right.

Right. And right there. Yeah. Yeah. See, you're in Microsoft edge.

It says close Microsoft edge. Oh gosh. How do I get out of it? It's in other words, it's taking over my Chrome. What's happening is when, whenever you're,
I think what's happening is whenever you're,
your default browser is probably set to Microsoft edge.

So if you're clicking the link in that email or whatever,
that has the link to this easy VSL by default opening Microsoft edge,
because that's your default browser, but that's not what you want. Oh, I see. So I have to change my default browser to Chrome. You should do that. We could do that later.

But for right now. What does it say edge? Excuse me, Teddy. At the very bottom of that menu. Oh, I see.

Thank you. So I close that. Well, copy the URL first. Okay. I don't know.

And then put it in this thing. And then switch to Microsoft, switch to Chrome. If you opened Chrome. Okay. Then I go here and then I paste that up.

You know, it didn't, it didn't copy correctly. Okay. Hold on. And I can't,
I can't see what you're doing in the other browser. Cause you only shared.

Well, I didn't share. You didn't share. You only shared the Microsoft edge window and not the other window. Oh, okay. Now, how do I.

Oh, this is so advanced for me. Um, how do I share this again with you without Microsoft edge? So, so stop sharing. Stop sharing. And when, and when you go to share again, there should be an option to share your entire desktop or.

Okay. Uh, so should I share the easy VSL screen? No, share your entire desktop. Uh, how do I do that? Should be the very first choice when you click.

Oh, it, okay. So that's you. Uh, yeah, that's better. Okay, great. Okay.

Okay. So now, uh, leave that, leave that, leave that exactly. Yeah. Copy that URL. Hit control C right now.

Okay. Copy. Great. Now click on the right, on your little right menu sidebar there. Click on Chrome.

Yep. There you go. You can now paste it. Yeah. Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho.

Ah, Kenny, you're in business. Okay. Oh my gosh. There we go. Oh, no, but that's a WordPress site.

That's fine. You just need to log in again. Log into this. Um, I don't know my WordPress site. No, it's whatever the login you had for easy DSL.

It's the same. Oh, okay. Where do I put this? Should I close this window? No, put, put in your username and password right there.

Oh, here. Um, you mean for the, um, easy DSL? Correct. Oh, okay. Then I'm going to have to find the password from this guy because, um, uh, from my, um,
from this, because I didn't change the password is a strange jumbo of letters.

And to allow this app to make changes to your device. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay.

We're installing. Can you, yeah, you can still see me. Daddy, you're the man. Oh my gosh. Thank you.

That was like really quick. The other way. Yeah. No, it was, it was definitely, it was getting hung up before because you're with the edge edge
thought it was a virus and didn't want to download it. Oh my gosh.

Thank you. Thank you. How do I find this file? It will now be under your applications. Like all your other applications.

I see, but it won't be on my desktop. Uh, no, I mean, we could, we can drag the icon to your desktop if you want, but. Okay. The only thing is you're going to see a very cluttered desktop. Yeah.

I was going to say it's probably easier just to leave it, just leave it under applications. You'll be able to find it. Okay. Yes. A hundred percent.

Yay. So Teddy's dumb question. Where do I find. Oh, I have to get my registration key. Right.

So, yeah. So I go back to my email. Nope. Well, uh, down here. Yeah.

Right there. Okay. Now license key. Which one is my case? I have to.

Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I'm going to go like that and like enter. Okay.

Oh, that is so cool. And then this goes like that. Okay. I got the gist of this. Okay.

So click next. So click next. Oh, actually click, click on that auto button at the bottom. I think it'll actually do it automatically. So we don't have to do it anymore.

Oh, to see how the slides populate. That's so cool. Let's see. Yeah. Perfect.

There you go. Great. Now click next. Okay. Oh, wow.

That's how you can tweak it. I'm in business. If you wanted to tweak it. Now click next. Right.

Oh, my gosh. And this is all the whole slide deck. I mean, the whole. Wow. It is.

Teddy, I'm giving you a virtual hug. Thank you. So could keep going. Click next. Okay.

Keep going. Because it's still not saved. Oh, look at that. Wow. And that was like seconds.

I would have spent like hours retyping this thing. Correct. That is super. So now I have like a thousand slides. I'm sure.

Yeah. Oh, no. Not really. So, you know, this is where you're going to. So on that previous screen beforehand, that's where you're going to want to kind of tweak things.

Like when you see ones that are really long, you may want to break that into multiple slides, things like that. But for the most part, you're fine. Oh, yeah. So, Teddy, just a little quick thing. Do I duplicate this and then put some more?

Yeah. You can go enter. Yeah. So you could duplicate and then you could edit the text and kind of split it up that way. I saw this.

Okay. There's duplicate. And then let's say I want to split. So that. Okay.

Let's say I just want to put something here. So I do another control enter. No. So now you can edit the text. So let's say you wanted to, you know, let's say you wanted to start from new.

Oh, I see. Yeah. So then I just delete what I don't want because it's already duplicated. Correct. But it doesn't delete.

Oh, do I do some kind of thing like this? No. No, just double click. Double click. Double click.

No. Double click on the right click or left click? Double click on the text. Okay. There we go.

Nice. Oh, got it. Okay. So there we go. And then.

Then that guy. Okay. Okay. I mean, whatever. Then you can drag and drop if you don't need.

Oh, my gosh. That is so cool. Thank you. So I double click to get on the text, cut and paste, or just delete. And then I now see what to do.

But I never go back to those original bars. I start making adjustments actually on the slides. Yeah. I mean, it's usually easier to do it before you get to this. I know.

But either way. Yeah. I mean, you can do it either way. I mean, this way, at least you can see what you're doing. So you'll have a better sense of what they look like.

That is so cool. It's fine to do it from here. Yes. Thank you. And then go next for a minute.

I just want to show you. I want to walk you through the entire thing. So you see it. Oh, there we go. All right.

And so from here, you can actually. So those are all the slides. Now, if you had the audio file, you could just upload the audio file right now. And it would automatically sync it to the words. You can also record the audio directly from here.

So if you click on that add audio button. Yeah. Oh, I see. And then I record the audio. Correct.

Neat. But then I want to. You can even do text to speech, which it'll, it'll basically just pick a voice for the time
being. That is so super. So let's say I'm going back to the first slide, because what if I don't want to record
in the middle?

Then I go here and then I go add audio. Click text to speech just for a minute. Let's just generate. Oh, never mind. Now you got to go get the thing.

We can do that. All right. So click add audio again. Okay. And click record audio.

Okay. It's already recording. So I'm going. So when you now start reading the words on the slides. For every daughter who wants a better relationship with her mother.

Stop. I mean, you would, you would, you would actually keep going and read through the entire thing. Okay. So this system knows that it follows the audio will follow the slide. So I have to fix the slides first and how I want to show it.

And then the audio will follow. Correct. Because I can't do the audio first. Right. What's that?

No. I mean, you could record the audio first outside of here, but. No. But yeah. No.

You want to fix the slides first. Yeah. I want to fix the slides first and then audio second, because then the audio will follow
the slides. Correct. I see.

Oh, that is so cool. So let's say I'm going to play the audio. Could I do that with you? Yep. Oh, that is so cool.

Then where do I go after this? Import it. Import it. Yeah. Or it goes rerecord.

Creating. So how do I know that? So now click on slide two. Okay. Slide two.

And now you could do the same thing. I think. I've never done. Yeah. So I'm just trying to see.

Okay. Then I go three, two. Then it goes for every daughter who wants a better relationship. No, no. So now you, now you would read slide two revealed.

Oh, I see. I see. Yeah. Because so I should, I should rerecord. Yeah.

Slide shows here. Revealed. The Bali secret. But it's interesting that that slide doesn't show up here to match. Because how would I read it if it's up here and that I'm trying to follow it off?

I guess what happens is. No. Yeah. Yeah. Again, I've never done it this way.

So I would say it's going to be easier. Well, I mean, it's one half, it's going to be one half dozen or the other. Go ahead and click in, click import for a minute. I want to see what it, I've never done it this way. So I'm just trying to see.

Yeah. It's going to be better. If you can record the entire thing at once. Okay. Without following the slides, right?

Well, I think you can do it. So let's delete those two tracks. Click on the little minus sign there. Okay. Where do I delete?

On the left. On the left where the underneath slide. Yeah. Right there. Delete that.

Delete the other one. Yeah. And so I think. So do I move this track bar back? Uh, yeah.

Yeah. I mean, it probably doesn't matter. I should have. But how do I get the slide to match? So I guess I have to click.

No, but it doesn't, it doesn't change this. I think you have to use the little thing over on the right there. Oh, this guy. Yeah. Try that.

Yeah. Look at that. It changed. Then I'm going to go there. And then I go next.

Oh, but it skipped. Okay. So I go there. I still don't have the. So I think.

So I think what you do. If I recall correctly, like you would start at slide one. Right. Yeah. Let's just try this.

So click on slide one. Yes. And. I didn't do anything. And it just went.

Oh, look at it's going automatically. All right. Click. All right. Click on the stop button.

Okay. Stop button. Now drag that little red thing all the way back to the beginning. All the way back. I don't think it's all the way back.

Oh, got it. Yeah. Okay, cool. So what I think you do is I think. Don't do it yet.

Just let me tell you what to do. Hands free. You would click on add audio. You would start recording. You would read these words and then you would click on.

So you would read these words. You don't stop the recording. Keep recording. And then you click on the little arrows on that little navigation bar where you just were
to kind of advance to the next slide. Read the next words.

Click to advance. Read the next words. I think that's how you do it. So I see and if there's any little gap on this on the bar, we just close it. Like, for instance, if it takes me a while to get to slide three and then I reposition the spacebar
keeps going right unless I go ahead and click.

Again, I haven't done it this way, so we'll just have to try it and see. Okay. Just know that once you start recording, all you're going to be doing is clicking on that
little right arrow. Not the play button. This guy.

Nope. The other one. Nope. Go back to that control thing. This thing?

No. Where the little play controls are. On the right. On the right? Not that one, though.

You're going to click that one. Yeah. Okay. So advancing slide. Yeah, that's what you're going to do.

Oh, and look at what happens to this thing at the bottom. But the slide doesn't advance. Just the spacebar advances. Oh, it's just changing the direction. Okay.

All right. Sorry. I remember how to do this now. All right. And it also skipped.

It skipped slide two. Yeah. No. Okay. So see where slide three is, that little green checkbox?

Yep. Oh, because it's checked. Uncheck that. Okay. Okay.

And so, sorry. So what you're going to do is as you're recording, when you want to switch the slide, click on the little checkmark on the slide. I see. And then this guy keeps going unless I press this stop thing. Yeah.

Don't even worry about it. You won't be touching that. Forget about what I said about that. Just you'll record. So you'll start recording and then you'll read the words and then you click on the checkbox for slide two.

I see. Oh, it's okay. Then I record. Okay. Let's say I add a video for every daughter who wants a better relationship with her mother.

No, you haven't started. Yeah. So press here to start recording. Oh, I see. For every daughter who wants a better relationship with her mother.

Now click on slide two. Okay. No, don't keep stopping it. Oh, don't stop it. No.

Sorry. Just do rerecord. Then I go to slide two. Click rerecord. Okay.

Press here to start recording. Hey, for every daughter who wants a better relationship with her mother. Don't stop. Click on slide two. Click slide two.

Actually click on it. Click on the slide. No. Unless I go to this guy. Click on.

No. No. You should be able to advance the slide two. Just let it keep recording. Don't worry about it.

It's not going to hurt anything. Okay. Then I say reveal the Bali secret. How a remote village in Indonesia has avoided family arguments for centuries and how you can
use their unique way of communicating to stop walking on eggshells around your mother. Imagine a place where mothers and daughters never argue, never fight, never bicker.

It doesn't advance. It doesn't advance. Yeah. Okay. So I'm not sure what.

So click stop for a minute. Okay. Okay. And now just click import. Don't re-record.

Just import. Yeah. Just want to say something. And now click auto-speech recognition. Oh, you still got to do this.

Should I change it to another language? No. I mean, we're going to want to do this anyway. So we might as well just go get this set up. So click on, click here to get a free account.

Free account. Okay. Here to get a free account. This is outside the account that I've already signed up for, right? Yeah.

Yeah. This is free. This is just for the audio part. Yeah. This is what auto-recognizes your voice and matches it.

Oh, okay. So click sign up. Click on the sign up for free link. This one? Getting a free IBM plan account?

Where it says sign up for free. Okay. Where does that say? Sign up for free. Under step.

So step one. See the blue. It says getting a free IBM account. And then right below it. In the paragraph.

See the link? It's right there. Got it. Oh, gosh. I need my email and everything.

And I don't even know my password now. Well, you're going to create one. Oh, I create one. Oh, okay. So what do I create?

I just do. Oh. Okay. Hold on. Second.

Oh. Oh, I have to do something else. You just need an uppercase letter or lowercase letter. Okay. Hi, it's Mark Thompson, and I need to confess something to you.

I hate making sales videos. Spending hours working together something that looks like a third grader made just isn't fun. Oh, is this coming from my computer? No, that was me. Oh, okay, good.

We sent you a... Oh, okay. Verification code. So now I go to here. Click save.

Click save so you save that password. 909-2108-909-2108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108. Okay, 9-2108-9108-9108-9109-2108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108-9108
All right, set. Ooh, what does this mean? Yeah, just check the box.

Okay. So I'm getting a free account for the audio only? You're getting a free account to some software that will match the audio to the slides. Okay, free audio account to match software, free IBM, okay, to match the software, which is Watson. Okay, I am, oh, it says Microsoft will save and fill your password for the site next time.

We don't want Microsoft Edge, right? I mean, you're already in Edge, so it doesn't matter. I mean, you can click Save. It's fine. Okay.

It's not an important account. Because I'm already downloaded, so I never have to do it again. Correct. Yes. Okay, so Watson, what do I do with Watson now?

All right, so now let's see where it is. Try under Manage. Manage. Top menu. Okay, Manage.

Top menu, Manage, okay. Try Access. Access. I am, okay. Manage Users.

Okay, yeah. Maybe later. Later. And click the, close out that little chat box thingy. The other one down, bottom right.

Okay, I can click, see we're in the middle box there. This is my IBM Cloud API keys. This is my IBM, okay. Yep. Click View All.

And now create one. Create. Okay, a key. Ooh. Just call it easy, no, just call it easy VSL.

Okay, easy VSL, create. My daughter will be very proud of me. She works for IBM. Okay, so. Download?

No, copy. Okay. Copy, don't close it. Okay. Flip over to easy VSL.

Click over to easy VSL. We're here. Yeah. Got it. And then I paste.

Yeah. I'm not sure what it needs for URL, though. Unless I go to the top of where that thing is to get the bar. No, no, go back, flip back over for a minute. Go back to this.

Go back to, no, no, no. Don't cancel that. Click, go back to Microsoft Edge. Where do I find it? Alt, alt, tab.

Alt, alt, tab. Okay, so, close that. Hang on a second. Hang on one second. All right, please.

Give me one minute. I'm logging into the members area here to see. Let me set that up. Let me set that up. Let me set that up.

Here too. There too. Just put it. Let me set that up. There too.

All right, go back to, flip back to EZVSL, alt tab, and click on that, click here to get
free your free account link again. I'll click on where it says Watson Console, right there. Okay. And then under, look under. I'm opening a cloud in IBM, right?

Yeah, click on catalog. Okay, catalog. Where is catalog? Right next to where you just were, right next to docs. And the menu going across the top.

Oh, you know why? I have this screen share. Oh, there it is. Okay. How would I ever have gotten this?

Uh, okay. And now we're going to scroll down and look for the one that says, uh, speech to talk. Uh, the under S. Yeah. You can maybe to type it in the search box type speech.

Yeah. Speech to text. It says speech to text. Here we go. Yeah.

Let's click that. And I've agreed. Oh, change, change your location to. Uh, it doesn't matter. Dallas or Washington.

Okay. And you want the free plan. Yep. And I, I agree to the terms. Uh, let's see.

Okay. Okay. So yeah. Click create. And then, uh, scroll down.

Okay. Keep going. Every single VSL has to go through this. No, no. This is a one-time thing.

Oh, okay. I'm thinking. Wow. Uh, oh, I'm sorry. Scroll up, scroll up, scroll to the top.

Click manage on the left menu there. Yeah. The left menu. This menu. Yeah.

Manage. Great. All right. Now click show credentials. Those are the credentials we want right there.

All right. So you're going to copy that key. You can click that little, those little, two little boxes at the end of the text box there. Yeah. This guy.

Yeah. Copy that. Alt tab back to easy VSL. I'll tap back. All tab.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Alt tab. Oh yeah.

Okay. Now I have to go back to my easy VSL. Um, it's right there. Top right. Okay.

I see what you did. So paste that key, replace that key with the one you just copied. You mean. Yeah. This guy.

But I had to do the second one too, right? Yeah. So I'll tab back again. Don't hit it. Go back again.

So all tab. There you go. Grab. And then do this guy. Oops.

You can click the little box at the end. There you go. Oh, I see. Okay. Copied.

Yeah. And then I'll go Alt tab. Yep. And then put it here. Yep.

And then change the language to English. English. United States. Okay. Okay.

That's fast. Okay. So you won't have to do that again. Oh, thank God. I am not following.

I don't know what you're doing, but it's amazing. Hey, Junio. How are you doing, buddy? Very good. Thank you.

I just joined and looking what you are doing in this moment. Yeah. So I'm showing Annette how to use EasyVSL, which is the software that makes it really easy to create your video sales letter. Yeah, because I took it, but I wasn't able to use it properly, so I will check now what to teach. Gotcha.

Gotcha. Gotcha. All right, Annette. So. Thank you.

So let me see. So I'm good. I'm not sure if it's synced up properly or not. Click, click the play button on that little player thing. I want to see if it.

This guy. Oh, no, I'm not the, um, the play button is. No, yeah, yeah, right. Yeah, right there. Click play.

Oh, yes. Oh, thank you. Oh, so no, it skipped ahead. It skipped. Yeah.

Yeah. I got it wrong. Um, well, do you want to do this on Friday? Uh, yeah, we can do it on Friday. So what I would suggest would be the easiest thing for you to do would be to, uh, clean up the slides.

Well, clean up the slides first. Yeah. And then, and then if possible, just, you know, record the audio of you talking through the entire thing from start to finish. Um, and you can, you can do that in here if you want. But what I would do is I would actually probably have to document the actual Google doc open and read from that versus trying to read the slides.

Okay. Um, but, uh, there's also, I'm trying to see something here. So the integration from the Google docs, which doesn't have any breaks, I physically put it into each slide section. It's like, like this says slide nine, slide 10. Once you record the full audio, then, then you can, um, then, like I said, then, then this sync technology will typically sync it properly to, to each slide.

Oh, okay. Um, but there is a video. Hang on a second. And then do I press this save button up here? Yeah.

One second. Okay. Open, open that YouTube video. Um, you sent it by email. It's in the chat.

Oh, thank you. Okay. Um,
I think it's, I have to take off the share. Is that, is that okay? Yeah, that's fine.

Okay. Cause that's a YouTube video. That's it. It's in the, the help area of the easy VSL site. Um, that should show you kind of how to,
Oh, that's great.

How to use that audio recorder. Thank you. Okay. Thanks so much. All right.

Yeah. Thanks, Teddy. You're welcome. Really appreciate it. When you know what are you working on, buddy?

Am I saying your name right, by the way? I'm sure I get it right. My name is Junior. Yes. Junior.

Okay. Yes. I just joined too late this evening again. No, that's okay. What are you, what are you working on?

I'm working on many things. In, uh, the funnel, uh, different funnel for, uh,
I sell cosmetic company. I have a cosmetic company. So we have different lead magnet. And now I would like to do another green funnel.

After one event, uh, we have in a couple of weeks. Uh, after the event, I would like to, uh, make a registration. And I use the same trigger that people use to, uh, join the event. To create one evergreen funnel. I do also several, uh, PSL.

Uh, but I think this evening I arrived too late. And, uh, I don't know what, uh, he was speaking about, uh, all the time. So, yeah, no, so I, I was, I was, I was just working with Annette specifically on, uh, helping
the webinar get, get that software set up. Um, so yeah, it wasn't, wasn't teaching anything or, or, I mean, other than, other than showing
you how to get the software downloaded and installed and configured, but, um, but yeah,
if there's something in particular that you want some help on, be glad to help you. Um, for example, now I will have one, uh, physical event, uh, in, uh, 24 and 25, uh, October.

And, uh, after, uh, for, uh, because I saw that, uh, when I invite people to join the event,
to discover all, uh, the news, uh, uh, it's quite easy to have, uh, for, uh, quite cheap. Uh, and so my idea is to keep, uh, like the same trigger, uh, but move the people to like
one evergreen family, like make a registration, uh, of the event, uh, and, uh, after because,
uh, I do cosmetic, uh, so the face, uh, period last, uh, six months, uh, and so
my idea is, uh, to register the event, uh, and, uh, uh, make some sort of, uh,
webinar funnel, okay, where people also called people can join, uh, and, uh, I can, uh, warm up
them, uh, with the same trigger I use to invite people to the event because now with COVID the
event is already, um, full, basically, but, uh, I need to go six months, so my idea is, uh,
the trigger I use to join the, uh, the event is working and, uh, have people to register for
uh, cheap price, uh, Facebook, uh, my idea is to do one, like, uh, some kind of
and, uh, like, warm up them, uh, I don't know exactly how, how to do it in the right way because I see
that, uh, hello, your, your audio keeps breaking up, uh, fun, one, uh, webinar funnel that works. Gotcha, okay, uh, so I think I get the basics of what you're trying to do, uh, can, can you hear me
okay, by the way? Yes, yes. Okay, um, and, and so what, uh, what tools do you have for, uh, do you
have ClickFunnels?

Do you have Infusionsoft? Like, what do you have for, for email marketing and for page building? Okay. I have ActiveCampaign. Okay.

I have, uh, because I move everything to, uh, WordPress. Okay. So I can keep my own website. You're still there. I'm sorry.

You keep breaking up. Uh, anti-age system, uh, with, uh, a lot of, uh, triggers that I developed with Michael. Uh, people join, uh,
they want to attend to the event. And my idea is to keep this kind of idea and, uh, for longer time
and, uh, make people to call traffic, uh, to go and see the, the webinar. Right.

Right. Okay. So they are, uh,
they are, uh, quite hot and, uh, I can, uh, put them, uh, in, uh, one specific funnel. Gotcha. Okay.

Um, and so where, what do you, which part of that do you need like the overall
strategy or do you need help with like building the registration form and the email campaign or
putting the video with the, every kind of suggestion from the beginning to the end to make something work
well, uh, uh, is important because it's, uh,
I did several funnel, but this is, uh, the first one, uh, like, uh, the green webinar. Okay. Uh,
or suggestion, uh, I really appreciate a lot. Yeah. Okay.

Um, well, so what I would say, so if you want to do a webinar funnel, especially
a webinar funnel where people can pick kind of which day and time to attend and, and things like
that, like you want to have different choice. So, so we're not talking about a live webinar,
right? You want this to be evergreen? Yes, because, okay, we make the live webinar, but the GI is then to keep one, uh, for some months,
like one evergreen. And, uh, maybe I don't know how can last, uh, with the advertisement and so on,
uh, but maybe a month to months, the time that, uh, the ads, uh, uh, uh, move people to register.

Right. Yeah. So, well, it's, it's, it's a double-edged sword, right? It's, if you,
if you have them pick a, pick a date and time to attend, you, you lose a lot of people that pick a time
and then never show up. Um, and if you make it so they can register and watch the video right away,
because it's prerecorded, then, uh, you know, they may not watch the whole thing because they
weren't planning to be there that long.

So, so it just kind of depends. Um, but what I'm trying to see
here, um, but I think to keep the technology as simple as possible, um,
I would just, at first, uh, you will, sorry, we will make, uh, people see different examples. Yeah. So, so the, the thing, the problem is, is that like in order to make a, uh, a webinar where
somebody could pick a specific day and time to attend, uh, and it's basically just going to play
back the recorded video at that date and time, then you're going to need some specific webinar
software that does that. Um, so whether that's ever webinar or Demio, um, you know, either one of
those two systems will do all that for you.

Uh, like it'll make it super easy. It'll create the
registration page. It'll send out the emails. It'll, you know, uh, send out the replays, like all,
you can do that, all that stuff with either of those two systems. Um, but if you were going to try
to do it, uh, like just it with WordPress and with active campaign, without one of those systems,
uh, I can add, uh, other, uh, system because, uh, last year I tried to make like a simple, uh, uh,
TikTok draft with, uh, click funnel.

Uh, then now I read, uh, basically if you put, uh, uh,
like you can see only two days, uh, in a week, uh, you lose a lot of people. Right. Uh, I read, uh, last week, uh, an article of, uh, Caleb, uh, O'Dowd. Mm-hmm. Let's say that they work on webinar and they say that normally we promote the webinar once a week
and then like double the, uh, the possibility to see the webinar, uh, in order to make more people
join, uh, it.

So I have no idea, uh, what can be the, uh, the best solution, uh,
both with software because I had for three years, uh, click funnel, but I leave it because, uh,
at the end, uh, there was always click funnel, uh, uh, URL. And, uh, so I tried to move all the pages to my main website, uh, in WordPress. So
also the textbooks, uh, pixel work on the same, uh, uh, page. I don't know that this was correct,
uh, or not. Uh, I mean, probably, I mean, so you can definitely use click funnels with,
with your own domain.

There's absolutely ways to do that. Um, but regardless, like the,
the click funnels webinar system is, is not that good anyways. Uh, so, so it's fine. If you cancel
click funnels, that's, that's fine. Cause it's, it's not the best solution for webinars anyways.

Uh, I would say probably the easiest one to use is definitely demio.com. That's D E M I O.com. Um, that's, that's the cleanest, simplest, easiest one that I know of. Um, and then ever webinar is, is also fairly easy. Um, and they're, they're both about the same price,
but they're both about a hundred bucks a month, which is my, my, that's my only worry is that I
don't want, don't necessarily want you spending that much money on a tool if you don't necessarily need
one, but, um, there was another one that was built specifically for WordPress.

I think it's easy
webinar. Hang on. Because basically this, uh, is, uh, one of the funnel I would like to try. And, uh, of course, uh, if I do spend, uh, for any tools, uh, uh, to make a trial,
is, uh, is, uh, is better, uh, but, uh, if it's a wealth, uh, built, uh, I can, uh,
I can do, I don't know, uh, what, uh, the best way to do every webinar funnel and is, uh,
trial that I would like to do for cold people because, uh, I saw when, uh, we invited them
to the event, uh, we have a legion for, uh, uh, really cheaper and, uh, the idea is to try to, uh,
make something like that, like that, uh, and see what happened. Yeah.

So I'm not totally, not totally understanding that part. I mean that usually I didn't do that, but when we, uh, promote the, uh, now we are going, uh,
one, uh, event in person after almost two years. Okay. Before, uh, uh, webinar. Okay.

And, uh, the last couple of years when I, uh, promote, uh, to join, uh, the, this kind of event,
uh, uh, where there are many, uh, participants is like, uh, uh, uh, one event with different
guests, uh, and so on, uh, we have a good, uh, very good response of, uh, people, uh, interested to,
uh, to, uh, to join, uh, the event. Uh, uh, so I had idea to keep the same trigger that we use, uh,
to promote the event, uh, in, uh, inside, uh, to promote the, this evergreen webinar funnel
and see one month, two months, uh, if, uh, there is cold traffic that can go inside,
look, the webinar, so I have all the info, uh, and then I can move inside, uh, into the, uh,
one specific funnel, uh, regarding this, uh, anti-age system we created. Okay. And, uh, and see how it works. Yeah.

So, so what's, um, okay. So,
you want, so basically you want to replicate what you're doing in the live event inside of an
evergreen webinar funnel, uh, and, and present them with, with the offer for the anti-aging system
that you're, that you were talking about. Um, and so my question is like, what do you,
do you have anything in place like click funnels for that order process, like to build a sales page,
to build an order form? Now I just, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, just last month, uh, because, uh, uh, uh, uh, I was moving
all the pages uh in wordpress with under the main domain of the company
so but i can reopen or i can try some other tools
so so so what you might want to uh let me ask you this how many people do you have inside of active
campaign currently how many contacts a lot yeah but he's uh the people is all a beauty center
and are like
the right contact because it's not
is ria is my
actual customer or uh actual prospect
but i would like to make other for them and also not only on the list
but work with samad because like for the last one we make for the body in five days
with a very ugly landing page
uh at the end we had 110 people uh attend the event uh during working time
and
i think and they stay there all the time so
i see that uh promoting this kind of event make people
more interested and they reply
and the cost i had in facebook was very
cheap compared to other kind of campaign right right yeah yeah i mean look the the only thing to be
aware of is like you know setting up doing webinar funnels right uh is probably the most difficult
funnel you can you can do because there's there's a lot of different moving pieces there's a lot of
different segmentation uh that needs to happen so uh that that's the only thing i'm just trying to to
kind of manage for you but the reason i was asking about like like like if you don't already have a a
tool to to build pages and to do the checkout and all that kind of stuff uh and you need webinar
functionality as well and you're not too married to active campaign meaning you don't have a lot of
campaigns and sequences and stuff built out over there yet uh then you might look at something like
cartra which has everything kind of all in one box it's got does everything active campaign does it
does everything that ever webinar does it does everything that click funnels does but it so it's
your full page builder contact management email marketing webinar video hosting like it's all in one
all in one system um and so that that may make your life a lot easier uh instead of having
you know some stuff in wordpress some stuff in active campaigns some stuff in demio or easy webinar
or whatever and then you got to try to link everything together uh like if you're not if you're not super
technical that becomes a big headache to get everything to work right and get all the pieces working together
whereas you know cartra has everything kind of all tied together seamlessly already there's nothing to
integrate it just kind of works um so you might at least take a look at that you might just like sign
up for the trial and play with it uh and see if you can i mean i can i can walk you through uh you know
the setup of a webinar funnel once once you have an account in there and stuff um but there's it's very
easy to use there's lots of wizards that kind of walk you step by step on how to set stuff up um and
that i can keep my own domain or not yeah so so typically what you end up typically what you'll do
with any platform whether it's click funnels or cartra or whatever is uh the best thing to do is use a
sub domain so if you notice if you notice it when you know if you go to www.toddbrown.me that goes to
a wordpress site but all of our all of our sales pages and funnels that are all built in click
funnels those are all at pages.toddbrown.me so you just set up a sub domain and use that sub domain
for all your funnels um but yeah you can absolutely point a sub domain to to all your to the cartra
account and all the pages you build in cartra. well it depends if you if you have a lot of campaigns and a lot of automations then yeah
that would be that would take some time if all you have is your contacts in there and you just send
you know broadcast emails where you just email the entire list a single email but it's not it's not
part of a campaign or automation or anything then you can just import your export your contacts from
active campaign import them into cartra and keep mailing them the same way you've been mailing them
i have some of course some automation uh funnels
the easiest way
because it's very busy moment uh so i try to
uh to do the easiest uh possibility to because i am always very late
right because the event is in 10 days
the event is in 10 days you said yes
i am always very late uh well the evergreen the funnel
later right right that's what i was gonna say yeah the funnel the the webinar funnel
the webinar funnel like the webinar funnel doesn't have anything anything to do with the live event does it
i'm sorry
i'm sorry say that i didn't understand that
i mean
i mean uh i will be right in 10 days right after i can wait a little bit but
not so much
right well so so that's what i'm saying like just understand that with a webinar funnel like there's
there's a lot you got to do right you gotta you gotta create the webinar first of all
you got to create all the emails so all all the red the the you know there's there's emails that
invite people to register for the webinar there are emails that are get sent to those that register to
get them to attend there are emails that get sent to the people that register but don't attend
there's another set of emails that get sent to those who register attended but didn't buy
um so i mean it's it's a big camp it's like i said it's the most complex campaign you could possibly
build i'm not saying you shouldn't do it i'm just saying understand that there's a lot of work
good
okay if you ask me
because i think i can have from these big results
uh yeah no sounds like you could
i don't know now which uh because i tried uh cartra now i
was trying to see other uh program uh like convert kit constant contact
to see if somebody can do something better than
active campaign
but i am in a moment that i'm
still doing
most of the work also if i have one company
right and don't want to be mad and become crazy
so if i find the easiest solution
that will be the best one
the best one
because uh
you can speak with uh
michael i am always in late
with the project
also if i start in the right time
there are many things to do because
we invent a new program
and this is later
all the
unique mechanism
what is different so take
quite a long time now basically we because there is still copied
uh restriction
and uh
basically we are ready without any promotion
array book the
the area the live event
after my idea is to try
this webinar panel
because i see that people when you told them
if you want discover
this new method
people reply and join
in laughter for the body
with a very ugly landing page
at the end there was 110 people
10 days that attend to the event
so my idea is try to use this
kind of
concept
and the warm up for the
called the traffic
right right
i don't know it's a good idea
yeah well i mean look you're not going to know if it works
until you try it right
um so
all i'm saying is
recognize that there's
there's a lot of stuff you got to create
to do it right to know if it's going to work
and uh and i just looked by the way
cartridge does not have actual webinar software in it
i thought it did it uses webinar jam so
so i would look maybe at the other two that i put in here
yeah for example
uh
i have zoom webinar i don't know if work
some way
it can be useful
i mean sir here's the other thing i would say right which which which is absolutely true
so the first thing i would do is is is that actually if you have zoom webinar
then you can set up a webinar in zoom you can use zoom will create a very basic registration page
zoom we'll send them a reminder email the day before an hour before and and i would just do a live webinar a few times and see if
if it works if people show up if it converts
uh because before you start automating everything and building an evergreen you got to get it working
um so that would probably be the easiest way to just test something out you just got to do it live
that's the only problem but you you want to do it live because if it doesn't work you don't want to
you don't want to keep re-recording the webinar over and over again if it doesn't work
and now i think the webinar is like one no without worrying the live
i i would like to use this
if maybe in next time you can
like help me to see for example with
zoom webinar to try to make a couple of examples to join in the two weeks after the event
and see what can happen
and if not uh we move to some other uh tools
yeah uh yeah so i mean but like if you want like i can i mean we can set one up real quick right now
just to just to show you the basics of it and then and then we can dive deeper on it but let me just
i mean now i think i joined too late so maybe the next time
no i mean we got 20 minutes left this literally takes 10 minutes to set up can you see my screen
yes okay uh so as long as you have the the webinar module uh added to your account uh hang on a second
the first time i joined this attack uh call month she is very good this technique this tackle
yeah this the the this one solves a lot of a lot of people's roadblocks um okay so
so once we're logged in here uh you just go to webinars
and you would just say hey i want to schedule a webinar and you know give it give it the title
you put in whatever whatever description you want which will is what's going to you know show up on
the on the registration form so this is my description of what you will learn
uh and then you just set the date and time so let's say this one's gonna be
and this should be for example after the event or we can do for example one
during the event one streaming
uh you could do it during the event by streaming it um you just got to get the cameras and and all
that kind of stuff working properly so you know you may or may not want to juggle that during a live
event um
the you know is the live is the live event free or did people pay to attend it
oh it's free they paid at the hotel okay
okay and uh basically we have the we have 50 people place
uh uh we take a little bit more like 60 uh beauty center like 30 beauty center because there are
uh uh uh still a coffee uh uh closure we cannot take uh uh too much people gotcha gotcha um
so yeah i mean look you can schedule it to to happen during the event um and in fact if you want to
schedule multiple dates so right now we've got it set for tomorrow at 8 pm it's a it's a one hour
webinar if we want that to recur you can have it set you know so it runs every week uh every thursday
at the same time that kind of thing um and i need to promote it in a different weight in a different way
any way respect to the live event
well you could set them up differently like so you can create you know you can create as many webinars
as you want right so you can create one that's for the during the live event and then you can create a different
one for like all this is really doing is setting up all you're really doing when you're setting this part up
you're you're giving it a title you're giving a description you're picking the date and time
um and and just the basic settings right which for the most part you don't really need to do anything
other than you're going to let people ask you questions uh you're going to automatically record it
uh you can make it on demand for afterwards i wouldn't even worry about that right now
i'm worried about that later uh and then just click schedule right uh
uh and then once you click schedule you will get uh this registration link so if i open this link
yeah i said this i already used it for the last webinar and uh
maybe i don't do during the event i do
uh some day after
i don't know exactly what so i so so let me so at the live event you're going to try to sell them
something right yes okay and so so if they attend i make it creamy
right but what i'm saying is
what do you see is the advantage of of streaming streaming it versus doing a dedicated webinar to cold
traffic
because it's a little it's a little it's a it's a it's a bit complicated more
right that's that's what i'm saying it's a lot it'd be a lot easier if you focus
like when you're in the room focus on selling the people in the room and put all your attention
on that you don't want to be worried about is the live stream working can they hear me
like that's just a complete distraction to everybody and that'll just screw it up for the
people in the room and screw it up for you so i would focus do the live event sell the people that are in the room
anybody that's in the room that doesn't buy
you can then invite them to the webinar again later but if it's going to be the same exact
presentation and the same exact thing you know i don't know they're going to buy just because they
hear it again but they might um and then i would focus on you know doing a webinar later
after the live event to cold traffic or to the list of people to your list that of the people that
didn't attend the event uh that kind of stuff but i i would be very hesitant to
to be trying to juggle both uh especially you know it's your first live event back
uh and there's just you know just unless you have a big crew like you unless you have a an av team
that's managing the audio and the video and the zoom and they're going to make sure that it's all
working and everybody online can hear you fine and they can see the slides and like unless you've got
a team to do that i wouldn't try to juggle both personally
so it's better i do the event and after immediately i promote the the review and i try for a couple of
weeks uh to make uh with uh zoom webinar yeah right yeah i would just do it this way just set it up
quick and simple and dirty uh and now and you can brand this page a little bit there's there's ways
under under the branding or you can kind of you know you can upload your banner image and your logo
you can put information about the speakers you can kind of change the colors of the registration page
so there's there's a couple you can you can have a survey on the registration form if you want to ask
them some questions so there's a couple things that you can do on the registration page to make
it not so not so generic as this um but to keep things simple and just to make sure that we get people
registering and uh and that kind of thing this is probably the easiest way to do it and you can even
track things because how many times you suggest i do like that once a week
uh uh yeah i would probably do it once a week until you get really good at the pitch and the
presentation and and it's converting well you know um like that's the biggest thing is how how well does
it convert you know a good webinar good webinar usually converts around five to ten percent of the
people that that attend um so you know get 100 you get 100 people to show up you should get 10 sales
typically but depends on the price point and everything else but um okay i try and uh
uh but uh one uh sorry there is the uh the next color so maybe you can uh
uh
yeah we can walk through it and set everything up for you absolutely um yeah so my calls are wednesday
nights like tonight like tonight and then uh on fridays from 12 p.m to 2 p.m eastern time my goal is a
fantastic uh is uh
he helped me a lot uh and we created one unique mechanism that is fantastic uh
what they have to do now is
to
to move uh with this offer
uh a little bit more because now the offer is coming
michael was really great because we create what uh one unique mechanism
uh that i think is unique in the world in this moment
and it was really great
michael is fantastic
he is awesome for sure
so i then i would like to try to
complete the campaign in different way
because this method i should sell for six months so i need to find a different
uh way to attract people
and make people join the list
maybe now i give a lot of info in this
the first step
now if uh
next time you can see
maybe each step what you suggest to do
um
um
it'd be great
okay yeah yeah i'll be i'll be glad to help you out with all that stuff
because i see that
things work uh much better
uh
when uh things are going in some way
better
right got it and sorry if i joined too too late and it was
really a pleasure to know you
pleasure to know you
where are you from what country are you from
um from italy oh italian yeah italiana yes and
i won't become the best marketer in the world
you know what there's there's a gentleman in our in our top one mastermind group who is from
italy as well and uh he works he works with dent he sells stuff to dentists
uh but he does a lot of live uh and virtual events uh he might be somebody you should
you should reach out to uh and have a conversation with not only because you both speak italian
uh but you know he he's very he's very smart and very savvy uh in terms of what he
i'm trying to find his email for you hang on a second uh
sure i try to prepare uh some material to show you
what we created
uh because uh created a lot a lot of differentiation from the market
i think we do something really they already started that michael like me with the
unique mechanism
uh but i already differentiated the company from the competitors giving different
very different uh support
i think is something that nobody have in the moment
and the matter is to explain correctly everything
and uh find after
because i have to uh sell it for six months
how to manage to keep
this sales for uh six months so for this it for this reason i i i needed to
uh
created some other
a model
if not after the event i remain blocked
and i need to go further
and this was the idea i had but
there are many ideas i can
use to continue to
promote the event
after the live event
after the live event because
we have 50
places and then
and we book already that with telephone call
but if i don't share what we are doing
i think
is
is waste
of time
and
and everything because
if people join
uh
and they are interested
we have to continue
with cold traffic
uh warm traffic
now i'm telling you too much faster everything
uh
i think it's very interesting
uh
what we did
yeah so so
uh grab this guy
grab his
grab his url
uh
his name is andrea grassi
uh reach out to him
tell him you're in
tell him you're in todd's coaching program
uh
uh
and that
that teddy said you guys should chat
um
and he's a very nice guy
i'm sure he'd be glad to kind of help you out and give you some advice but you know just
he understands the italian market he understands live events
um
so he can
he can probably definitely provide you some some valuable information
uh
and he's he's a rock star at what he does so
okay perfect
i i tried to give you some more material
for the next time to show you what we are doing
okay
and uh
i had to go i think it's finished and
first it was a
a pleasure to
know you
and
uh
i will join us for the next
the next call
okay sounds good
you you have you have a great
i don't know it's probably daytime over there right
uh
yes
well now is
uh 2 p.m
yeah
okay
well
it's not a problem i work 24 hours
so uh thanks a lot
you're welcome
uh tomorrow i'm meeting with uh
with michael and i try to see
what also he suggests
regarding everything
uh
because i think i need some other funnel
to go
on
so i let you go because i think that the time is passed
yeah yeah we're good for today all right yeah you have a great day i'll talk to you soon
you too thank you very much all right bye bye have a nice day bye bye
