---
title: "Tech 2022-10-21 16:00:26"
date: 2022-10-21
duration: 41m
duration_seconds: 2471
vimeo_id: 762717417
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-10-21 16:00:26

**Date:** 2022-10-21 | **Duration:** 41m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Yo, Teddy, what's up Edward? How are you, man? I'm doing great. How about yourself hanging in there? Awesome.

Awesome. Yo, it's you're a lifesaver for hosting weekly calls at this time because I'm click funnels actually just is having one of those those moments again where apparently they're some of the pages aren't working with some of the Integrations with specifically Google tag manager. So I was wondering if you could hold on just one moment right here. Let me point out the issue here. I think they also just issued this emergency article that was launched three hours ago.

So apparently the often forms and the page submissions aren't working in Click funnels for for pages that have so often forms or forms. If you have a Google tag manager in like like some sort of Google tag, I guess in in the funnel What do you call that like the the tracking areas as long as you have the codes? Oh, okay, the head tracking code. If you have in the head Trend code area or any of the pages, I apparently you're often forms and your sales Pages. The order forms won't work.

So and they've issued the the solution and it is to use the Google tag manager. Script, which I think what this does is on. okay, let me just it's a quick read again. I think this allows us to use Google tag manager without actually adding custom code to the funnel. The only issue is that we haven't really used tag manager before so I was wondering if you could kind of walk me through that.

on like the creation and And all that, so yeah, I can't hang on one second. I just want to check something because we're in the middle of a launch and if that's true, then we have a problem. Yeah, you might want to take a look at that. I've been seeing a lot of points for a moment a lot of people on the group saying that their ad spend is going down drain, so You might want it and this just started today or no. It happened yesterday.

Like I was looking at my stats. I was wondering like why am I getting like, oh 1% opt-in when my average is like 20 right Yeah, people are still. Or they're all angry about it, too. Yeah, I would imagine see here. So you're saying you don't have Google tag manager set up at all.

I have I don't have Google tag manager setup at all. But I do have Google tracking tags on the funnel. So yeah, the solution is to just remove the Google ad tag. Whatever that that was called, but so this was like the pixel right like Facebook page right with Google tag thing. It's very weird that would break down, you know understand why that would break anything but You know, just well it wouldn't break but then it's just this weird thing where if you're trying to let's say if you're trying to opt in it.

It just stays still at the submitting part. And yeah. That's it. That's why we were seeing that yesterday. Actually, I did see that yesterday and somebody else's funnel to do.

All right, so well and so in terms of tag manager, we're just good. I mean that's kind of where you want to migrate to anyways. So you can if you want to share your screen and just start. Yeah, I want to tag manager go to tag manager like google.com. Yeah, so by the way, this is it.

My order forms doesn't seem to be working and there's like this whole thread about it. People are still flaming it's like one day ago, and it's it's happening to us too. So, but anyway, yeah, here it is. This is the well, I I just opened this account. So I was wondering if if there's like the correct way to set this all up and all that.

See that's interesting. It's still working for us. hmm Let me check the stats. You just dropped any. I say all college create account.

private account Yet just give it the name of the company. It's fine. So yes, and then with this matter actually or it's just like forever kids matter. Yeah, and then and you actually type the site in here. Yeah.

Yeah, whichever side you're gonna put it on. It's mostly it doesn't matter like it's for your own reference. Just so you know, which And then do I click on web? Yeah. Okay.

when so I'm just gonna click. Yes, right? so Yeah, ironically our opt-in rate actually went up over the past two days. Okay, great. That's good news.

That's it's not it's not having for everybody then. Okay, so interesting, alright, um just copy and paste that to like notepad or something for a minute. We're not gonna put it in yet, especially if you had to use it other thing. Yeah, it's it's telling us to not get the bottom one too. Sure.

I'll just close this down right? I'll just forget. Okay. Yeah, they click. Okay.

All right. So basically the way tag manager works is you know, so instead of copying pasting like the Facebook pixel or forget about the Google stuff, but Facebook tiktok pixels linked whatever pixels you're putting on you just put them in here right? So you get a tags. Sure. So every pixel or every piece of code that you want to run is basically a tag.

So just click on added add a new tag. So I'm just taking let's say all of my tags and grouping it into one code, right? Yeah, you somebody would create a different different tag for each one. Right? So this one let's say this one's Facebook, right?

So you're gonna call it Facebook. like this Facebook Right. Yeah, and then click on second Federation click on the pencil. Everything other than Google stuff is pretty much going to be just custom HTML. Got it.

It's pretty cool. Yeah. So I'll go back to yeah that meditate so good. I'll grab this one. This one is the one with the with all of them.

So I got a high row. So I got a the Google. Site tag and then you can take the Google stuff is different, but we can go right. Yeah, this should be the face before I just now put it right here. Yeah, and then basically on the triggering part is Like where do you want that to trigger?

In this case? It's Facebook pixel. She wanted on all pages. So click on a little pencil, you know all pages and safe. Right.

So that's basically like in a nutshell. That's not tag manager works right? You say I want this code to fire on these pages and most most of the pixels will obviously be all pages. And then you can create different rules for triggering like if you only want like a conversion pixel of fire on a thank you page. You would say, you know, hey when the when the page URL is whatever Dash, you know, thanks, then fire this conversion pixel.

So I said that up here as well or or do I do that on the ad platform itself for the custom conversion thing? As depends right? So if you're typically setting up your custom conversions by telling Facebook Hey, when when the URL is this then it's a sale then then you can keep doing it that way. I think that way is going away though again. I'm really I'm not the ad guy right but so yeah, that's how you're set up now.

That's something that's a better conversation for John and yeah, that's what and in reality. You should really set up Facebook to use the integrated. Click funnels conversions API where it'll send it the payment data, but I mean you're using hi Ross as well. Right? So yeah Harvest is really your source of truth.

No matter what? Yeah, so same thing for IRS, you can put the highest good in here. Sure. So which is Click add new and I'll type in high rows and then I'll click this and then custom HTML just repeat the same thing basically for this one. This is code.

And then I'm gonna click trigger all pages. Yes say. And then for the for the the what do you call that again? Actually the do we just go the global site? Yeah, so this gets set up a little different.

So that's the AdWords one, right? Yeah, Google it. Yeah, the one I just grab that aw that number. This one. Yeah.

Okay, and then go to tag manager? And then add new tag now this time it's Google ads. Conversion try I think that's it. All right conversion ID conversion label now. That is not it in the other one.

First go back to Oh, actually I think with tag manager you don't need. It could change the type for a minute. You don't have Universal Analytics remarketing. I think what I think what you put tag manager on there, you don't need that core code, but you do need your Your can do you have conversions set up in AdWords? Oh.

Like you might you might have that code on those pages like on your things. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. I do I have the typically when I have These custom convergence set up.

I believe it's some they have it. They have us put it on on that page specifically. So this is the yeah right event snippet. Or the conversion code got it, right? Yeah, so you would grab that not the aw part, but the other part oh the section.

Yeah. Sure. copy and then and then conversion tracking right? So you're on the right page. And then I think that is the label.

label think we're gonna have to check around the pot probably pop in your ad account and it's conversion Linker tag missing container. So click create words those conversion linking good. So check those first two boxes. And then just click save. Our call it conversion Linker.

Yeah. Okay, so that was all set now. That's all set go and AdWords for a minute. I mean like the platform itself or you yeah. Just want to make sure that labels right?

I think it's under Tools and settings. conversions to which one of those are actually active. Oh the active ones like for example. This one. Yeah, which is one which is the one we just we were just looking at you know.

Okay, that one should be. Here it is. This is the one perfect exactly. Yeah. I don't know just click on tag set up and ready.

Yeah. We'll take manager. All right, so that's the label was right. So we need that conversion ID. It's right.

So I'll take that and I'll just put it right here. Yeah. Okay, and so now on this one the triggering would be just you only wanted to trigger on that page right? So we'll create a rule for just that page so scroll down. To triggering hook under the pencil.

We're gonna add any click the little plus sign top, right? Oh, And the trigger configuration will be wait. Yeah, I just like only like like the video page. once they update in and it's gonna be page view. And then some page news and then page URL.

contains and whatever that URL is one example. Do I include the hcps? No, you can just do treat and you just do the training Dash to? Okay. Make sure the mixture your go to the very click on the little gear for the variation page though.

Sure make sure that is oh sorry be oh, right. There's a gear right there if I was recurring to that. Okay, so so this is a Content. So this is a common problem, right? Yeah here as well.

Right? No. No, it's here's the deal. So the best way to the best way because it's click funnels basically has a different URL for each For the control version and the variation version. Yeah, the the best thing to do is to just close out of there for a minute.

Sorry, right? So you got that you got the root URL which is training Dash two, right and basically all links and all traffic. should go to training Dash too, because that's the only way the split test will actually run properly right but Again, each page has each page has its own URL too. So typically what we do is if I set the main URL to be training Dash two, then under the gear for the control and the variation. I will set the control to training Dash 2 - c for control.

Yes that the variation of training Dash two dash V for the variation and that way I can create that rule that just says hey if it contains training Dash two, whether it's the control of the variation that was always gonna work. Got it. Okay, so just like so for the control and update and on the variation, I mean changes for the to make it V and then I can just continue to do this. Right right. Well then yeah tell you if we don't add the let's say - c or Dash V.

What did the page just add in like a whole bunch of numbers as variation? Oh won't actually okay. Yeah, that's it. You tell it what it if you don't tell it what it'll do yet I'll make something up which is where the problem but if you tell it specifically so you just gotta add that to your Sops to just build and stuff and just so you know like in general. I also have like a Like a naming convention for each type of page, right?

So any page that has an opt-in form typically has Dash rege in it somewhere and page. That's a sales letter typically has Dash details any page. That's a thank you confirmation is Dash thanks order confirmation is - confirmation order Pages Dash order schedule page would be Dash app or schedule. But so that way when I'm creating those kind of rules and tag managers I can easily if I wanted to Target just all my thank you pages. I could just say hey anytime it's Dash.

Thanks like an opt-in occurred. Oh, it's great. But then if I don't let's say if I have it synchronized with this exact name. So so I think what I did for this page and variation page is to just match up. Okay?

Yeah, that's that's what I just typically what I do is I just change the path name to be the exact as the the root domain. But then what that ends up is you can see you just numbers just so it it over. Well, yeah, so just adding numbers you just add - c or Dash V and then it won't add numbers. That's perfect. Okay.

Thanks man. So for going back to the Google tag, I'm just gonna take this as well and you Going to post it right here, right? Yeah training Dash two awesome. let's say and then I can oh just closes and yeah, click save. Oh, yeah name it so.

Would that be again you use a naming convention? Right? Right, like prefix it with like ga ga can J Co NV. So, you know, it's like a Google Google AdWords conversion and then colon and like what which conversion goal it is like and I would probably name it the same thing. It's named inside of the AdWords admins so that you know exactly which one it is.

so like so I could be like are State this and then I'll just add it in like this. awesome How can I not have space? Okay. I tried to have the colon. Okay, let's just add a dash.

Maybe. Yeah, that's what we're gonna add bracket. Awesome. Awesome. I'll do that.

So, okay. So right now okay, so I have the pics. So right now if I take a look at the code the code should be where Here is so right right. Now. You would Pace that code into the well, again, typically you would paste it into under the funnel settings, right?

You would paste it into the head and the footer. But if again, it's working on my hands, I'm not sure what the actual issue and I don't know what the hell this script would so, let me see Google. Yeah, so sorry about that. So yeah what this does they actually have a tutorial as well and they're telling us to Let me enlarge this for you. So they're saying that I just have to take this thing and use their app.

Anyway, I'll just try to follow this and they should be able to guide me through. Yeah, basically you would paste that tag manager code into here, I guess and then get whatever go they give you and put that into your page settings for or I can just maybe I can try it out. Maybe maybe it will work with you. Yeah, I would try and ever try. We're just today.

I mean maybe they fix it already. Yeah, I was gonna be interesting. So anyway, if I am to do that then what I'm basically doing is that I'm taking the Facebook. Yeah. Well, I would automatically add the Facebook Google tag manager alongside with the customer conversions and hi Rose together into that same funnel.

Is that right? Yeah, once you paste the tag manager code into that funnel, all this stuff is so all of those tags will always load on all the pages in that funnel. and you don't have to do any so the other thing you'd have to do is just make sure that you don't have Like the page that the pages that have the custom conversion code on them you would strip that out because you won't. so We give this girl so I'll just add better. Yeah, the body on the footer.

Yep, but I'll save this. Yeah, because I have the custom versions on the second page. I'm gonna take that out too. Yep. It's just Should be this one.

Yeah, but then I I tell you this account isn't Linked UP. Well this this Google tag manager account isn't linked up I think to. my well, I mean Is there any linking that I have to do with my existing Google ads platforms? Like yeah, you already did it by putting in that conversion label. I bring this right opening this.

Yeah, the linking is between analytics and words not between tag manager. Got it. Okay. Yeah, I was take this out click save. so by the way, what I did as I kind of like a bandage Band-Aid solution is I just straight up redirected all the opt-in pop-up buttons to the second page.

That way at least I'm not I'm I'm losing the opt-in but at least I'm not losing like yeah, yeah or call it is I like the right move to make or you where you find. I mean, yeah, I mean is yes, the second page is is an apple this calendar or something like that. Yes schedule. Yeah. let me make sure okay.

So let me just changes back to being pop up. save it and let me see if it works but is everything else working on your end as well? That's good sign. I mean I said, I mean at least the opt-in is I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to dig into the into the funnel into the Facebook group and see what the hell. Yes the issue.

that's where By the way, when you tested the form did you use this preview or well do typically use this. Split page test version as a preview or do you use this button as it if I'm testing that particular version of the page then yeah, I would use the button. Oh yes here, right. Okay, just because I I've tested this to this version doesn't use like the our our domain that we attached onto the funnel, right which And it works if we opted in through here, but for the actual page that has our our URL across it it gets stuck, but we try this out. Hopefully, oh perfect.

Okay, so maybe just tag manager would what remedy the issue? yeah, yeah, they fixed it which Really? Okay. I mean I would have to say that was which which face which Facebook thread was that that was just in the regular funnels officials by yeah, click funnels official. So if you look at I Kelly Yeah.

An hour ago, somebody just posted as well and got it. All right. But yeah, like I said, it's working on my end. See we're gonna turn he's working on mine now with the Google tag thing. So I'm glad thank you so much for walking through that today.

I was here real life saver. I don't know if it's still like I said and like you mentioned whether or not still a prevalent thing, but at least this can be a quick. Yeah. Well, I mean the good news is you're better off that way. Anyways, like that's a better way to do it.

And so, you know you and so the only other thing keep in mind is like Like tag manager isn't necessarily tied to any particular domain per se so if if you run in the same code on all your sites and the same pixels and all that then that's fine. You can just use one tag manager or if you want to have, you know, very specific. Tag managers for each domain or each funnel you can do that, but it's usually Overkill I mean because usually just with the way you can create the page triggering rules like we set up the page triggering. We're just the page URL part where you could also do page host name equals a particular domain and then page URL equals this page so that you can segment out different and you can put s*** and folders and stuff like that. So, Typically, I would say stick with one tag manager account for the time being.

Yes. But again if it's you have different ad accounts and different pixels and all that then you may have to kind of Either break it out or just create more specific rules. Like, you know, you might rename this like Facebook pixel for that domain and then you have a different Facebook pixel for some other domain. I'll do that. And then he was do you know only show that on this domain and not all pages?

Joshua what about for testing whether or not the these these things are oh, yeah. So just now I just scroll up to go back to tag manager. Scroll up, so click preview. This is the other nice thing about tag manager. right verify s**** working All right.

So now put in like here the homepage of that funnel. How do I just click finish right here or do I wait for? Yeah, just go back to that other window that you were just in the table over and click continue. Right? And so now it's showing you all right.

So the conversion Linker fire the Facebook pixel fire the highest picture fire, but the lead pixel did not which is what you want. And then and then oh, yeah version Linker is that linking to our Google tag where so I can potentially retarget anybody who has landed on the landing page? I think the conversion Linker just kind of helps kind of keep track a specially if somebody jumps across domains or something like that. Okay 100% sure on what it does. But yeah and but go back go to the other tab.

The other oh, so this one right here. Yeah. So there you say right so I got opt in again. Option here or just go to the next page you and obviously when the second and right so now go back to the tag assistant thing and you should see that now, you know, all those things fired on on this page. Perfect.

Okay, sweet. All right, that's that's easy. That's that way. You can see you exactly what's going on. Awesome, awesome and then like click on it.

Then I can see okay a bunch of stuff that I understand. But as long as it's firing then it's all well go do this. Go to go to click on variables. I think sure. No more data layer.

Sorry. Yeah. Just trying to find where it tells you. Click on the left hand side at the very top. On them.

Yeah that right there. All right now go to variables. No. place for it tells you and it's not showing that. Try window loaded.

There we go. All right, so Right there in a variables, right? So it's telling you like if you were going to create a rule like what it sees this page host name is www.co.ny what it sees us the page path is for slash training Dash too soon. So that way you know when you're creating a rule it's like, okay. All right, it's saying the page so I would create a rule contains if I can write a rules this training.

You don't need as long as it's contains, right? So the first slash doesn't really matter but Basically, if it contains training Dash two, that would work same thing. If you said if you created a rule where the page host name contains Bianca dot me then this that would still meet this criteria. So this is just helps you see kind of what if your rules aren't working. For some reason you can look here and kind of figure out why.

Did we did we set up the rule that it has to have this as like no because it's only installed on that domain right now, right? So the only time you would only time you would specify the host name is like I said if you were using the same tag manager account across multiple domains, and you really wanted to Make sure that that conversion goal only fires when it's on the training 2 page from Priyanka Dot may versus the training two page from edtang.me or whatever, right? Then I would add a rule then. You would add a rule right so you can you can have multiple conditions to the rule you could say, you know, hostname equal host name contains bracket at me and Paige path contains string two or you could do page URL and you could cop, you know contains and just have the whole first part of the The domain and the page like up to the question mark because you don't care about anything after the question mark like this, right exactly. Okay, but at least then you would know.

Oh, that's the page URL one that I need to use the phone to do that, right? Yeah got it interesting. And then if I have to close this, I would just click on the X, right. Yeah, I don't like close it and stop the buggy. Yeah, okay.

And then do I just click it again? Or you should stop that they can click it again. So. Is it area? It's not the bugging and then?

Where am I right now do it? So that's just a text assistant. Okay. This is a tag assistant tab. So I'm gonna close all of this.

So now I'm back to the home page and this is where I would yeah, did you? Oh, I don't think did we hit submit hit submit cuz I don't think we hit submit actually, so and actually yeah hits to me and then test the optin again because it could be that So hit submit and click publish right publish. Yeah, it's gonna ask you to like make notes. You know, I usually leave them blank doesn't really matter like really crack. What the hell you're what the changes were.

Because yeah because you can make changes in there and until you hit that publish. So you can make changes you can go through preview test it make sure it's all working. Right? Yeah, but until you hit published it's not gonna be live on the site. So now those changes live on the site.

Yeah, I would test the opt-in one more time just to make sure so just close this and then I'll Well, then, what would I need to wait until the server to really load up or what? Just pretty it's pretty instant. It's pretty it's okay, but the page though the page if I'm to make something on the page as an edit what it take while for it to actually show up I I I realize that if you added something I click funnels page. It basically takes two minutes for to show me. That's right.

Okay, but that if I tweak something on the codes and the tracking codes and and whatnot on the head Dragon code, then it will be instant. Typically, it's still probably two minutes, but two minutes, okay? but anyway, I'll just get my fingers crossed. I kind of have a kind of doing like the reverse often thing so I'm gonna leave my info and okay, so it's still working still working great and then Teddy do you have any idea why it's adding like the question mark and all this all this stuff. Right.

Yeah, that's that's because you just didn't opt in so that's the The Click funner click funnels user. User ID basically so you got it. Okay, so I thought that that would only apply if they how do you have the opt-in form set up though? Really? It's linked to our active campaign.

So and you're just using the actively right right just the integration like the standard integration and that's a list and all that. It's cool. Awesome. Cool. So that that should solve the issue when I'm gonna I guess I'm gonna try to replicate this and duplicate the code back into my other funnels and I appreciate your time.

And right now I so it's live and then if I'm to take the code again, I'm gonna go back here. And I'm gonna click this. Yeah, I need to go if you need to get to go just go to admin. Probably not. I mean you got you have the code in your in that notepad.

Anyways, yeah. Yes. I just copy that but if you need it again, yeah, there you go. Perfect. Okay, cool.

Cool. And then if I okay so if I'm making any changes that would be listed out here and then the only way it goes live like click on submit, correct? Okay. All right. Well, let me let me do a little bit of surgery right now and all my pages.

I appreciate your time Teddy at my teammates all gone to bed. So I'm like I said really grateful that that you got open Office hours at this time of day for us. Appreciate it man pleasure man. Glad I could help. Yep.

Take care as you.
