---
title: "Tech 2022-08-26 16:00:55"
date: 2022-08-26
duration: 48m
duration_seconds: 2900
vimeo_id: 743514512
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Tech 2022-08-26 16:00:55

**Date:** 2022-08-26 | **Duration:** 48m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, how's it going, man? How are you? Oh, wait, can you hear me? Yeah. Okay.

Cool. How you doing man? Good. How are you? I'm doing pretty good.

So I was gonna ask something about like impressions. Okay, something weird happened the other day like and sent out the campaign. And there was like 240 clicks to the sales page. Okay. But like Vimeo only like had like a hundred and twenty impressions.

and like do you know what like You know like it's a long form sales letter. So like maybe like we just scroll down and and they didn't see the the video but like an impression through my understanding is like when you load the page and the video loads, right? You don't have actually yeah the video the video has to load and so What you want to make sure somebody else had had is having this issue in venue as well. So, I don't know. I don't know Vimeo stats are messed up or or what the deal is, but So it could be it could be two things.

It could be the 240 people weren't unique people. meaning depending on which platform you're looking to track. Even if it's fit whether it's Facebook that said it was 240 clicks or whether it's click funnels that said there was 240 visits. It doesn't always mean that it's Unique. so it could be it could be a couple things could be.

You know Facebook will send out their Bots to go scan your page a bunch of times when you launch a new campaign so that can inflate The Impressions and that wouldn't load the video because those are just Bots. Um, and so it could be one of those two those two things. What are you using click funnels or what are you using? Yeah, click funnels. And so it was a hundred and forty.

Oh, wait two hundred and forty like unique clicks. It said unique clicks. Yeah, they was unique clicks and what it what did the campaign say? Same thing. So on click funnel it said like 240 and on the campaign said something around there like maybe like 160 clicks usually clicks and and actual like views like the first slightly but like not.

You know that big, you know, you know a hundred people. so yeah, so you think it was just like yeah, I'm starting to think that there's something wrong with Vimeo stats because like I said, there was somebody else that was kind of having that that same exact problem that Michael was asking me about yesterday. Well maybe was me because I talked about now maybe was you Maybe he didn't mention who it was. To you. Yeah.

So anyways, my suggestion to him was to Do you know this was Hamza so somebody else? Oh, so yeah, so and and he you know, Michael was concerned that it was a page speed load problem a hamza's on a completely different platform that that does load Superfast so I know it's not page speed issue. So I'm starting to think it's something with vimeo's analytics. So what I would say would be Potentially put the video either on wistia, if you get like a cheap very cheap whiskey account for just like one video or even like a trial. I don't get a trial on vitalytics, but you might be a free trial for another lyrics So then basically just change platforms.

Yeah, just try and see if see if it's different because it's just weird that you're now the second person to say that. Yeah, you can get a free forever account on vitalytics where you can have three videos and 50 gigs of bandwidth. So you probably won't. You probably won't won't I'll do that. At least at least in the test anyways.

yes, I would just test that and see if it's different like see if you're still seeing a discrepancy between page loads and video impressions the video lyrics yeah, I'll send it. I get the link in here just in case. this one Oh great. Thank you. But the other thing I was gonna say was like, you know to some degree that's that isn't as important as How much of the of the people that are playing at?

How much of it are they watching right like so yeah the morning thing because you know, even if you get the Impressions to match a hundred percent and people aren't click and play. It doesn't matter that the video loaded on the page or not. You know, right? Yeah develop this like only 40 people actually clicked and played, you know, how the 240 people but then like it was a long form sales letter as well, right? But okay.

Well we wanted to check this out because we might be thinking like because my I did check my page speed and I was like a d so that was not good. Yeah, that's that's a click funnel thing. And there's not a whole lot you can do about it, especially if it's a long form sales page as a lot of content on Stephanie. Yeah. Yeah.

Um, yeah, I mean we do it we do have another platform that we recommend but like ultimately for people that can afford click funnels and are already Uncle click funnels. Click funnels is a better choice longer term, so Okay. All right, so I don't you know like Because like it feels like we've launched this new campaign, um, you know, like we had lunch or campaign before and then we launch this new one and we got like some sales at the beginning we were doing like obtain to the to vsl and got into order form. And we had some sales with that. But obviously wasn't enough sales like to cover the ad budget right and then we changed to straight to the vsl.

and then we did like a few changes and every time like I feel like we're just making things worse, you know like Like it's it doesn't feel like we're doing anything that just making things better. So I'm trying to figure out like because you know ideally like if let's say you just write a campaign, right and it's like it's a good campaign like Actually, what might happen is like okay, you pretty much right away. You should get like a 60% return right or not. for mvf I I mean look man, the the harsh reality is that you know some somewhere like six to eight out of 10 campaigns don't work, right it definitely and definitely don't work with without a lot of testing tweaking reconfiguring rewriting the lead. Well, you know, whatever.

So like it's just the name of the game to to a certain degree and two you're in a very competitive space right? Like, you know, you're still To the guitar Niche is is a competitive space. So it's you're going up against other good marketers. As well, right? You're still that's an interest still in.

Yeah, yeah. so I you know, so I would just say that you know, those two things are are always gonna be a challenge the in terms of the terms of the ROI like you're looking for the MDF to at least break even Right. It's got It's got at least break. Even I you're not trying to necessarily make money on it, but Obviously, you know, if you're just starting out you've only got this one offer and you don't have a back end yet then then you're in position where you you need to make some money on it to keep. Kind of feel good.

Yes, the mvf is just like the one product and no upsells and whatever like and for my understanding you you want that to be like 60% Roi and then once it's 60% Roi you do things to optimize like adding the upsell and stuff. Like, is that correct? Yeah, that's ballpark. Correct? Yes.

But like in this case, we would want it to like at least break even and then just add up sales later on, right? Yeah, ideally, especially if you don't have a big back end in place where you can really monetize those people right? So what's yeah throw the put the URL to the page up to the sales letter. Um only because cuz you're the only one on right now and and I'm I'm looking to start to play guitar. So I'm actually in your oh really?

Yeah, but my neighbor was having a yard sale and so I bought his acoustic guitar. That's pretty cool. Well, that's like course for the for more advanced people actually because we changed from very beginners okay to finance, but I can give you that course for free if you want. Oh, yeah, man, I'd love to check it out. I'd be awesome.

Sherry I sent you to a preview one so it doesn't mess up the stats and whatever for now To do micro Aesthetics like I like that hook. You want to show your screen? Yeah. And so this is the video that wasn't getting the Impressions. Yeah.

Yeah. I mean I've loaded right away so I don't see why that would. You know, it's it's funny. It's funny that you're going after this angle. I was I just oh just over the weekend.

I started watching the The the Rolling Stones documentary. Mm-hmm, and you know the first episode about Mick Jagger with and you know, like he credits all his success to this right like his his ability to be a performer and entertain the audience like he's like my voice sucks. Like I'm not a good singer. Like that's that's not what I'm known for but I'm a f****** hell of an Entertainer and I can make you know, I can entertain any crowd at any time and that's yeah. Yeah, it's pretty cool.

You should maybe find that steal that but find out you find a clip you. Yeah. Yeah, it's an it's on the the doctor series is on Epix, but you can watch the first episode for free. On Amazon Prime and it's that episode as a minute cool. Yeah.

I'll check it out. So damn easy. Yeah, that's good. I really like this page man. I like this page.

I like this angle. I think the the only concern would be that it's If it's if it's gearing towards like this is how to Captivate an audience. It's only gonna apply to people that are playing on stage. Not not the guy playing it as basement. Yeah, right.

They could be. Well, actually I'm not saying change it. I'm just saying just make sure it's the right targeting, you know. Yeah, and I'm thinking like well most people like because the reason why we went after this English because most people like if you go look up when I call the internet why people start playing guitar and stuff A lot of times it's for other people or to just you know, look better like look cool, you know, right, right. and so like even if you're not an actual professional performer, like the idea was like that might actually apply even if somebody doesn't even want to be a professional but like you still want to Yeah, and somebody like a pro and so maybe mention that in the lead if you don't already.

See you're about discover science may see world class world class musicians used to Captivate Their audience. Well, if I don't want to be a world-class musician, and I'm not Like these two words together make me think playing in front of of a big audience. So potentially just putting something even right in the lead. Right and it doesn't matter if if you want to play to an arena or just several friends in your backyard, right? Yeah, these principles still apply.

Just something like that that at least the lead still hooks them in and they don't immediately say the same for me. I got all I'm not trying to be a world class musician. I'm not trying to Wow, you know. That's the only sense. Yeah that this good advice.

And yet, you know the other the other thing I'm finding which this may be what this is about right, but for me. a lot of it is I and again I'm just getting started right but you know, my father played my grandmother played so I've been around guitar like think I know some basic chords kind of thing, but for more it's more about the actual mechanics of How hard to press the string where on the Fret do I put my finger is it like right on the bars in the middle of the Fret like how you know because like I like I watch guys like he just even watching you play this video like it looks like your fingers are just gliding across that front board like you're barely using any pressure right? And and when I try to do that, it's just, you know, the strings are muted or you know, it's just a whole different experience. So like you know watching a guitars play they make it look so effortless and yet a beginners like Why didn't this yeah, so just that mechanics of you know of the real to me and I don't see a lot of people teaching that honestly like even even on YouTube. I don't see a whole lot of This is where to press on the Fret this is all hard to press this is this is how you transition easily like yeah, I kind of stuff in the first module.

Actually. This is like what we covered like the actual foundations and everything. So if you want to send you this one too, this one is like a little more. Do you know it basic chords, you know G minor CND, I I don't have a memorized yet. But I mean, yeah, I know roughly with yeah, I got to learn the basics first, but Got you.

Oh, yeah, I mean, yeah, like let's go you want to learn to play, you know? Yeah, I've always wanted I'm a drummer right so I play drums really. Well. It just guitar. I've never been like I said My grandmother used to play She's to try to teach me as a kid and I just never had the right hand coordination for it.

So and I may still not you know, I mean, I'm sure you do you just get a key keep going. I understand the Rhythm. I understand music, you know naturally, you know, all that kind of stuff. But yeah, that's probably the biggest thing I would say. It's just making sure that this that you can make this appeal to to anybody that doesn't necessarily, you know play guitar like a pro just 90 days like Do I want to be a pro or do I want to just be?

And again, maybe two different audiences right? So maybe you're targeting pros and you targeting people. that are you know, so so Perry Marshall taught me this a long time ago and this might be something to think about right which is When you're when you're when you're running campaigns towards audiences like thinking of kind of the what he calls kind of the right angle. Terms that they might be looking for that will tell you that you got The Right audience, right so meaning. If I was trying to run a campaign for like SEO, for instance, like I'd say I had a course on how to do SEO then I would be targeting people that are potentially looking for.

Things like, you know robots dot text or you know creating redirects in an HTC axis file or something like that. Right? Like those are those are real Niche level queries that you wouldn't be looking for unless you're trying to do. some SEO type work right, so there might be certain queries that the guy who's playing on stage is searching for either types of equipment or you know Like other things that that might be related to performing on stage or things like that that you could Target that's not necessarily. Just how to how to be a better guitar player or whatever you're targeting now, right?

Does that make sense? Like I don't know. Yeah what those would be but like Now that that makes total sense so far. We've been targeting so far. We've just done keywords.

And then we're doing it just a play guitar exact phrase match keywords on Google right those recommended by John and that's the one that got better results at the beginning, you know, like when we tested multiple ads and now we just kind of like focus on that one ad set with that one ad that was the better one. but and trying to optimize the ads but I guess you know like right now like it's already spent like sixty dollars and the price is twenty seven dollars and I quite it's got 40 clicks or something and so far the stats look even worse because before I had like a 13% like vsl conversion rate and now we change things we move the button down lower and whatever but so far it looks like the the conversion rate for for the vsl is just I don't think there's any conversions. Okay, maybe there was one person. Wait, no wait. Let me let me see cuz it's not even correct right here here.

But you see what I mean, right? Like like if you're targeting a keyword search phrase like play guitar, then you don't know whether that person's a beginner or somebody who already already knows how to play and is looking as to do this right? Like this is somebody who like you just asked me like we've got the basic chords down pat who who knows how to move around the front right now. It's getting you know, putting on a better shoot better performance or playing better or smoother or whatever you want to call it right and that but that's completely different than A very beginner. Yeah, right.

So so even somebody that's you know that's looking for tabs. Right like that person that's looking for tabs already probably knows how to use tabs. right, and so They're there one step Advanced of the dude. That's looked like me. That's hasn't even I could I could look for tabs, but I wouldn't know what to do it.

Yeah. Yeah, I mean, so if I targeted something like similar audiences to Ultimate Guitar Then be a good one. Performing guitar is a tab is a tab basically a tab website tab website or tab. Yeah, or even just a tab the different Tab apps, you know, things like that. So any apps any equipment any any real?

like Insider language, you know, like like, you know, it could be like, you know fixing your pickups or something right or you know, yeah that volume control or something. Like that's a guitarist that knows what the hell he's doing like your beginner isn't gonna be Trying to mess with their pickups like your big beginner's gonna be looking for how to change my strings. right so you turn. yeah, I'm writing this down because it's sexually very good and make sure basically you're saying like targets more. Accurately, basically just thinking about what people the people that I'm targeting are actually searching, you know, right that that their level of experience makes sense for for the offer, right?

So so yeah, so like even if you took your old offer like the the beginner offer Again, somebody searching for for how to change their guitar strings is probably perfect for that offer right like yeah how to tune a guitar. right So they're not necessary, you know, they're a little less intent. They're not exactly looking for a course, but at least you know that that type of person needs help. And yeah at the beginner level. Yeah, and we used to do that.

We used to be like how to play guitar for beginners and something like that and like in this day and see the difference there is like if you go to how to play it for good play guitar for beginners. Then you're competing against all the other guitar guys. Yeah, if because the other guys aren't thinking about I'm gonna Target how to tune a guitar. Right, so you're gonna have less competition The Click costs will be lower all that stuff. Yeah.

Like I bet you like let's just look at let's see. I bet you. Let's see how to tune a guitar. I see there's not a single sponsored ad for this term. Oh.

That's crazy. So maybe we changed the entire funnel de enchant entire campaign. Well, all we had to do was change the targeting. Yeah, I mean it's it's always about Market to message match man. So that's that's that is definitely a big part of it.

So yeah, so I would just I would spend some time thinking about that like like try to put yourself back to being a beginner and be like what the hell was I searching for when I was first or what? I what would I be searching for stuff like this how to tune a guitar how to change my strings. Let's see I change string change. same thing like no ads Wow. That makes sense.

Yes. So if I wanna Yeah, because at this point like, you know, I spend all this. I mean like I'm I use probably a command for two to just make this new campaign, you know. I'm still recording the course, but yeah, like so far like it's just it's it's not working. Well enough even as a minimum viable funnel, so I'm like So you're take on it is like just tweak the targeting like the is at this point.

I'm just trying to figure out okay, so like do I need to go back to a drawing board and rewrite a new campaign or not? No, I would I would play with the targeting a little bit. You know and again I would talk to John potentially as well just to make sure like, I'm not complete. I mean really really just kind of test it right. So just throw up another ad group with with some of these different types of terms again, like I said, the I think the beginner terms are probably easier to identify than the pro terms like what what the right?

and that Pro, but you know Beyond beginner yeah, because I mean that offer certainly is more gonna be more attractive to again somebody who's got the Bare Basics down at least. Yeah now and then that's what we were shooting for because like, you know, most people that are beginners. They've been probably not really like looking to like the thinking was you know, looking to invest like money on it like probably I'll just use YouTube for YouTube, right and they're not really invested in it while somebody has played for a while. It's probably gonna be like, oh, you know what this is, you know, this is kind of cool, you know, well, okay, you know, yeah well and again something they haven't heard before right? That's the whole key behind the campaigns we create is like, oh, what's this?

I haven't heard those before and seen this before for 30 bucks. Is it worth checking out? Yeah, but it's got to be somebody that But again that fits that the pain points that you're gonna appeal to or the aspirations that you're going to appeal to. Either either you got a widen them so that they cover, you know, whoever lands on this page or you got to Target a very specific segment of the audience. Right, I think doing both is a good idea because like here if I just added like, you know you whether you want to play in front of people like for for bar or just by yourself in your basement.

These will make you sound better, you know, exactly exactly. Okay. Yeah. so do you think like making like this kind of change could like potentially bring this from like just being a total fluke to like being somewhat viable I mean gun to my head. That's what I would do.

I would sir I would certainly I would certainly test that especially when when you start seeing like what we just saw right like if there's if there's no other competition for the keyword and it may be there's no traffic on it. Right? We don't we won't know until you set up the ads. But yeah, but it shouldn't cost much because there's no competition. Yeah, there's no competition for ultimate guitar ever like on Google.

Which makes no sense? But I'm running YouTube ads. So do you think it would be a good idea to just do like a Google display ad kind of thing? I wouldn't do display. I would I would do actual to Google search ads.

Google search ads yeah. oh, so like word because I've been just doing YouTube ads for now like So so far, we've just only been using YouTube ad we haven't used Facebook or we haven't tried any of these even with my previous campaign. like when it makes sense to just change like also platform and see if something works like, you know, let's say try Facebook and see if that works or yeah, I mean so so look, so my personal opinion is my personal opinion and you know, I I am not immediate buyer, but For me it always makes more for me when you can Target somebody. who is specifically looking for something very close or related to what you have to offer that to me is more effective than just Picking a random audience on Facebook like fans of Guitar World or whatever that that may or may not be interested in by like, you know, if I'm searching for I'm going to Google and I'm searching how to change my strings, you know a lot about me right? Yeah dinner, you know, I own a guitar and you know, I'm probably struggling right?

And so if you can tap into that cheap, and so what I would personally do would be kind of probably a dual pronged approach meaning I would certainly have a search campaign targeting a bunch of those kind of longer tail keywords that I can get very cheap clicks on. and then once I got them to click and go to the site then retarget through YouTube and Facebook because now you at least oh right, but so you'd use the Google search campaigns for like to just get click set for to get cold cold leads basically cold like cold. Yes, because they'll visit your page. I mean you can retarget them, correct. Yeah, okay.

I mean, I mean obviously you still want to get to Google campaign working if possible. But but at least that will make that will make advertise. I mean YouTube's kind of the same thing right YouTube YouTube is search query based right? So you you have the same Unity to Target based on YouTube for search query, but but it's the same kind of thing like so even if you I would think just probably gonna be more competition. For ads on YouTube for those types of terms though, probably.

Yeah. Problem here is it's not it's not always so obvious. I mean, there's no ad no ad came up off the bat there. Yeah. Under Gibson.

Just trying to put you guys all you guys out of business. Control lessons today, I'll give you a quick maintenance lesson on how to change a string on an acoustic guitar. Yeah. Sorry, man. I mean that's three videos.

Yeah, nobody. Yeah. Man, if I tried like the the old campaign and just running today and it works. I'll be like oh By who knows? It's probably might not even work anyway, but it makes good.

But do you get it now? Like it makes sense right like you but if you really start thinking through like all right, what would it beginner actually be freaking looking for other than how to play guitar or beginner guitar lessons or like what are the what are the searches that would indicate to me that this person needs help and has no clue. And just kind of start thinking thinking through it that way. We've got you. Yeah, I definitely definitely try to do that because Obviously what we're doing right now is not working.

So I'm still gonna give it like a hundred people to the page. But like right now like I had 50 people 50 Union visitors, I think where let me see. what 48 unique visitors and only one order form view that's Got pretty bad and that's not bad. That's straight to that sales page. No, opt-in right to that sales page.

Yeah. And the people that are watching the video how much how much of the video they watching. That's kind of hard to tell now because like I used the same video I should reload like reupload the video and every and we put it there every time I launch the campaign right because a different test. Yeah, even if different audience or whatever so, you know, and yeah, I didn't do that again, so Like right now, I probably don't know. I have a bunch of like I idea from before because yet you have regular Google analytics on the page to know how long they're spending on the page.

Yeah, I have hajjar too. Okay, okay. So like what's the average time on page? Let me let me check real quick. so dashboard average session duration is 10 minutes.

The video is 24. The videos 24 minutes long. So yeah, either either they're watching have to video or they're or they're reading the page which is good. So, yeah, so, I mean that that would so if they're If you're getting clicks on the ads, they're landing on the page. They're spending a decent amount of time on the page.

Then there's there's enough interest there. But it's but they're not well, they're not clicking through to the order form. So. I mean indicates something wrong with the offer always. Well in this case before we used to have the button right under the video.

Mhm, and so our our click through rate from the vsl to the order form like was a lot better, but now the button is way down lower so that so we would have more qualified because before what happens is that we had 13% conversion rate on sales page, but only a 3% conversion rate on your reform. Gotcha. Yeah reform sec. Well, so what you probably want to do is have the button show up. After a certain point in time in the video, right, so maybe after like five minutes.

It's 24 minute video, right? So mm-hmm after five minutes, maybe have the button show up underneath the video because you don't want away because it if it's right away then they know there's something to buy and they're gonna they're gonna probably bounce quicker, right? So after five minutes, I don't have to wait until the offer is actually been shown in the video If It was a regular vsl and the copy wasn't on the page and they couldn't just scroll down then. Yeah, but since since they can basically scroll down and see the offer at any time then. Got you.

So here's the thing though. Like I'm thinking like so far like through all the tests like having the vsl the long form just Looks like it made things worse. to me because before like it looks like you know people were were buying more, you know, well, so I mean the other option that you can do. The other thing you could test right would be just a vsl the weight button and then an exit pop. That redirects him to the sales racing to safely don't have time to watch the video.

Check out all the details. That won't that won't do it on mobile though, right? What's on the exit pub doesn't pop on the exit pop won't pop on mobile. No. Okay.

Well we might do that I guess um because I feel like now like the long form which is distracting from the video and not really helping people consume the message right as well and I'm thinking like well, I was thinking like maybe I should rewrite everything like with the same idea and whatever but just make it a little shorter because 24 minutes. I don't know might be long but I mean, I mean you got two options, right so it's either. Either you exit pop. To the sales page or you exit pop to an opt-in so you at least capture the lead? And if you capture the lead then you can email them.

Give him some sort of lead magnet for opting in but then in that follow-up that delivers that lead magnet, there's also a link to a shorter version of the BSL or the sales page or whatever, but you see something. And the offers feels compelling. So just be careful this. Because if you're saying 672 here and then it's only 27, but then you're saying here. It's my $70 off.

Oh, yeah. First of all, I wouldn't even mention that it's on your website. You know, I would just saying yeah, let's say 72 dollars off and savings of you know, 650 dollars. Gadget guarantee solid I mean most of the other offers in your most of the guys you're competing again. They're going to vsl or they're going a long-form sales letters or where they going to it's well most of them is just BSL with like some kind of like short form sales letter.

So it's like they don't have the actual video. Text in the vsl in the in the long form. It's like short form of like maybe like the the offers tag and like testimonial also something like that, you know. And another one of my competitors is just video then after seven minutes. He starts the offer.

I'm in the button pops and then he has an exit pop to a vsl long form. And yeah, the other one is just short forms. You know video and short form. And then the other ones is usually video and short form but some of them offer free trials too. What's up with this?

You know, these aren't spreading all the way. No. That's weird. I would probably get rid of those background here on the offer. Yeah, okay wanna stand out.

I'll just make it probably make it white and then leave leave the the row black so the catch you. yeah, I mean I mean those are those are the things I've just been and and again, I I know it's a lot. I know there's a lot of different variables that you could that's that's yeah, there's never there's never like of what it has never any yeah. Just got it. You got to keep testing which I know requires money and requires budget and get it.

It's not easy, but I feel like I feel like you are. A thousand percent closer than than even last, you know, like I really like this and I think this will appeal to to the right player. Yeah, hopefully yeah, I don't know man. Hopefully works. Yeah, I'm like and you know, okay because he could even be things like this like they can how you can use it sound like a pro guitar player again, like most people don't want to be Pros, but But they may want to be they may want to sound like someone who's been playing guitar for decades.

Oh, yeah, right. So that's different than being a pro. here of sounding like a pro. Sounding like someone. That played for decades years or decades or you know, whatever but the same.

same outcome but different, you know, there's there's that whole thing of you would are you gonna be a real musicians gonna play it like play for me do like I've been playing drums my entire life. I've never played in a bar band. Like just my goal. I just like turn it on the radio playing by ear jamming out. Getting my you know, I have no desire to play in front of an audience.

I could I'm good enough, but it's not. I don't have time. Yeah. So I don't want to just want to pay for I want to be a pro but you know, I still want to play like Neil purr. Yeah.

Well, you want to play it I could press it. That's what I was thinking. It's like because most kids or you know people in general say oh would you want out of guitar? Well, I just want to play better. I just want to be good, you know, like they usually say it like that and I know like playing better.

It's not very specific, you know, so it's like you can't be like, you know, how can you how you can use to sound better at Guitar? I can just 10 to 15 minutes day, you know that it would just not be very specific. But who knows? This is the language that people use Maybe I don't know. Would you think that that would work because that's what they use, you know, they don't nobody is saying like oh I want to sound like well we say like I want to sound like a pro but it's what what I think they might say is you know.

Like I want to play like slash. Mm-hmm, right, but that's not the same as I want to be slash. Yeah, no, I don't want to be the headliner and Guns and Roses right? But but if I could play like slash that would be awesome. Right like so I think it's that distinction of you know, so.

so, you know and how you can use it to to play like your your favorite like even if you just said that maybe how to sound like your favorite pro guitarist right there or something like that or or you know play as good as a a pro guitarist or or you but like ultimate ultimately I think it's it's potentially like again for me like if I pick up a guitar and I'm playing I want people to feel like I've been I've been playing for years, even if I just yeah, six months ago, right and so like That's how you want to wow people, right? You either want to wow them or you don't want to embarrass yourself right one of the other. that makes sense that yeah, I'm just because I mean like I know if I sit on the drum set people will be like, oh wow you you must have been playing for a long time. Thank you. You didn't you didn't you didn't just start doing this last month.

Yeah, right and and that's all I need like I don't need them to be like, oh dude, you should be you should be playing for the food Fighters like place in the guy replacing Taylor like no, that's not what I'm looking at, but So no that makes sense. All right. Well, thank you and guess I'll just see what happens with this until I get a hundred people so we get some stats for that and then I'll try the new, you know, try to Target people that look for ultimate guitar because I know most people that look at ultimate guitar like we're more like more maybe more advanced like you said and just try to find different angles like that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah just spend the weekend kind of thinking through that like, you know, like like what's what's the stuff you search for still right?

Yeah other than marketing stuff, but I know right that it feels like this is the only thing I'm searching for lately. Ah, anyway, thank you for everything else. See you next time. Okay, cool math. Appreciate it.

Thank you.
