---
title: "The 10 Highest-Converting VSL Themes In 2025 2025-08-20 23:01:50"
date: 2025-08-21
duration: 2h 2m
duration_seconds: 7338
vimeo_id: 1111850588
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# The 10 Highest-Converting VSL Themes In 2025 2025-08-20 23:01:50

**Date:** 2025-08-21 | **Duration:** 2h 2m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What is going on? Everybody? We're gonna get started in, uh, in just a minute. You are in the right place. This is the top 10 most profitable VSL themes being used in 2025.

Right now. We're gonna get started, like I said, uh, in just a bit. Let me make sure that I've got the chat permissions turned on so everyone can chat. Uh, and we will rock and roll. Oops.

We'll rock and roll shortly. Somebody go ahead and just let me know that, uh, pop into the chat that you can hear me akay and that you can see me akay. Just making sure that I'm not talking into the, uh, the ether out there. So just let me know that, uh, somebody can let me know in the chat that you can hear me akay, that would be great. Perfect.

Thank you so much, Kenneth. Awesome. Awesome. Love it. Appreciate you guys.

Thank you. Alright, so one more time. You are in the right spot. We're gonna get started in just about two minutes. Uh, we will let the stragglers come on.

Um, and I know that, uh, we tend to get a lot of people wait for the replay. There will be a full replay for you guys, um, tomorrow. So if you can't stay for the entire training, no big deal, uh, but you, you are in the right spot. This is the top 10 most profitable VSLs or VSL themes being used in 2025 right now. And we might as well rock and roll.

Let's just roll and get started. So let me go ahead and share my screen. Lemme go ahead and share my screen over here. And let me do this. Actually, let me do this.

Boom, boom, boom. And so let's do this one more time. I just wanna make sure somebody let me know that you can go ahead and you can see the slide deck, um, ao Okay. And so just somebody say yes that you can see the slide deck. Perfect.

Beautiful. Love it. Okay, awesome. So let me officially welcome you to the 10 highest converting VSL themes in 2025. The same VSL themes that are being used by A players, some of the biggest marketers, the, the heaviest hitters, if you will, in all of direct response.

Now, let me quickly cover for you guys and gals what it is that we are going to cover on this training. I think my aim is to, uh, to take about 90 minutes. Hopefully 90 minutes may be a little bit longer for this, but what we're gonna cover Is we're gonna go in depth on this. We're gonna talk about the top 10 VSL themes. Of course, I'm gonna give you the high level hook for each of the VSL theme, the themes, excuse me.

I'm gonna give you the formula and the structure I for each of the 10 VSL themes so that you can see the simple, simple structure. I'm gonna explain to you why each VSL theme works, because it's more important for me that it's more important to me that you understand the kind of the psych, the psychology, and the persuasion elements, um, behind each of the themes rather than just the themes themselves, right? Because when you understand why these themes work, right, um, over time, you can look for other themes that meet the same, um, criteria. I'm gonna show you some example what I, what I call mock copy. Uh, I think I've got three examples for you for each of the VSL themes so you'll understand kind of the angle, the messaging, the, um, the, the formula.

I'm gonna explain to you the best audience for each VSL theme. And then we're going to, um, finish with, uh, three bonus VSL themes. The reason why these are bonus VSL themes is because even though these are, these themes are crushing it right now, they're not nearly as popular or or as widely used as the core main 10 that we are gonna cover. But I am gonna share these with you because I think that they're worth you, um, knowing and potentially, um, considering. Now, I wanna quickly talk about for you, I want you to understand the, not the benefits of this training, really, I want you to understand why I'm sharing this with you, how you're ultimately going to use this information, or how you should be thinking about using this information, what it is that I'm gonna share with you tonight going forward.

And so the very first thing is that of course, right? It should be obvious that with these 10 VSL themes, you're ultimately eliminating guesswork. You're really just short-cutting the, the process. You're short-cutting the VSL engineering process, uh, with these, right, with these 10 themes because you understand the, the persuasion formulas that people are already responding to, right? And so, let me, let me share this with you, right?

So, um, uh, LA was it last year? Last year? Yeah, I think it was last year. I held the copy legends lockin, this is, excuse me, where I brought a couple of dozen of the absolute best copywriters on the planet today into Orlando. And we spent eight hours, right?

I fed them. We were in a, an incredible mansion in Orlando, uh, that we rented for the weekend, um, to, to wine and dine these guys. Um, and, uh, and one of the copywriters, uh, Peter Kel, who is written for, um, Mindvalley, has at, you know, at one point had the, I believe it might may even still be the top, uh, the top VSL uh, run, certainly the top for Mindvalley. Well, Peter said something at the copy legends lock-in that's worth understanding. When we were going around the room talking about the different kind of approaches and formulas that these copywriters use for, um, for VSLs.

Peter said something really interesting that nobody else really touched on, and Peter said, he said, really, all I do is I just take the winners in the marketplace, right? That are, that are already the, the, the winning campaigns from others that are already out there, and I am just re reverse engineering what it is that they are doing. And then I'm using that to create our version. And so what is Peter, what did Peter ultimately mean by that? Exactly what this bullet says right here, that you're not right.

You're not reinventing the wheel. You're not starting with a blank slate. You're not coming up with, you're not forced to come up with brand new ideas, angles or persuasion formulas on your own. You're ultimately understanding the formulas that people are already responding to. That's one of the, the most valuable aspects of what it is that I'm gonna equip you with to tonight is, right, is having these pre persuasion formulas, that persuasion formulas that are already working across the board in a variety of different markets, niches, spaces, offers, products, services, um, et cetera.

The next thing is that by understanding these VSL themes or right, having this big picture, this high level understanding of these 10 themes, right? It, it equips you to deploy the right marketing message at the right time by matching the right VSL theme or the right VSL persuasion formula to the funnel temperature. What I mean by this is, is ultimately is really two things really. This should say funnel temperature as well as prospect awareness. So ultimately, right, right?

We know that when it comes to traffic, right? You could say there's cold traffic, there's warm traffic, and there's hot traffic. Cold traffic is when you're running, when you're doing any kind of media buying, and you're running any kind of, uh, paid ads, whether it's through Facebook or YouTube or whatnot, or any platform for that matter, right? And you're, you're advertising to, um, the masses, so to speak, right? You're not advertising to your leads, you're not advertising to your house file to your tribe, to your buyers.

You're just advertising to the, uh, masses. That's what we would call, right? Cold traffic, warm traffic, or people that know you. They might not be buyers of yours, they might not be fans of yours. They might not be tri a tribe, but they might have clicked on something that you've done.

They might have visited your website, right? Et cetera, right? They, it may be part of a retargeting campaign that's warm. And then hot traffic are usually right. People that are intimately familiar with you, that are likely fans that, uh, maybe even are buyers, depending on how hot you wanna get.

Well, right? How you speak to those different segments, right? Uh, varies, right? The way that you speak to a cold audience is vastly different than the way you speak to a hot audience. Just like the way that you communicate on the backend, right?

For the second transaction, third transaction, fourth transaction, when you're talking to, uh, to customers, clients, students, et cetera, is vastly different than the way you talk to prospects on the front end. What you do and say, and show and present and and whatnot on the front end is vastly different than what you need to do on the backend. The front end is much more difficult, which is why the front end of any direct response driven business is the most expensive aspect of the business, right? The backend is infinitely easier, and the deeper into the backend you go, the easier it gets because you're talking to people that are already buyers, already have a relationship with you already, right? Know, like, and trust.

You have already seen that you deliver the goods, et cetera. And so, right, understanding how to match the right message, right, uh, at the right time, meaning as somebody's going from cold to warm to hot, as well as different levels of prospect awareness, right? So hopefully, uh, all of you're familiar with the prospect awareness pyramid, right? Originally, uh, the, the idea or the concept came from Jean Schwartz and Breakthrough Advertising, or ultimately, people are, there's one of five different levels of prospect awareness. There's unaware, which is, these are people that are completely unaware that they've got a problem, they're unaware of the different solutions out there.

They're unaware of your solution. They're not in the market for your solution. 'cause they're not, you know, they're, they're not aware that they've got even a problem. And then there's one level up, there's problem aware, these are people that are aware that they've got a problem, but they're not so in tune with what are the different, um, solutions out there, the different products out there and, and so on. And so then one level up from that is solution aware.

These are people that are aware of the different types of solutions, and maybe they've narrowed it down to one of two types. This might be somebody that's aware that they've got back pain and they're considering massage therapy or chiropractic care, and they're trying to decide between those two solutions. And then one level up, we've got product aware. These are people that, right, they are aware of the different types of solutions out there, and they've chosen the type of product or solution that they want, and now they're looking for the best one. So maybe in this case, they're aware, they're aware that they've got back pain and they've chosen that they want to go get chiropractic care.

And now maybe they're looking for the best chiropractor in West Palm Beach, Florida, right? That is product aware. And then there's most aware, most aware tend to be people that are your existing buyers, clients, students, customers, subscribers, um, et cetera. These are people that are fully aware of what it is that you do, what it is that you offer, and so on. Well, again, just like with funnel temperature, how you communicate with those different segments, what you say and what appeals you put out there, and what angles you use in your marketing message is going to vary based on their levels of awareness.

And so we, by understanding these 10 themes, you're able to deploy the right message at the right time to prospects by matching the right VSL theme with where the prospect is at, uh, on their, um, on their journey. Next is, right. And this is huge that I want you to grasp this. 'cause this is something that a lot of, uh, of, of average marketers and copywriters and entrepreneurs just don't fully understand. And that is that really just even by understanding these, uh, having a high level view of these 10 VSL themes, you can achieve a much greater, much deeper marketplace penetration by being able to speak to different, um, you know, customer or client avatars without having to build a whole new message.

In other words, you can communicate with different audiences without having to build an entirely new marketing message, without having to build an entirely new VSL without having to build an entirely new funnel. Because you can use these themes, right? To ultimately change up the beginning, the lead, as we call it, of the VSL, right? And so you can relea a campaign or change in this context, it would be you change the lead to attract a different customer or client avatar. You've gotta realize that for any one product, right?

Uh, and this is in, in every case, but for any one, for every one product, you could have a half a dozen different client or customer avatars that, um, uh, uh, would potentially respond if messaged the right way. And sometimes the message that it takes to appeal to one customer or client avatar is vastly different than what it takes to appeal to another. Uh, again, in other words, like you might have a product that can solve a variety of problems. Well, right? So you could have one message speaking about one problem.

You could have another message speaking about another problem, right? Problem B, you could have another message, you know, um, talking about problem C and so on. And each of those may appeal to a different customer or client avatar. And so the beauty is, is that when you understand these VSL themes, when you get this right, it allows you to speak to different customer and client avatars, and you don't need to create an all together brand new, um, campaign. Next is, and lemme just take a drink real quick, next, is you can multiply the lifespan of an offer and your ability to monetize your marketplace, right?

By re-reading a campaign. So, in this context, what do I mean by re-reading similar to, right? How I want you to think about it like this. I want you to imagine that 80% of the marketing message can remain the same, right? The 20% that we would change for the, um, when speaking to a different customer client avatar.

Um, and in this bullet, when we're relea, the 20% is the lead. The lead of a marketing message is the first 300, 400, 500, 800 words of copy. And typically, the job of the lead is to set the emotional hook, to get the prospect obviously interested, engaged, excited to, um, tease the coming benefits, if you will, like, right? It's to set that emotional hook. And then the other 80% delivers the body of the marketing message, and ultimately then leads to the offer and produces the conversion.

And so, oftentimes what a lot of marketers and copywriters and entrepreneurs, uh, unknowingly do is when a campaign stops performing, when it's no longer within KPI and whatever that means for you, and it stops performing, they often will abandon the campaign and they'll move on to create an altogether new campaign when, excuse me. The reality is, is that they can, in many cases, relea the campaign, take, leave 80% of the campaign alone and just take the, the 20% the lead and swap out for a different lead with a different idea, a different hook, a different angle, a different VSL theme or approach or formula. Um, and boom, they'll be good to go. And so oftentimes you can relea a campaign multiple times to keep that lifespan, right? Going to keep that offer alive and continue using that campaign to monetize your audience.

So don't think that when a campaign ceases to work, or when it falls out of KPI, that you need to scrap it and start together with a new campaign. By understanding these VSL themes, you have the potential to relea campaigns. Because now, right, you've got, you're not starting from a blank slate. And the other thing, and this is really important right here, is that this allows you to identify the right theme angle that allows for the greatest message market resonance in other resonance, in other words, right? Which gives you the greatest ability to scale.

In other words, what we're talking about here is that oftentimes, without going too far down this rabbit hole, it's important for you to understand that, that, like, you might think you've got the marketplace nailed. You might have done extensive examination research. Maybe you're using ai, you know, uh, to do deep, deep research into your marketplace, and you might develop an idea, uh, a theme, an angle, a hook, uh, that you roll with for your marketplace. And you might think that you've got it nailed. But if you haven't tested several different themes, several different angles, several different hooks, you don't know if you've really nailed the right, right theme, the right angle, the right hook.

And so if you don't have the, um, if you don't have the resources to pull from, to have additional themes and angles, right, it becomes that much more difficult to run multiple tests to identify the biggest, the biggest winner, right? Or the winner that you want to ultimately scale with what lots of marketers and entrepreneurs do, I would say the overwhelming majority is they pick what they think is the right theme, or the right angle, or the right hook, uh, the right approach, if you will, the right formula. And then they, they run it, like they'll roll with it, they'll create their marketing message, et cetera, they'll roll with it, and then when it doesn't perform well, they optimize or they attempt to optimize within that framework, within that theme, within that angle, et cetera. And what they don't realize is that before you optimize the theme angle hook, you wanna test that you've got the right or the best, um, theme angle hook. And only once you've tested that and proven that, should you then go into optimizing the one that you've identified, right?

And so they leap to optimization before they've identified the, the right theme or angle that's got the strongest message to market resonance, which is where the real secret of scaling falls. And so, hopefully that makes sense. That's why I really decided to share this, right? That's why I wanna get you really thinking. I, I wanna give you more fodder, more resources, excuse me, to pull from, I wanna get your wheel spinning more than, more than anything, right?

Like, I wanna get you thinking about your marketplace. I want, I want you thinking about how could I potentially apply all 10 of these to my market, right? What I don't want you to do is immediately dismiss any one of these VSL themes as, um, as not appropriate for your market or as, um, not valuable for your market, not usable for your market, right? Anybody can do that. Anybody can find reasons why something won't work.

The real genius, the real magic, as Dan Kennedy used to say, is in identifying the reasons why it could work for you. And so what I, I wanna do is I wanna get your wheel spinning so that you begin to think about your VSLs a little bit differently so that you recognize that, right? That you have a bigger opportunity by leveraging, by, by understanding and leveraging more themes, right? Um, across the board in your, um, in your market. And so, hope that makes sense.

With that, let's get to it in section one. I'm just gonna walk you through, um, the top 10 VSL themes, and I'm gonna give you the high level hook for each. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you what the theme is, or I'm gonna tell you what the theme is. I'm gonna give you a high level hook so that you understand, um, the, the theme, and then we're gonna move on to the next theme, right? And so I'm just gonna give you really a, uh, a high level overview of each of the 10 VSL themes, and then we're gonna go into the themes.

We're gonna, we're gonna dive into the themes by looking at the formula for each, and we're gonna go through the formula for each, and then we're gonna look at examples, uh, example, mock copy of the formulas for each. So, um, so that you understand it, uh, before we, before we go on to the, to section four, I believe it is. And so let's start with the first one. The first one is, and many of these, hopefully you are a student of marketing, um, in general. And so I don't believe that, uh, I believe there may be one or two on here that you're unfamiliar with, but you should see these, you should be familiar with these from being out in the wild, in other words, right?

From seeing these out there, right? And so the first one is the personal revelation, V, SL, and the hook is extremely simple, right? The hook is, I used to believe X until I discovered Y That is the hook for this. VSL, the, and the, the important thing, and this, I want you guys and gals to grasp this. The important thing is not, is not the specific copy.

Like when I get to the mock copy examples for you, I don't want you to model any of those mock copy examples. Like, there's no magic in the copy. I want you to understand the magic is in the theme. It's, you know, I've, I've always said, like in marketing, right? The magic isn't in the model.

The magic is in the message in this case, right? The magic isn't in the, the copy, the magic, right? The magic is in the, um, is in the hook, is in the formula, is in understanding, right? That overarching, the overarching message of, right? Like, I used to believe X until I discovered y Uh, the reason why I'm sharing that with you is because it could be any variation of that.

It doesn't have, I used to, you know, I used to think LNOP was the truth, um, until I stumbled across, you know, X, y, z, that is the same personal revelation, VSL formula, just because I changed the words of the way that I'm expressing this high level hook, don't think that that's a different theme. It's ultimately the same underlying, um, the same underlying theme. And the example that I would just give, um, for this is, this is really the entire basis of the my E five method. VSL. The one that did the, that that really sold the, the, the most amount of the E five masterclass over the years was this VSL.

And it was a personal revelation. VSL, it ultimately was my story, uh, uh, used to, I used to believe right in, in this, the, the tactical, the copy, the wordsmithing. And it was only when I dove in and I understood, right? I, I got to go behind the walls at Agora, that I understood that no, it was really about education based marketing content that sold people on a unique mechanism, or educated people on a unique mechanism before we ever made the offer, right? That everything changed for me and right.

And, and so it was after I used to believe X, and then I discovered Y and now my whole life is completely different. That's the, the angle. And the reason why this works, gang is because right, when you use something like this, and later on, I'm gonna give you, you know, a simple formula to follow. I'll show you where this works best, where this shines best, uh, right? But ultimately understand that the reason why this is effective is because it humanizes you, right?

Like, it makes you more relatable, it makes you more human, it builds trust. And ultimately, right, it disarms resistance, prospect resistance, right? Uh, and then leads them to a new belief system. The new belief system that you experienced when you, when you discovered whatever it is that you discovered. And so, theme number one is the personal revelation.

V, SLI used to believe X until I discovered Y. And now everything is great. And I wanna pass that along to you. I want you to now have what it is that I discovered. Because if you want it, if you want the same things that I wanted before, then this is the shortest path to get it, and I want to give it to you.

Boom. Right? Personal revelation, VSL extremely popular in, uh, in like thought leader, uh, in guru, um, type businesses, um, even with consultants, um, big, and again, we'll, we'll cover all that. Theme two is the big discovery. VSL, right?

And this, I'm sure you've seen this in, um, the health space. You've seen this in the fitness space. You've seen this in the financial, um, space. The hook here is, right, we stumbled on something that we weren't supposed to find, or that we never expected, we would find, right? We right it.

It's exactly what the name says. We, we made this big discovery and this, this discovery that we didn't think we were gonna find, that we weren't supposed to find, that we didn't intend to find, that we accidentally stumbled across, that we accidentally uncovered any variation of that right? Produced results like nothing else that we've seen before, right? In other words, it's changed the entire game. This is right.

A great example of this. And you see this across the board, like I said, in health, fitness, um, and in financial, right? Um, Organify, VSL, where they talk about this ancient Chinese, uh, excuse me, ancient Japanese tonic that dissolves, you know, fat overnight that, right? They stumbled across and discovered this thing, and it happens to dissolve fat overnight is the, the, the gist, if you will, right? And the VSL is all about, right?

That what led up to the discovery, the discovery, the findings, and now how it's in x, y, z product or service. And you can have it. And the reason why this works, this one works, which should be somewhat obvious, hopefully to everybody, is that right? It drives monstrous, massive curiosity, and ultimately what it does is then it positions your product or your solution as the result of a rare insight or really accidental breakthrough or discovery, right? And so, again, it drives monster curiosity, and then it positions your product, your solution as the result of, again, an ultra rare accidental, you know, breakthrough discovery.

And so that is theme two. Theme three is another one that is just so insanely popular that not just in VSLs, but in, um, in ads, uh, especially video ads, uh, like YouTube ads, um, as well. You see this one out the wazoo in, again, health, fitness, for sure. The hook is this one weird blank could change how you blank forever. This one weird dieting trick, right?

Could change how you lose weight forever. This, you plug in whatever you want in here. That is the, the, the, um, that is the high level, um, hook right there for this, right? That there's a weird trick, a weird solution, uh, a unique solution. You could almost underneath this, for those of you that are familiar with the E five method and the unique mechanism, you could bring the, the unique mechanism under this theme, right?

Like, in other words, so the unusual solution, right? The, in this context, unusual solution would be a, a unique mechanism, right? A a different way, a new, different, unique way for the prospect to experience the results. Something that they haven't tried before, something that they haven't heard before, something that they haven't been presented with, you know, um, before something that nobody else has, has offered them, right? Sometimes it's just right.

The the weird trick, the, um, the strange trick, it some, some might not even be weird trick. Don't get caught up in those two words, right? Because what I would tell you is, again, I want you to understand, I want you to understand the angle, right? Rather than the actual words being used. Because oftentimes, right?

The like, weird trick, well, in the health space, in the dieting space, the weight loss space weird trick is so overused today that it's a pattern, it's not a pattern interrupt, it's a pattern. And when something becomes a pattern, right? That's a no-no, that's, that's a bad thing, right? It's kind of like, you know, the, the adage when, you know, a known, a known tactic is a blown tactic. If your market is aware of a tactic that you're using, right?

Then, that tactic is ineffective. And so we ultimately wanna show up different, I don't wanna use the same exact words and phrases that competitors are using. I wanna use different words as different words and different phrases to describe what it is that I'm describing, so that I show up differently so that I sound different, so that I feel different. So right? Instead of weird, we might have strange instead of trick, we might have hack, we might have something else, right?

And so it could be strange hack rather than weird trick. My my point is, but they're both ultimately conveying the same underlying message, right? And so that's what I want you to understand. I want you to understand the angle in here, right? That you can take your, um, you can take, uh, whatever it is that you are marketing and offering and selling, right?

And either weird trick angle or un unusual solution, um, angle, right? And whether it's this one weird trick or right, the, this unusual solution for blah, blah, blah, that could change how you blank forever or this one weird, you know, trick hack, dieting, trick, whatever it may be. Same, right? Like that's the same theme, right? This is the, the right from an example of this, right?

But the biohack biohacking, VSL of this weird breathing pattern, save my brain, right? This weird breathing pattern. And you see this over and over and over and over, I would tell you that, right? For those of you, again, that are really astute marketers here, right? This is one that is used out the wazoo.

You in many, many cases, if you look at the financial market, which is really one of the biggest DR markets, or specifically under, let's say the Agora companies, right? Um, and you look at, I would say 80% of the campaigns, the front end campaigns that they create are, you know, are in some form or fashion, the unusual solution, VSL, it's the weird pattern. It's the weird, uh, it's the unusual pattern, the unique pattern, um, that they discovered, right? And so this one is used all the time. Let me take another drink.

This is also one that I use often because I'm very bullish on the, on the, uh, you know, unique mechanism driven, you know, campaigns, education based marketing campaigns that are unique, mechanism driven. And so this is really, right. The unique mechanism, again, really falls under this theme because it falls under the unusual solution. VSL. The fourth theme is the broken system.

VSL. And this is the, the, the high level hook is, is this, everything that you've been told about X is wrong, right? And I'm gonna show you the right way. What you think you know about element op is not accurate, right? Same kind of same kind of hook.

What you've been told a a about this, about whatever X, y, Z topic, um, is totally false. And I'm gonna show you the truth and I'm gonna show you how to capitalize on it. That's ultimately what we're, what we're talking about here. Great example of this is money map press, right? This is, um, excuse me, one of the Agora companies, um, the VSL of Y 4 0 1 Ks are a scam.

They're ultimately in this, right? They're telling you that the, the, the retirement, the, the, the method of using your 401k for retirement is ultimately broken, right? They're framing it, they're getting more visceral. It's a scam, right? Like you're being lied to, you're being robbed, blah, blah, blah.

But ultimately, it's a broken system, VSL, um, and then they're giving you the best alternative, right? So they're taking, they're taking people that are in this case, that are interested in having a secure, uh, retirement portfolio, and they're showing them why the typical approach to that of 401k right? Is ultimately not gonna give you what it is that you want. They're framing it as a scam, right? And then they're introducing the smart way, um, to have a secure retirement portfolio.

Look, you could do that. There's, I i, I want you to again, think through how you could apply this that could be applied in almost any market, with almost anything that the market believes to be true. That you believe to be false, or that you believe to be inaccurate, or you, or that you believe not to be the full complete truth, and that you've got a superior alternative to that. And the reason why the broken system VSL works is because it also builds, um, instant curiosity, right? Like instant curiosity of, right?

Like when you say everything that you've been told about X is wrong, and I'm gonna prove it to you, and then I'm gonna show you the alternative. Well, right? There's lots of curiosity there. There's also lots of tension there, right? Because I, I not only wanna understand the right way to do it, but I wanna understand, I want you to show me the proof of what it is that I've been taught, or what it is that I think is right, is actually wrong.

And this also works not only because of the curiosity and the tension, but because it, it ultimately, right? Like, it, it creates this distrust in the prospect's mind with the, the, the, the status quo. Like, in other words, with the, with the, with the typical, like, in other words, we're, 'cause we're coming in and we're saying like, what you thought is what, you know, what you were told and what you believe to be true is not true. So we're creating this distrust towards what they're being told, right? It's kind of like, you know, like, look, you know, if you look at, if you look at, you know, when we had the, the, the, the, the virus, right?

And, you know, the, you know, news stations, you know, were reporting certain things, and a lot of people started to question those things and started to, right. See, you know, the, you know, some, uh, inaccurate stuff being shared. What happened? They lost trust, not just for those specific people, but they began to lose trust for those organizations. They began to lose trust for the, in the government, they began to lose trust in the, um, in the news organizations, right?

Rightly so. Um, and so the point is that by going against the mainstream, um, teachings, right? You are, you're, they're experiencing distrust toward the status quo, right? Which creates tension inside of them, right? And then you're ultimately relieving that tension by, uh, um, um, providing or offering them a proven alternative, right?

And it ultimately sets up your offer as a disruptive breakthrough. And so that's why this, this works. It's a combination of those things, like I said, you know, massive curiosity. I said, um, you know, tension, distrust towards the status quo, then, right? You're setting your product up as a disruptive breakthrough.

You're relieving that tension by then offering, you know, your, um, your alternative. And so that's why theme for the broken system, VSL, um, does so well and is doing well. And I think, you know, and this is pure speculation, so don't hold me to this, but I think that this is, this has really, is really working really well. Now, I, I would speculate that a lot of it has to do with people are already, certainly in the United States, they're already questioning the validity of what they hear from, um, you know, the government and from media and from healthcare workers, right? Wrong or indifferent, whether you agree with it or disagree with it, right?

People are today much more on guard and questioning the things that they're hearing much more so than they were 10 years ago. And so I think that, right? It, it doesn't, it, it's almost easier for them to accept this today than years ago, right? Because it's much more believable today that everything that you've been told, everything that you thought was true is, is inaccurate or what you, or maybe it's not everything. Maybe it's what you've been told about x, um, is absolutely wrong.

And I'm gonna show you y and offer you proof, and I'm gonna show you the right way to, to do it, right? That is much more believable today. That is a belief that a lot of people hold with a lot of things in a lot of areas of their life. And so I would speculate that that is, um, partially, um, why this VSL theme is doing so well. Theme five is the case study spotlight.

And this is right that typical, very much, you know, let me show you how client customer went from this negative scenario to this outcome, to this result in this period of time. This is the typical, right? The typical, um, case study, client experience, customer experience, uh, um, feature. This is really 1 0 1, right? And fact is, right, people believe results more than claims, and that's why, right?

This, um, VSL does, you know, this VSL theme does well 'cause it's proof in story form, story of the client and their experience. And people believe results, right? Results proven results more than they do just claims. And the beauty of this as well, another reason why I think you see this in a lot of niches and markets from companies that have a variety of different customer avatars, because this is easy to repeat with a variety of different customer avatars. So you could have multiple customer avatars, um, uh, uh, excuse me, featured in the VSL where you're really only updating 20% of the VSL and you're leaving 80% of the, um, the body, um, alone.

And of course, like great example of this is click, uh, the ClickFunnels, um, coaching VSL, right? Russell from how Sarah made 40 K in 60 days. That's the, the, the typical, right? Um, case study spotlight, still working like crazy. Then there is the transformation timeline.

VSL this is similar to theme number five, except this is your transformation, right? And so this is, here's exactly what I did step by step to go from negative scenario to positive scenario to go from this island over here that I don't, that I didn't wanna be on to this island over here that, uh, you know, I wanted to, uh, I wanted to be on, right? This is that like, you know how I went from being a broke Uber driver to 10 KA month wholesaler, you know, in, in 60 days or whatever it may be, right? Like how I went from this to, to this, how I went from making 10 grand a month to making, you know, a million a month, right? Um, selling simple websites or whatever it may be.

And the reality here is that the reason why this works, I would largely say, is because you're ultimately, um, painting or creating or delivering a relatable hero's journey, right? Hero's journey is the story framework that right is probably most talked about in marketing. It's by no means the only, uh, story framework that we can use in, in marketing, but it's probably the most, the most talked about, right? The hero's journey is also one of the most popular kind of story, um, frameworks that, uh, movies, you know, are, are, are, um, are based on or, or built, um, around. And so people do resonate with the hero's, you know, the hero's journey story, uh, story, uh, um, and so, um, and it gives, you know, it, it, it shows the transformation, um, and establishes believability for the same journey ultimately, that the prospect wants to go on, right?

Like, hopefully you're telling a transformation timeline, um, story, right? Because it is what you experienced is exactly what it is that the prospects wanna experience. That would be the only valuable reason why you would share your transformation timeline. If your, if your transformation involves weight loss and you're selling some crypto thing, right? Well, then it, it may not be so wise to use a transformation timeline, but hopefully you get the, you get the point there.

But that is theme six. Theme seven is the contrarian teacher, VSL. And this is, uh, this is different than the broken system. Um, VSL, this is what if I told you that the experts are wrong? And here's the proof.

This is your typical kind of like Dan Kennedy style. You know, email marketing is dead despite what you're hearing, but here's what still works, right? And so it's not, the system is broken, it's not the system is rigged against you. It's not, um, right? It, it's not that there's something wrong, like there's something wrong with social security, right?

This is what you're hearing, um, from the experts is wrong, and I have proof of it, and I'm gonna show you exactly what it is that is working or what exactly is the right way to do it. And the reason why this works is because it, right, it creates polarity, like, right? It creates polarity and authority, right? In other words, it creates significant contrast between you and the other people teaching, or what it is that you're teaching and what other people are teaching or sharing, I should say in your, um, in your video. And it establishes authority inherent in the, the approach itself, right?

If you can point out what is wrong, inaccurate, incorrect about what people are hearing from other experts, you naturally put yourself in a position of expert and authority. And so that's a big part of why the contrarian VSL works, where again, you're, you're, you're running contrary to, um, what it is that the other experts are saying and spreading and sharing. And so you, you see this often in the internet marketing world where, you know, one person will say, right, like, you know, you'll certainly see low ticket is dead, webinars are dead. You'll see things like, you know, it's high ticket, is the game low ticket stinks. You'll see the low ticket people saying, high ticket stinks, right?

Low ticket is the, is the game. And so, um, excuse me, that's, you know, um, contrarian, um, teacher. The other thing is that you, you've gotta realize is that with this approach, like when you dismantle, for lack of a better word, common advice with logic, right? Like another words when you have what I would call without getting too in the weeds on this, right? When you totally dismantle the common advice with an argument where, like a sound solid argument, right?

Where you're not just making claims, but you're supporting those claims with evidence, with proof, if you will. When you do that, it positions you as the contrarian expert. When you dismantle the common guidance, the common advice, and you do it with logic, with an argument, it automatically positions you as the contrarian expert. The key here is that you, you can't just make the claim, in other words, right? Like, what you'll understand is that it's not just saying you, you'll see here that I put, right, what if I told you the experts are wrong?

And here's the proof. In other words, ultimately, and I'm gonna prove it to you in this context, when I say, and here's the proof, I don't mean here's a screenshot of somebody's email, or here's a screenshot of, you know, their bank account. That's not what I mean by proof. In this context, it's right. What if I told you the experts are wrong, right?

And here is the, the proof. What I mean in this context is right. I'm gonna lay it out for you. I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna prove it as almost as if I am a prosecutor, presenting a case in court that proves that what the experts are telling you is wrong, and that there's a, a different and better way, right? Whether I don't care what they're, they're, they're talking about, there's a different and better way for you.

And I'm gonna share that with you as well. First, I just want you to understand, right, that the experts are wrong and why they're wrong, and show you proof that they're wrong. So that right, then I can explain to you the right way to do it, show you proof of the right way to do it so that you understand the right way to do it. That's ultimately kind of what it is that we are doing here. Theme eight is arguably my favorite and it's my favorite for a, uh, a big reason, which I'll explain in just a second.

This is diagnostic to prescription VSL, and the high level hook is if you're struggling with X, it's likely because of this one hidden cause. And you see, the reason why this works is because you're shifting the conversation from talking about, or addressing or dealing with surface problems, and you're now talking about root causes. And in the process, what you do here is you position yourself as the only viable solution, right? And the reason why this is arguably my favorite today is because, and this, I'm gonna, I'm only gonna touch on this briefly, this is really the go-to VSL theme for highly saturated, highly competitive markets, right? What we call, what we refer to as stage a stage five market.

Stage five market in this context refers to the, um, stages of marketplace sophistication. Also originally, uh, um, popularized by Eugene Schwartz, right? And the stages of marketplace sophistication, there are, there are five different stages, right? In stage one of a market, right? You can simply make a promise.

And if the promise that you are making has never been made to, uh, to the marketplace before, then all you need to do in your marketing is to make the promise. Like, right? Like when the, I, I always, I always give this example when the very first fat burner, you guys know the, the, um, the pills that you can take to, um, to lose weight, to stimulate your metabolism. Well, when the very first fat burner, um, came out, all they needed to do at that time was just say, take this pill and you'll lose weight. That's all they needed to say, right?

Because the marketplace had never heard that promise before. And so that's the only thing that they needed in the, in the marketplace, uh, uh, in their marketing today. Now, just for a second, just right, uh, I want you to think about, imagine today, right? With all the fat burners, all the diet pills, all the different supplements out there for losing weight, weight loss, and, and our marketing was take this pill. And, um, somebody tell me in the chat, what do you think would happen to our supplement?

Uh, how well do you think our marketing would do if we came out with our own fat burner, our own weight loss supplement? And the marketing hook angle copy message was, take this pill and you'll lose weight. Somebody tell me in the chat what you think would happen exactly. Nada tank, nothing, right? Um, gots nothing would happen, right?

Why? Because the marketplace is way too sophisticated for that today. There was a time when that worked and worked really well, but that time is long gone because of what the marketplace has already heard and already been exposed to. You see? So once the marketplace has heard that promise, take this pill and you'll lose weight, and it could be right?

Pop this pill and shed pounds. That's all the same message. It's just different words to deliver the same idea. Well, the marketplace moves to, uh, to the second stage of marketplace awareness. And the second stage of marketplace awareness of, of, of, uh, market, excuse me, marketplace sophistication is when we see that promise is now being expanded, it's being enlarged.

It's take this pill and lose 17 pounds, take this pill and lose, right? Um, 20 pounds. Like, let me, right? When, remember when, for those of you that have been around any significant length of time, this may be showing my age, not that with all the gray that I have that I need to, not that I have any of you fooled. Um, but when, when, um, people started talking about how to get Facebook fans, right?

Like originally it was how to get Facebook fans, that that was it, it was just how to get Facebook fans or how to get followers on social media. That was it, right? Uh, in the beginning. And then it became, right, how to get Facebook fans to how to get a thousand Facebook fans, how to get 10,000 Facebook fans, how to get a hundred thousand Facebook fans, right? The number just kept growing, growing, and growing and growing, right?

And what happens is at stage two of marketplace sophistication, right? The claims either get so big that they're either right, they're no longer believable, um, or they're just not true anymore, right? How to, you know, it's kinda like, take this pill and lose a hundred pounds, right? Like, uh, you know, no one's believing that regardless of whether it's true or not, right? Nobody is believing that.

That's when you see this shift to the second stage of marketplace sophistication, which is when you see the introduction of a unique mechanism. And so now it becomes the promise plus a unique mechanism. Take this pill that contains Garnia Cambodia and prevents the absorption of fat from your intestinal tract and lose, you know, lose up to 10 pounds. So now you're introducing a unique mechanism, an unusual solution, right? A new and different way, um, that the product or service works to deliver the result that is stage three unique mechanism, primary promise or promise and unique mechanism.

But then what happens is, right, what happens when, like, there was a time years ago when Garnia Cambodia an actual supplement, right? First, um, hit the marketplace. And I have friends that made a fortune as affiliates, right? With that, right? Well, uh, because it was rare, it just hit the market.

It was a unique mechanism. Well, Gar, garnia, Cambodia, right? Lot of supplement companies ended up having their own garcinia Cambodia today, right? You can get it in Costco, you go to Amazon, you go to Google, go everywhere, right? And so that's no longer a unique mechanism.

That's when you see this evolution to stage four of marketplace sophistication. See, right now, if you said, take this pill, excuse me, that contains garnia Cambodia and lose weight, right? Like, it's too unsophisticated, if you will, or too immature for the marketplace, because the marketplace has already heard that promise with that mechanism. So now they're more sophisticated, they're at stage four of marketplace sophistication in this context. And so at stage four, that's when you see an expansion of the unique mechanism.

So the same promise, but now the mechanism expanded. Now it might be pharmaceutical grade, garnia, Cambodia, it might be right? Crystalline powder, garnia, Cambodia, it might be whatever, garnia Cambodia attached to a digestive enzyme, you know, special, uh, bonding or whatever, um, right? That, uh, that's in this pill. And that's the reason why you, you'll lose weight with this, right?

And so that's stage four. But then of course, what happens is sometimes right, you end up, uh, um, having markets that are extremely saturated, where, um, people are knocking off one another's unique mechanisms. They're all expanding on it, they're all saying the same thing. That's when you see this, um, this shift to stage five. Now, the really interesting thing is that at stage five, what Jean Schwartz recommends or recommended many, many years ago, and what we're seeing working today are two different things.

What Gene Schwartz talked about was that at stage five, he recommended talking about the prospect's experience, like sick and tired of dieting, exercising, and not losing weight, right? Um, here's an opportunity to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But what we found, um, is that diagnostic copy, uh, or diagnostic diagnostic to prescription VSL, this theme is actually the most effective at the stage five. In other words, in for the most sophisticated markets that are being pounded by lots of different marketing and sales messages that are filled with different promises, unique mechanisms, expanded mechanisms and whatnot, the diagnostic to prescription VSL theme is the most effective. And ultimately, what you are doing here is it, it, to really kind of boil this down, you're ultimately saying, um, that what you think is the problem, right?

That you're trying to solve is not really the problem. It is only a symptom of a deeper underlying problem. And until you solve that deeper underlying problem, you're gonna continue to experience these symptoms, meaning Mr. Or Mrs. Prospect, you're really only treating the symptom that you think is the underlying problem, but there is something underneath that symptom, what we call the root cause, that is the real issue of all your pain and discomfort.

And until you solve that root cause, you're gonna continue to suffer and everything else out there, right? Is not going to solve the root cause. It's only going to solve or address the symptom. And what I'm about to tell you about is the only thing that will, um, eliminate or solve that root cause, right? And so, when you do that right, in the process, right, you position yourself as the only viable solution because you're ultimately, what you're really doing is you're, you're showing them that their real problem cannot be addressed by any other solution out there except the one that you're gonna tell them about, which is gonna be your unique mechanism.

You're solution, right? Which they can only get from you, right? And so you become the only viable, um, solution. A great example of, of this, right? And this is, is used by some extremely sophisticated marketers, is the guys that I work with over at Performance Golf.

When they've got like the, the, the, the root swing, the root flaw is killing your swing is killing your golf swing. It's the root flaw. It's not what you think. It's not your grip. It's not your, your, your stance.

It's not the club that you're using, right? There is a root flaw in your swing. And until you identify your root, your root flaw, right? Your swing is going to continue to be inadequate. You're gonna continue to slice, you're gonna continue to hook, right?

You're gonna continue to, to shank the ball, right? You're, you're gonna continue to, to have weak distance, if you will, right? And so, and, and then they'll help you, right? They'll, here's how to identify your root flaw, and then here's the solution for your root flaw. It's, right?

So it's just like, right? It's, you'll see when I get to the examples later, um, of, of how this can be used in so many different, um, so many different instances. Theme nine, this is the myth busting VSL, and this is quite simple and straightforward. Let's bust the three biggest myths about fat loss that keep people stuck about business growth, about traffic that keep people stuck, right? And you see this all the time in the weight loss space.

So the fitness space, like v shreds, right? The three biggest lies about fat loss, right? And they'll, they're, they're ultimately going to take typ typically with this one, right? They're ultimately going to take, um, what it is that the marketplace believes to be correct or believes to be the right path. And they're going to eliminate it.

They're gonna show them that that's not true, right? That like, like the three biggest myths, like you need to reduce your carbs, you need to do a ton of cardio every day. Um, and you need to be on low calorie, right? Well, that's not, the beauty is, is that you can have carbs, you can have right? A nice amount of calories, and you don't need to do cardio every day.

And here is the proof of that. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, right? And I'll show you exactly how to do it with x, y, Z system, right? And so the reason why this one works is because, right, myths in general, the idea of miss by, by the sheer definition, right, they create built-in curiosity. And by you busting those myths, you automatically and immediately create authority.

And if you can prove, or when you prove through these, with these three myths, um, that your, that, that these are myths, right? You ultimately lead your audience to feel like they've been lied to, if you will, or that they've been misled. And so you gain their trust, right? By exposing the truth, right? You gain their trust, you establish authority positioning.

You certainly create, you know, uh, like I said, curiosity, but right, because they feel lied to. When you expose these myths, you gain massive trust in their eyes by being the one who exposed them to the, um, to the truth. And so that is theme nine. And then finally theme 10 is the visual proof walkthrough. VSL.

And this is just the, let me show you inside my account, live like my buddies Brian and Scott over at SamCart. They've got the VSL inside a hundred K funnel. Let's look inside, you know, um, a hundred K funnel. Fact is the, the reason why this works is because nothing, nothing when it comes to, let's say, you know, um, claims of performance, let's say, depending on what the performance is that we're talking about, right? Not nothing beats seeing the actual numbers, seeing the actual results, seeing the actual chart, seeing the actual, you know, um, sales.

This is the, the, the surefire way when you do this live, not when you do screenshots, but when you log in live to an account, like there's a great, um, there is a great, uh, financial, um, promo that is still running. It's actually running on, um, like XM Sirius, um, satellite radio. Um, and it's A BSL, is it, uh, Preston James, I think is his name. You can Google it if you want, where it is, like, um, it is a visual proof walkthrough. VSL, like, come, it's, uh, I think account proof.com.

It might be, um, and right, like, uh, I don't know if it's still, you know, if they're still running the same exact VSL, but they were advertising this account proof, right? Like, come check out this. I'm gonna show you inside my account, um, how this, my weekly paycheck method, um, is just crushing. And those guys are crushing it. They were crushing it with that.

They were running that almost every day. I heard that ad on, on XM for months and months and months. And so visual proof walkthrough, when you can use it, very, very, um, powerful. This is, uh, again, is, is used anytime you can show the numbers by logging into an account live, in other words, real time. And so there you, um, go.

And so now let's go on to section two, the formula and the structure for each theme. Plus we'll get into some, uh, mockup, um, examples for you to see. So now we're gonna go back, right? And you're gonna get all these slides. I'll make sure that tomorrow, um, I send out the slide deck when we send the recording to, uh, to everybody.

Um, you'll get the slides, uh, as well. So don't feel like you gotta write all this down, 'cause you're gonna get all this. Uh, and so, um, uh, what was I gonna say? Um, so the formula and structure for each theme. Let's look at this.

So let's go back to theme one, right? The personal revelation. VSLI used to believe X until I discovered y Well, the formula should be quite simple for you, but just in case you don't really see it, here it is. I used to believe this, then this happened. What I discovered changed everything, and now I'm helping others do the same.

That is the entire formula. Do not get caught up in the, like, the nitty gritty details of sentence to sentence. That's not what it is about what it is about. It's just like the hero's journey. It's more important for you to understand the Hero's Journey framework.

The story framework itself, because then you can plug in different elements into the story, into the Hero's journey framework. And even though you're plugging in different elements than what somebody else did, the framework itself still works, right? And so, I used to believe this. I used to think this, um, and then this happened, and after this, whatever this is, right, happened, you know, I discovered something and I discovered X and that discovery, right, led to element NOP, and it changed everything for me. And now I'm sharing that and how you can do the same thing in x, y, z product, right?

That's, you see that, that should be a very, very simple and straightforward, um, formula for you guys. But there it is. Theme two, the big discovery. VSL we stumbled on something we weren't supposed to find, right? Um, we stumbled on something unexpected.

It wasn't supposed to work, but it did. Here's the surprising reason why, and now we're making it available to others. Very, very simple, right? We stumbled like, now look, am I saying you, you can give backstory some big discovery VSLs give more of a backstory than others, right? Like, in other words, some will talk about like, um, let's call it, let's put a bullet before this.

We stumbled on something unexpected. Like I was on a quest to find, uh, you know, to uncover the, you know, the best way to increase the flexibility in my low back. I tried everything, uh, that I possibly could. And, you know, I decided, you know, one day, I, I, I threw in the towel and I just decided, you know, I was gonna go to the park with my dog and have an afternoon there. And while there I stumbled on something completely unexpected, right?

Um, I wasn't looking for it. I wa blah, blah, blah, right? You see how like some, some give that, um, give much more detail before o others give less, which is why I just went, I unpacked the formula starting from here. We stumbled on something unexpected wasn't supposed to work. It could be right.

We never thought it would work. We never expected it to work. We never anticipated it to work. And everybody told us it wouldn't work, right? But it did it, right?

It, it produced X, Y, Z, right? And here's what I later discovered, or I later found out after doing much research on the reason why. See, the reason why this works so well, right? Even though I didn't expect it to, is because of lm, NOP, right? And X, Y, Z.

And so what that means for you is that, right? If you're just like me, you too can use this too, right? Which is why I'm excited to tell you that I've made this, or I'm making this available to, um, to you today at blah, blah, blah discount, right? Very simple. Theme three, the weird trick or unusual solution.

Again, we said this one weird blank could change how you blank forever. Remember, weird trick, right? Don't, don't get caught up in the words. Unusual solution could also be the, um, unique mechanism element. Um, this one, strange, unique, uh, different blah blank is changing the game.

It's not what you think. Here's how it works, right? This is when we give the basic, uh, mechanism reveal, uh, why and why it's more. And, and then we explain why it's more effective than the other typical solutions out there. This is, right?

If you really want to boil down the, um, boil down a unique mechanism based message, an education based message around a unique mechanism, what you're ultimately doing is you're saying, Hey, there is a new and different way for you to get the result you want. Hence, right? There's this unique different way, right? That's changing the game for people like you, right? It's not at all like what it is that you've tried before.

It's not at all like the common solutions. It's not at all like, uh, um, what it is that you're probably aware, right? It's not what you think, right? It, the way that it works vastly different from everything else is it taps into both sides of your brain. It right, uses both logical and emotion.

And what makes it more effective than everything else is X, Y, and Z. And here's the proof and evidence for that, right? That's, that is ultimately the same thing that we are talking about here, right? And you can see this theme used over and over, right? There's what, there's a new way to do, there's a new way to run a new and unique method for creating Facebook ads.

And it's absolutely changing media buying for entrepreneurs and marketers. And it's nothing like what you've tried in the past. It's not at all like what you think. It, it, it may be, you see all the other methods do LNOP. Well, this doesn't do that at all, or require that.

Instead, the way this works is right, X, y, and Z and you know what the reason why, right? Uh, um, this is so much more effective than everything else is because da, da, da, da, right? And here is proof of that. And that's why I'm super excited today to give you the opportunity to get it. That's ultimately right.

It's the same formula, the same theme used over and over and over. The broken system. VSL. Everything you've told about X is wrong. Every, everyone's doing doing it this way, but it's broken.

The results prove that it's failing. Here's why The old system doesn't work, the broken system, if you will, right? And this is the new and better path, or new and better system. Simple formula, right? I know that you have all, you all, if you, you're, you're any level of a student of marketing, you've seen this one out the, out the wazoo.

Everyone's doing it this way, right? That's the, like, I'm not saying that you have to say everyone is doing it. You might say the majority of marketers are most marketer, most gardeners, right? Most weightlifters do are, are, are, are, uh, are doing it this way. Most retirees or most people looking to retire, you know, are using a 401k.

But here's the reality. The four, 401k is broken. In fact, I'll go as far as to say it is a scam, and the results prove that it's failing. Take a look at this right? Stat, stat.

You see, here's y the 401k is failing, is not working because of X, Y, and Z. And here's proof element, ONOP. Well, the good thing is right there is a new and better path. There's a new and better way for you as somebody who's interested in retiring, right? Than a 401k it's called, right?

The 5 0 1 J or whatever, right? And so there you go. That simple formula that you can use for, right? Everyone's weight training this way, everyone's dieting this way. You know, everyone is, um, trying to repair their nervous system.

This way. It, it doesn't matter. You can use this formula over and over and over. Theme five, case study, spotlight, VSL. Let me show you how a client went from this negative to this beautiful outcome in x time.

Meet avatar, meet Jill, meet Bob, meet Steve before this was his life. He was struggling. He was this, that right after, right, discovered elemental P, right? Or after, now today, his life. Wonderful, beautiful, amazing, right?

And here's, here's how we did it using x, y, z product using x, y, Z solution. And you can do it too. That's it. Simple theme six, transformation timeline. This, again, is about you, how you did it.

My situation was painful. I tried everything. Then I found this method, this process, this system, this solution, this product, or then I developed this, or then I stumbled on this, then I created this, right? Um, and here's step by step how I changed, and you can too. And here's where to start.

Here's how to get going, here's how to get rolling, introduce, boom product. And so my situation was painful. I tried everything. Then I found this step by step how I changed. You can too.

Here's where to start. Simple transformation, timeline. VSL, the contrarian teacher. V, SL. What if I told you the experts are wrong?

And here's the proof. Everyone teaches X, but here's why that's wrong. This new model and this new model works better. Here's how to implement it. Again, super simple, right?

Super simple gang, but still working like gangbusters, right? Still working like gangbusters. Now, this new model works better. It might be this new approach. It might be, uh, this new method.

It might be this unique approach, this unique system, this unique formula, this weird formula, this weird system. But what we're ultimately doing, that's, that's almost irrelevant in this context. What is relevant is that what you're teaching is contrary to what they're hearing from the majority, which is why it's so attention grabbing, right? And so it's, whether it's this new model or this weird hack, or this weird trick, or this new system, or this, the, this unique formula or this, um, secret formula, right? Whatever it may be.

Um, it that's almost insignificant. You see it, you see a variety used in the contrarian teacher, um, VSL. But what is part of the model, obviously by definition is the, um, is that it's, you're going contrary to what, uh, the majority of experts in a given marketplace, niche or arena are, uh, are teaching, sharing, or advising, if you will. The diagnostic to prescription, um, is you're struggling with this, with whatever the symptom is, but the real cause is this hidden issue, right? Here's proof that that is the real hidden issue, and here's the solution that fixes it.

That's ultimately right, what I said earlier. So what are we doing again? We are basically showing them that, that they think they have a problem, right? But what they think is the problem is really just a symptom of a deeper underlying problem. And right?

And so we wanna show them, it's almost like this, the reason why it's diagnostic to prescription is because we're ultimately think about it. Think of, think of it like you are a doctor, and you are giving your prospect a more accurate diagnosis of what is really going on. They're coming in, right? And they're saying to you like, look, you know, doc, I've got wrist pain and right? I'm, I'm using, you know, I used a, you know, like, um, a wrap, I've had it in a soft cast.

You know, I'm taking, you know, um, pain killers and, and anti-inflammatories, you know, and I even went to physical therapy for my wrist and nothing, you know, it's still in pain. And the doctor, right, goes, puts 'em through some tests or whatnot and says, right? Like, well, that's because the problem isn't your wrist. The problem is there's a pinched nerve in your shoulder, and that's radiating down your arm into your wrist, and it's causing you to feel pain in your wrist. And so you can continue to treat the wrist all you want, but until you fix and alleviate the pinched nerve in your shoulder, you're gonna continue to experience, um, the, um, the wrist pain, right?

Well, in that example, not a perfect example, but in that example, right? We've shown them that the problem that you think you have is not really the problem, it's the wrist pain. It's just a symptom. The your wrist pain is just a symptom of a deeper problem, which is a pinched nerve in your shoulder. And only when you fix and solve the pinched nerve in your shoulder, will you stop having, um, wrist pain.

Now, the difference between what we're doing here, right? So you see, just by the way, that, right, when I say that's why diagnostic, right? We're diagnosing their real problem for them, teaching them what the real issue is, and then we're making a prescription to solve what the real problem is, right? The deeper problem that we just showed them they have, that needs to be fixed to solve and alleviate the symptom. The thing here is that, um, is that in an ideal world, without getting too deep into the weeds, getting too advanced, the ideal, ideally the way to do this is the diagnosis.

You are the only one that can solve it, right? In other words, the issue, the real underlying issue, the real hidden cause if you will, the real root cause if, if, if you will, is something that only you can solve. Let me give you a quick example of that. So lemme just take another drink. It's kind of funny because I've, I've said this before.

So I'm 53 now, so I've been doing this for many, many decades. And so, you know, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, 20 years ago especially, I could go hours, uh, talking, uh, on trainings and not feel any strain in my voice in my throat. And today, man, uh, you know, uh, I certainly can't do those five hour marathon, uh, boot camps, uh, anymore without rest and, and massive prep. But, um, another example of this, a great example of this is my buddy Rich Sherin, who many, many years ago came out with a PDF, which you can Google this, and you probably, if you've never read it, you really should. Um, just from a marketer's perspective, he came out with the internet Business manifesto.

And so you could go to Google and just look up, you know, rich Sherin, um, internet Business Manifesto, um, PDF, and download it and read it. And what you'll find in there is that rich, really, you know, rich at the time, this is many, many years ago, he, um, he show, I think maybe, wow, is it 15 years ago, 18 years ago at this point, it's a long time ago that he came out with that PDF. Um, he, right? People were overwhelmed, marketers were overwhelmed. The entrepreneurs were overwhelmed with all the different things that they needed to do at the time, right?

They were just overwhelmed with, you know, blogging and, you know, social media now, and just all this stuff. And they thought, right, they had to do everything. And they were wondering, how do I get it all done? And Rich came along, and he ultimately said to them, you know, your problem isn't, um, a lack of efficiency or not understanding, you know, not having systems to get everything done. Your problem is that you are functioning as an opportunity seeker instead of a strategic entrepreneur.

And he introduced the idea of what it meant to be an opportunity seeker and all the negatives that came with it. And he introduced the idea of what it, what it meant to be a strategic entrepreneur and all the fruit and benefits that came with it. And he ultimately led people, he convinced people that, that, that that was their real problem, um, right? That them being overwhelmed was only a symptom of the fact that they were not operating like a strategic entrepreneur. And only when they operate like a strategic entrepreneur will, they no longer feel, feel overwhelmed.

And at the time, right? He, he then offered to, uh, uh, his training program, which ultimately was on how to become a strategic entrepreneur. And at the time, he was the only one teaching, like strategic how to be a strategic entrepreneur. So he ultimately diagnosed the entire marketplace that was engaged with his launch, um, at the time, as with this real underlying problem of being an opportunity seeker instead of being a strategic entrepreneur. And then he was the only one that offered a solution for how to become a strategic entrepreneur.

And that's why I believe back then, call it 15 years ago, I believe, um, I don't remember, what was it, $12 million of coaching in the first eight months. So he, he launched a coaching program for the very first time and did $12 million in eight months off of the back of that one, call it 36 ish page PDF. Um, and so this was, you know, uh, before VSLs were really a, um, a thing. But it's the same formula, right? It's the same formula at play today, and it's wildly effective and saturated in competitive spaces.

Theme nine, the myth busting VSL let's bust the three biggest, um, myths, uh, about acts that keep people stuck, right? You've been told this, right? But here's the truth, right? Myth one, myth two, myth three, and here's what works instead. That's, it's the simple, simple, um, formula.

Theme 10, the visual proof walkthrough, VSL. This one should, uh, be even more straightforward for you guys. Let me show you inside my platform, inside my account, let write my, my results, walk a, a live walkthrough of dashboard or income or results, numbers, explain what led to those numbers, and then invite them to learn how to do it too. Really, really simple and straightforward. Next, let's go.

And now let's look at some mock copy or examples, if you will, for each of the themes based on the, you know, the formula, if you will, right? And so the personal revelation, right? I, I used to believe X until I discovered YI thought being a good marketer meant mastering tactics until I realized strategy was what separated million dollar campaigns from mediocre ones. That realization led to the creation of the E five method, and since then, it's helped generate hundreds of millions in sales for clients and students. It's personal revelation.

I thought success meant working 12 hours a day until one, until one moment in a hospital room changed everything, right? Like for years I thought investing was only for the rich. Then I saw what my janitor uncle was doing, and it flipped my whole belief system, big discovery, VSL, right? We discovered a 60-year-old study buried in a government archive, and it changed everything we thought we knew about blood sugar. How many times have you seen that, like that format, right?

That even this, right? While researching World War II ration protocols, we uncovered a military formula for rapid weight loss. Now it's in a supplement available to the general public. We discovered an obscure fungus in the mountains of Peru that balances cortisol, and no one in the west was talking about it. So we spent all of our money in our 401k and blah, blah, blah, and brought it over and turned it into a supplement.

And you have no idea the impact that this ha has had on anxiety and stress for da, da, da, da, right? Simple theme three, the weird trick unusual solution, right? A strange breathing pattern. I mentioned this earlier, used or a different variation of this used by ancient warrior, uh, warriors, is helping modern men reverse anxiety in three minutes. You see this how this is so formulaic, which is what makes it right, because again, it's the framework underneath that.

You have to understand that, right? These are proven frameworks that, uh, uh, proven in the marketplace by heavy hitters, right? That there's power in the framework. So you could take out strange breathing pattern used by take out ancient warriors, or just put a line under that is helping put a line under modern men, right? Uh, um, right then, uh, put a line under reverse anxiety in three minutes.

And all those things can be swapped out, right? Like, maybe, maybe it's not a strange breathing pattern. Maybe it's a, a weird, you know, a weird, um, ankle stretch used by, you know, elderly golf pros, right? Is helping, right? Teenage, you know, um, athletes to, uh, whatever.

You get the point. This one strange mineral band in Europe is now being used by US Navy seals to recover, uh, in half the time, right? A weird trick. Unusual su one strange mineral, right? Just adding detail, more intrigue, more drama banned in Europe is now being used by US Navy seals to recover in half the time.

Lot of curiosity, lot of intrigue here, right? All I did was flip my pillow under my legs in this weird way, and I finally slept through the night for the first time in years, right? The thing that makes this little example just right, like, 'cause I originally didn't have this in here. The, the, the, the thing that makes this, uh, this little example copy here in this last bullet is in this weird way, if all we said was all I did was flip my pillow under my legs, and I finally slept through the night for the first time in years, right? We could leave prospects to potentially believe that all I gotta do is just put my, uh, flip my pillow under my legs.

But what really creates the intrigue is in this weird way, right? In this weird way. Um, I, you know, uh, I flip my pillow under my leg in this weird way. Now it creates this curiosity and intrigue around, well, what's the weird way? Cool.

We get the benefit of flip my pillow under my legs conveying simplicity, ease, speed, right? But now I'm curious. I need to know more. Excuse me. I need to understand more because of this phrase in this weird way.

And then of course, right? We got the, um, the payoff right there. Theme four, the broken system. Um, VSL, right? Go, let's go back to this bad boy, right?

If you've been saving in a 401k, the truth is you've been tricked. Wall Street makes billions on fees while your retirement barely outpaces inflation. There's a smarter, s safer way, excuse me, to grow your money. And it starts with this strategy used by insiders. That's broken system.

The budgeting advice you've heard from gurus is dead wrong, and it's keeping you broke. That's, again, that's broken system. You could also say, you know, um, this could be, um, contrarian, um, teacher, uh, this could carry over to, uh, that one, that bullet could carry over to contrarian teacher, just to not confuse you. Um, and then we've got counting calories doesn't work, and the $72 billion diet industry is banking on you never realizing why. Again, what are we saying?

We're saying that, right? That that method is, is broken, right? Like that, that approach is broken. That, that way that, you know, the food pyramid is broken, the, you know, the saving money, right? Um, for retirement, that method, that approach is broken.

And here's why. Certainly if you can make it more dramatic, like with a, you're being scammed, you're being lied to, right? You make it much more visceral and emotional, right? It becomes much more of a gut punch, um, for the market. If you can bring in a common enemy, right?

Like, you know, um, you know, that is, you know, is that knows the system is broken and doesn't care. Like you see in this first bullet where Wall Street, they don't care. They love it. You've been tricked by Wall Street, right? Like that, that first one you can see is much more visceral, much more emotional, right?

Because it's bringing in that additional emotion of, of, um, of being on the receiving end of deceit, if you will. Theme five, the case study spotlight. Simple, straightforward. We don't need to spend much time on this. Sarah was a 44-year-old mom who'd never run a business, but in just seven weeks, she launched an online coaching program that now brings in six KA month, all because she used this unique coaching framework.

Here's how Janice, a 51-year-old nurse made $8,300 in 30 days flipping paper real estate contracts with zero capital, right? Watch how this pastor built a $12,000 a month online course using nothing but free YouTube videos and a Google Doc, right? That's case study spotlight. The key here is that there is a real, um, this is a real case study. This isn't, uh, this isn't, you know, a hypothetical, right?

This is an individual that you are, um, spotlighting, if you will, theme six, um, the transformation timeline, right? Just 18 months ago, I was behind on my rent. Today I own six cash flowing rentals and generate 15 KA month passively. I didn't win the lottery. I followed a very specific timeline.

Timeline. Let me show it to you. I followed a very specific method and timeline. I followed a very specific set of six steps. Let me show them to you so you could do the same boom.

In six months. I went from a panic attack every morning to running a peaceful, profitable online business. Here's the timeline, how I went from 38 K in debt to 12 KA month in passive income in 14 months. All of these, right? These three, these are just simple, straightforward transformation, um, timeline, you know, VSL like hooks, examples, theme seven.

The, the contrarian teacher, right? Most marketing gurus teach using scarcity based funnels, but here's the dirty secret. They convert worse damage, trust and burn audiences. The top marketers now use long game logic and EBM, and I'll show you how it works, contrarian teacher, why I stopped using deadline timers and made more money, right? It's contrarian to what people are are saying, right?

And so it's contrary. Now, the other thing with, with contrary, right, is you could make the argument that, that it's also, it's just contrary to what they are saying. Not necessarily saying they are wrong, but just saying that you're contrary perspective is better, is more effective, and then offering reasons why, right? So, um, so like over here, most marketing gurus teach using scarcity based funnels, right? But here's the dirty secret.

Those funnels, they convert worse. They damage trust, right? And they burn audiences. That's why the top marketers today are now using long game logic and EBM instead. And I wanna show you how that works and how you can do it too, right?

It's just, it's contrary to what it is that others are teaching here. Everyone says Facebook ads are dying. Here's why they're wrong. This one, right? This example explicitly, right?

They're wrong. And how we doubled ROAS last month using this one shift, right? It's again, contrary to what others are, um, teaching Here is the diagnostic to prescription. Um, VSL, right? So if your golf game is stuck, it's likely due to one of three root swing flaws.

Most instruction ignores this. Let me help you diagnose yours in this case, your root swing flaws, and show you a fix that finally gets you real progress. That's one way right, of, of articulating that. Here's another, another way similar, right? If you're struggling to close clients, it's likely because one of three hidden sales blockages.

Let's find out which one for you so we can eliminate it. That's right. These two are one type of diagnostic to, to a prescription. Um, VSL, right? Or a stage five VSL, if you will.

Here's another example, right? If you're struggling with declining testosterone, taking TRT will not work until you fix the one real underlying cause of your low T do this. And you may never even need TRT, right? Testosterone replacement therapy, right? And so that is ultimately, um, showing them, you know, showing them that there is a real underlying, uh, cause if you will, that there's something different that they're, that they're talking about, thinking about the symptom, and that there's really a cause underneath the symptom that needs to be, um, fixed.

Theme nine, the myth busting, um, VSL, right? You've been told to eat less and move more, but the data says otherwise. Here are three weight loss myths that are sabotaging your progress and what to do instead, right? You see, like, you see how simple these are. Myth one, you need to post on social media every day to grow a business.

False. Here's what's actually working. Boom, right? And this, right? And of course, what do I, what would I introduce here?

My methodology, right? Or step one of my, my process, my system, my framework, my formula, right? Three fitness lies that are keeping you fat, tired, and frustrated, and the real science behind how to fix it. That's like a typical, almost right out of v shred, uh, um, right? And you could apply that to anything, right?

Uh, again, take out, right three, underlying three. It could be two, it could be four, right? It could be one underlying fitness. Could be wellness, could be health, could be finance, could be right? Like it doesn't matter, right?

Uh, um, like they're, they're formulaic. They're ultimately plug and play. And so hopefully you see that, the visual proof walkthrough. I mean, this one is super straight. Let me pull up my Stripe account.

You'll see $187,000 this month. Just, you know, three automated email campaigns. Here's exactly how we set that up. Here's my Stripe dashboard. 174,000 in the last 30 days, all from one $47 product.

Lemme show you how inside the Shopify store, right? 96,000, uh, in sales in June. Here's the ad, the landing page, the one trick that scaled it, boom. Like you're walking them through right now. Look in this next section, uh, and I know, just bear with me, we're gonna go a little bit, you know, we're gonna go a little bit longer because I've got a couple more.

I've got this section. I wanna show you the three bonus ones, and then I want to answer whatever questions it is that you have. So just hang with me a little bit, a little bit longer on this. I wanna give a little, you know, I, I wasn't sure if I was going to include this in here because, um, let me just show you this, right? And we're not gonna get too far into this because, you know, this is, I don't want you to, I don't want you to, let me see how, how can I say this?

I don't want you to be too strict with this, because there is an argument that can be made where, you know, let's say the big discovery, you know, um, like cold to warm, like that really could be, you know, cold to hot. Um, you could say the case study spotlight, you know, it could be, you know, cold. Um, you could, there are instances where you, where you could, um, same thing with where it shines. So I put an asterisk there because, you know, this is not to say, this is what I, what I wrote under the, where it shines column is where these things are really doing extraordinarily well. What this doesn't mean is that these are the only places or the only instances that you can use these themes effectively.

So where it shines not where it works, right? I, I should really say where it's shining, where you see these formulas, uh, excuse me, these themes being used and used really well and used often are in what it is that I said, um, in that, in that column. But by no means, does that mean that those are the only places. So like, you know, while the transformation timeline is great for a, you know, a personal brand, right? It's also, it, it can also be used for, let's say, consultants.

Um, it could be used for a, a thought leader. It's certainly could be used in, you know, health, fitness, even, you know, in investing, it can even be used in right, e-commerce depending on the relationship that the founder has with the tribe, right? Where, you know, like there's, you know, like there's one supplement that I see, um, that I take actually where it is like a CBD, it's like a hemp organic hemp product. And the founder, uh, shares their story and right, their story and their struggles with anxiety was what led to the creation of the product, right? And he shares his own personal transformation timeline, um, you know, uh, going from panic attacks and anxiety and, and whatnot to being free of that and living his best life and, right?

And so that's not a personal brand, that's an e-commerce, right? And so depending on the right, but he is really the, the public face of the, it's not really an e-commerce brand, it's really a personal e-commerce brand, is the way that I would put that. And I would also say that, right? Um, that he uses that with cold traffic as well as warm and hot traffic. But you can see here, and we don't need to go through this, um, you can see here, um, you can use this chart later on.

The thing that I do just wanna point out, I wanna point out the S five under diagnostic to prescription is any stage five marketplace, right? And so, any, any marketplace that is in stage five of sophistication based on what it is that I shared with you guys earlier, um, this is, um, wildly appropriate for, this is not al always easy to do, um, this diagnostic to prescription, because it requires you having it, it, it really ultimately requires you being able to prove that what the prospect thinks is their problem is really just a symptom of a deeper underlying problem. And if you can't prove that, and it's not true, then you can't use the diagnostic to prescription, uh, VSL theme. But those are the top 10 themes. Let's go through the bonus VSL, um, themes, um, quickly, and then I'll take whatever questions, um, you guys and gals may have.

So, the first bonus theme, and again, these, the reason why these are bonus themes is because these are still being used, uh, by some big players. They're just not as popular, um, as the, the core 10. So there is the problem amplification, VSL, and just to give you the high level hook, um, for this, it's basically you've been tolerating a problem that's actually far more dangerous than you realize. And so this is where you are amplifying the problem. And so this is really like, you know, this is ultimately me.

This is ultimately about you showing them that yes, you have a problem and you've been kind of putting up with the problem, dealing with the problem, tolerating the problem. But it's important that you understand that if the problem doesn't, if the problem goes unresolved, it can lead to much more severe, um, consequences. And so why this works is because it makes inaction for the prospect feel extremely risky, right? It makes it feel dangerous, it makes it feel, um, unwise in action, in other words, right? Because you're showing them the risk that is inherent because you're, you're proving to them that, right, if it goes unresolved, it can lead to far more dangerous, uh, dangerous situation, um, if you will.

Um, and so, uh, and so there you go, right? And it also, obviously, it, you know, primes buyers for faster action, faster response. This problem amplification VSL, because, um, because it's showing, it, it, it's welling up fear and fear of risk, right? Of impending danger, if you will. It's kind of like, look, you know, like the truth is that there are a lot of people that have, let's say, out of control, blood sugar, and, um, and they don't take it that seriously, but they also don't realize that out of control, blood sugar can lead to limb, amputation can lead to kidney disease, can lead to blindness.

You know, they don't realize the consequences of it going untreated. And so, right, when you take people that are aware of a problem and then you amplify that problem by showing them the consequences of it not being resolved, right? You tend to prime them for, for faster action. There is the greased shoot education. VSL.

This is something that I use, uh, you know, I use quite often. Uh, my buddy Rich Sherin uses this quite often. Um, I would say that, uh, Jason Flatland, great webinar marketer, great marketer uses this often. This is very simple and straightforward. I sometimes, I think Frank Kern uses this, um, method.

Uh, let me teach you something cool, and by the end, you'll want what I'm offering, right? Like, I'm gonna teach you something amazing, like I'm gonna, right, I'm gonna blow you away kind of thing. And then in the end, you'll want what I'm offering. And ultimately, what this does is, and the reason why it works is because it creates earned attention. In other words, right?

It creates earned attention through value, and it builds trust and then positions the offer as, uh, as primary, in other words, as as superior if, if you will, because of what it is that we taught throughout the, um, throughout the, um, VSLI actually held a training class, a bootcamp, uh, an all day bootcamp, all about stage five and all about the stage five, stage five copy, and stage five VSL. Well, in that VSLI used a greased shoot education, VSL, because I educated about stage five, I educated about the other four stages. I educated about what happens when you're in a market that's at a stage five and you're still using a stage three or stage four marketing message, right? And so I gave that education, and then in the end, right, I gave them the opportunity to, um, get the, um, the, the bootcamp. And it was really then at that point, positioned as the only way, you know, the only way forward.

And then finally there is the silent enemy expose VSL. And this is just right, there's an invisible force sabotaging your success, and no one's talking about it. This is, you know, a little bit like the, the broken system, a little bit like the contrarian teacher, you know, if you will. But this is kind of like the, you know, it, it is making them aware that there is an unseen force, there's an unseen entity, there's an unseen dynamic, there's, uh, you know, some compelling enemy, you know, um, if you want, that's really the cause of your struggles, and no one's talking about it. And I'm gonna make you aware of it, and then I'm gonna show you how to overcome it or get rid of it or bypass it.

And so what it does is, right, obviously it establishes that, you know, enemy, but it also creates urgency and then positions the offer, your offer your solution as a necessity. Meaning it's a necessity because it, it's positioned as the only way to stop that invisible force from sabotaging your success, right? Like, in other words, right? There's an, there's an invisible force sabotaging your success, success. Sometimes that could be right?

Like, you know, um, you know, like sometimes you've seen, I've seen in financial, you know, like, um, you know, inflation, is that silent, excuse me? Is that invisible force sabotaging your financial wellbeing? Why? Because it's eroding your right. And, you know, and the, the common approaches to saving or investing, uh, are, are ineffective.

And there's only one way to beat that invisible, you know, inflation force sabotaging your success and it's X, y, z, right? Poor example, or, or poor attempted an example for you. But you get the, um, you get the point. And so, right, this one is, there's some invisible force, hidden entity, uh, thing that is, that is responsible for why you're not successful, that is holding you back, that is creating friction, that's slowing you down, right? And no one's talking about it.

And I'm gonna share it with you today, right? And again, understand by you being the one that, um, that teaches them or that exposes that to them, you become the established authority, right? You earn trust, right? Um, and you establish authority and credibility because you're somebody that is, is bringing an insight to them that nobody else did, right? And you are willing to step up and tell the truth, right?

Which ultimately leads to the, um, the offer. And so there you go. That is bonus theme number three. Now, I know I breezed through this stuff. I tried to get it done in 90 minutes for you guys.

I'm 15 minutes, um, over, but there you go. Um, and so, right, you guys are gonna get access to the slides. You guys are gonna get access to the replay, um, tomorrow. So you'll be able to go through this. Um, again, and I do recommend that you go through this, um, again, for sure.

Um, so that you make sure that you don't miss anything. I wanna take questions. Oh, before I forget, almost right, Paul wanted me to tell you guys, um, about, and I'm just gonna keep this to 30 seconds, right? The E five Alliance. And so, right, the E five Alliance is your opportunity to get, uh, ongoing coaching direction, um, copy, feedback, messaging, um, help for any campaign, big idea development, unique mechanism development every week from the top E five coach Paul Mosetta.

He is the guy that, you know, that is, he knows the E five method, uh, uh, just as well as, as I do, just as well as Michael Drummond does. He is our top coach. You'll get him every single week, um, for you. And then once a month, I jump on with this group. Um, and I believe that, um, Paul is capping this at, I think, what is it only, there are only 18 spots available, just 'cause he wants to keep it real small.

And so you can get the details by going to this page. And so he just wanted me to remind you of that Pages dot Todd brown.me/e five Alliance. There you go. And you can read all about it, Paul, as a message there, um, for you. That being said, let's go and let me take, uh, let me see if there are any questions.

And so, so, okay, so here's one question from, um, Anand, hopefully I'm saying that right? If not, I'm so sorry. Can you see the diagnostic to prescription being applied in cold to warm to hot? Like what Rich did, he turned cold prospects who never heard of him before to his strategic entrepreneur coaching program, and then to his more pricey, um, personal coaching, uh, especially now in stage five markets that are saturated with so many competitors. The answer is absolutely hands down, positively, po positively, yes, for sure.

That really can be used. Uh, and we're seeing it used, um, across the board, um, from cold, um, all the way through hot. I would say it's, it really, really is one of the most effective ways on the front end to acquire buyers in saturated space, in a saturated space filled with competitors. Um, uh, uh, you know, um, it's, it's just one of the most effective ways right now. And so, great question.

Uh, second question. If Rich s would, if Rich Sheron would like to offer his internet business, internet marketing manifesto in 2025, as a new expert and not as a guru of gurus, how would you advise him to establish, um, authority? Wow. So if Rich were to, so number one, I don't think that, you know, look, I I don't think that I, I think it's a vastly, it's a vastly different world today than, you know, marketing world, the, the environment, the internet marketing arena, or marketing in general than it was, you know, 15, 18 years ago, whatever, whatever it's been. Um, the, you know, what, you know, so you know what it really, if I was, let me see if I was starting out, not as a guru of gurus, right?

And really understand that he became the guru of gurus after he launched the internet business manifesto. So, you know, he wasn't considered, so what he did to really give you the background is he ran a very small, intimate coaching program, um, uh, for a handful of, um, of marketers. Uh, and he got testimonials from great testimonials. Like he worked his butt off with these 11 or 12, I forget what it was, I wasn't in that group, um, marketers. And he got them great results.

And then he used those results in his internet business manifesto, um, PDF, um, and started to refer to himself as the guru to the gurus because of who was in his initial group. And then I was in the second group, which is how Rich and I got connected and then became, um, became friends. I think that, uh, how would I, I think it's, it's an interesting question because I mean, the question really goes beyond the scope. A little bit of this, of this topic, which is the 10 VSL themes. You're really asking the question of how would I establish, um, authority?

And there's a number of different ways that I would establish authority, or that you could establish authority today depending on the model that you want to use. So there's no one right answer number one, right? You certainly could establish authority with a YouTube channel where you're publishing great content, and all you're doing is just putting out great content, um, driving traffic to your content, right? That if you're a good presenter, if you've got great content, great ideas, if you're really bringing thought leadership to the table, right? That's one way that you can, uh, that you can, um, establish authority.

I mean, if you really think about it, um, Alex, uh, Hormoze just did you know, a crazy monstrous book launch, 3 million plus copies, you know, of his book sold. Um, and that was really the result of, of building up so much goodwill with so many people through so much content being distributed on a daily, weekly, monthly basis through social, and then kind of cashing in on that authority that was established, um, through that, right? And so what did, what did he do? He really published one book, you know, many moons ago, uh, a hundred million dollars offers or whatever it is. And then he parlayed that to get people to start to pay attention on social that grew.

And then he used that, he came back, um, and leveraged and leveraged that. So that's certainly one way. Another way is to do a version of what Rich did, where you run, um, a pilot program, a beta program, if you will, um, and, uh, maybe you do that for, uh, for free, um, let's just say, um, you know, or minimal cost. And then you use those results to right, as credibility, right? Like, so like if I was a, again, specific to this, if I was a marketing, if I was a marketing wizard and I wanted credibility and authority positioning, um, but I didn't have any following yet, right?

What I would do is I would go, I would approach people that are well known and I would tell them, right, don't pay me anything and I'm gonna get you marketing, I'm gonna get you results. I'm gonna drive revenue, I'm gonna make you more money. I'm gonna in optimize piece of your campaign, whatever I would, I would wanna do, right? Um, and all I ask is just that I can use this proof and results in my marketing going forward. It's not gonna cost you anything.

It's not gonna take time away from you or anything, right? And I would take that, and then I would use those that as proof evidence to, um, to, uh, to back up my positioning. You know, one of the things that I did early on, now granted, I already had some credibility, authority positioning, but probably, I don't know, 10 years ago, something like that. Um, I invited some of the top about, you know, I don't know, two dozen, two and a half dozen of the top marketers, uh, into, um, a into a, to a private training, um, also in Orlando, uh, where I taught the E five method for, um, for two days. I taught them the E five method.

I hadn't yet made the E five method public yet. I wanted to teach it to the top marketers. So I sent them like a, each a box engraved with the E five logo, a special invitation in there, and I did it all free. I paid for the conference room in the, in the hotel, the Gaylord Palms fed them, the whole nine, had a video crew there, filmed the whole thing, and then, and I blew 'em away, right? And I knew I was gonna blow 'em away with the content.

And then what I did was I got, um, those that wanted to share their feelings and their takeaways shared it. So now I had top marketer, after top marketer, after top marketer on camera saying, blown away to odd D five method is incredible, you know, the most amazing thing writes in sliced bread. So now I had pictures and videos of me teaching, you know, two and a half dozen of the best marketers on the planet, the E five method, and I've got many of them, the majority of them on camera, right? Praising the E five method. I then use that to launch the E five method to the public and, um, and boom.

And so, um, there you go. And so hope that answers, um, that question, um, for you. Uh, always. I'm glad to be in E five line then five minutes ago. 'cause awesome, love hearing that man.

Um, love hearing that you are in for a, um, a treat. And so, oh, the, the other reason why that reminds me, thank you so much for sharing that. So, um, I believe, and Anand, you can testify to this, I believe what Paul said is that the reason why he wanted me to share this is because all of the also included with this is not only, you know, the weekly calls the once a month with me, um, but is all of the future trainings like this that we do are included for, um, E five Alliance members. So there's no cost for the E five Alliance folks to attend, uh, these, um, these trainings. Uh, I forgot to mention that.

So there you go. Uh, so Kenneth asked, um, do VSL pages typically have texts below them or just the headline and video played? So, great question. So there is no one right answer to this. So for the longest time, um, the majority of VSLs, they were what, what are referred to as closed VSLs, meaning that when you hit the, when you hit the page, typically there was, um, maybe just a headline on the page and then the VSL and nothing else.

The, the rest of the page was closed. And then what you would often see is you would see when the video reached a certain point, um, in the message when the offer was being presented, you would see the button below the video would, um, would then pop up or would appear. Sometimes you saw some additional information below the, the, um, video. Sometimes you would even see below the video what would appear would be a step one of a two step, um, checkout process. Um, well, right, that was kind of the standard for the, the, the, the longest time.

And then what people started to do was test a hybrid page where it is, you know, there's long form copy below the vsl, so VSL and long form copy all on one page. Then at one point we were testing, you know, VSL closed, VSL, where at a certain point in time, right, the rest of the page appeared, um, not just a button, but the rest of the, um, the page. And now we're testing and finding great results with an open VSL, which is where they hit the page and everything is already displayed on the page, whatever piece of, um, whatever piece of copy. So the right answer for you, Kenneth, is there is no one right way it should be tested in your marketplace. Uh, I would say that the standard, the go-to that we tend to find the best results with is the closed VSL, where there's nothing but a headline and a VSL on the page.

And then when the offer is presented and add to cart button appears, and that's it with no additional copy below the VSL. And when somebody clicks the add to cart button, it then goes to an order form, or it goes to a two-step, um, checkout. I like the two-step checkout where they click the, you know, the add to cart button and step one, a popup box appears on there. Reason why I like that is because it's another way for us to capture and follow up with, um, order form abandons, so the people that fill out step one and then get to the order form and abandon, which often in many funnels, the order form has a substantial abandonment rate, meaning, you know, that six outta 10 people could abandon, you know, in some cases the order form can hit the, can go through the VSL, get to the part where the offer is presented, add to cart button appears, boom, they hit it, and they go over to the, um, to the order form, and then six outta 10 abandon. Well, if you're using a step one, now, you have an additional way to follow up with them.

And in fact, in some cases you have multiple, like you can follow up with email, you can follow up with, um, SMS if you collected their, you know, if you have their, if you have their, um, number. Um, and so there are things that you can do. And so, but that's typically the way that, uh, that's what we find to be the most effective, usually not always. So with like, uh, you know, some, you know, my clients, right? The open VSL where when you hit the page, the order, the, the fact, the the details about what you get and the price are, are, are on there that is working, right?

That used to be like, no, we don't want that at all. And now we're seeing man, that the open VSLs are, are rivaling and sometimes beating the results that closed VSL pages are, um, are getting also it. Look, it looks like that's the last question, but I just wanna say one other thing. Um, and that is this. So I'm a huge fan.

I, I like, look, you know, there are a lot of different, I'm gonna leave you guys and gals with this. There are a lot of different marketing models out there, right? There are, you know, from challenges to webinars to, you know, um, launches to, um, you know, survey or, you know, uh, quiz funnels. Um, look, I love VSLs and I love long form sales copy. Those are the two that I believe you can use those two to build, uh, to sell anything, any price products, doesn't matter from low ticket, mid tier to high ticket.

And any product, any type of product you can use, you can get away with those. Um, those two I'll probably add in there advertorial, but to me, an advertorial falls under long form copy. It's just not as long. It's just not, when we say long form copy, it's not a sales page. Like, it's not as long as your traditional direct response sales page, but it's still long form copy.

Um, and, and, right? And the thing that I, I, I, so those two, right? Meaning I don't run a quiz funnel, I don't run a whole lot of webinars. Um, I don't, you know, I don't do challenges. I don't do any of those because when you, you do the same thing, the same model over and over again, you develop efficiencies with that model.

You become more efficient and more effective with that, with that model. And, um, and so when you're switching models constantly, you lose that efficiency, right? Because there's new things that you've gotta learn. Um, there's new things that you're figuring out and there's little details that you don't know and understand about a model when, um, when you're new to it. And so I believe that you should find your two models that you're gonna go with, um, and stick to them and just become extremely efficient, extremely effective, extremely dialed with those.

The other thing that I just wanna say is with the VSLI love the VSLI, first of all, I, I love the ugly VSL, which is just mainly words, you know, text on white background, right? I love it. I've sold so much, so many different products. So with just that model, um, that like, and I've done fancy things with music and animations and B roll and a roll, and on camera and teleprompter. I've done it all.

I've done it all. And I just find that the ugly VSL just right where it's easier to optimize, it's easier to swap out, you know, and relea the campaign, right? It's easier to create multiple versions for different avatars like we talked about. Um, right? It's easy to make edits to it when you're on camera and now we've gotta edit it, you know, like, and go back and tweak it, right?

It's much more difficult, right? Because now, like, you know, are you, is is like, what do you do? Are you gonna record it again? Yeah, you look different. You, your hair, your hair was different then it was cut, then you were wearing a different shirt.

Like, but an ugly VSL where it's voice narration over text on a slide deck, right? With, you know, maybe some images and maybe some, uh, B roll periodically, maybe, um, much, much easier to slice up, to dice up to optimize, to relea, to test different elements, to test different price points, like, and so I love it. And so it is my go-to. It's also to me, an ugly VSL is a much faster way to put together, uh, uh, to get a, a, a marketing message out there. It's, I find that putting together a VSL is much quicker than putting together a long, long form sales page.

Whether you're doing it yourself or like me, you've got a team and you've got people to do it. A VSL, like when the copy is done for A VSL, you could, you could have the VSL done, done, published up there in three hours, whereas usually it'll take days to get a sales page up because you're do, somebody's doing the layout, somebody's doing the formatting, somebody's doing images on there. VSL, you could be copy's done three hours later you can have it, um, you can have it, um, published. And so I love it. And so I would, you know, that's my advice or recommendation for you.

And so, but there you go, gang, little bit over, a little bit longer than I wanted, but now, you know, the 10 VSL themes rocking the house today, right? Now, you also know the three bonus, um, themes. You understand the frameworks, the formulas, um, for each, you saw examples, um, of each. And so there you go. I highly recommend that you go back through this training because we covered a lot in a, you know, in two hours.

Go through it again. Um, and, um, and then certainly, um, make sure if you're interested in the E five Alliance, just go check out the pages dot Todd brown.me/e five Alliance. And if you have any questions about, um, this, about the training, about the 10 VSL themes about anything that I shared on this training, go ahead and, and, and, um, post It in the, um, the E five Nation, um, Facebook group. I would love to hear what, what addition, if something pops into your head later tomorrow, next week, don't matter to me. You got a question about this, right?

Like, I wanna guide you, I wanna lead you, I wanna direct you, I wanna make sure that you fully understand it because I want you to use this to grow your business, to make more money, to do better work, uh, to have the business that you want. And so please take advantage of that. But there you go. That's it for the training. Take care everybody.

God bless you guys, and, uh, and I hope to see you on the next one. And so take care everybody.
