---
title: "The Secret Persuasion Engine Inside Funnels That Convert Well In Saturated Niches 2025-06-12 23:00:55"
date: 2025-06-13
duration: 1h 38m
duration_seconds: 5932
vimeo_id: 1092960060
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# The Secret Persuasion Engine Inside Funnels That Convert Well In Saturated Niches 2025-06-12 23:00:55

**Date:** 2025-06-13 | **Duration:** 1h 38m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What is going on, everybody? Welcome to the training. We're gonna start in just about, uh, 60 seconds, give or take. Super excited to be with you, you guys and gals tonight. Uh, not sure where everybody is coming in from.

Uh, so why don't you go ahead and just share in the chat if you can, if I have the chat set up properly. Uh, if I don't, uh, lemme just see. Do I have the chat set up properly where you guys can post somebody? Go ahead and post something in the chat. If not, I'll have the, um, the chat feature turned on for you guys.

That boy over here, attendees can chat with everyone. There you go. Now you guys should be able to, um, to, to chat with each other, and so there you go. Appreciate that, um, Carrie, and so you guys can go ahead and, and there it is. Love seeing that.

Um, so, oh, wow, Jeremy, what's up buddy? Um, Paul is on who I'm gonna bring on a little bit later. Paul Mosetta, who is my partner in crime here. Legendary, uh, marketing Wizard extraordinaire. Uh, and so Bill, uh, Colorado.

Very cool. Okay, awesome. So we are going to rock and roll, and it's been a long time since I've, uh, I've taken time outta my schedule to do a training for you guys. And so I'm super excited about, uh, about this training because I truly believe that I'm gonna show you this, I'm gonna say this again in just a second, but I believe that what it is that we're gonna cover tonight, uh, is gonna transform your marketing. It's gonna transform your business.

It's gonna transform your ability to generate, um, sales, especially if you're in a crowded, competitive saturated market, or your market is on its way to being there. What I'm gonna share with you, um, is really the ultimate marketing, uh, um, the ultimate marketing, I don't wanna call it secret. Uh, let me see something here. Is this being, uh, it is being recorded. And so hopefully, hopefully, uh, if all goes well with the, um, with the recording, there will be a, um, a replay.

But what I'm gonna share with you guys tonight, so look, there, there is an offer coming in the end. It's an offer that I've never made before. It's an offer that is insanely discounted. Um, I'm super excited to to, to present it to you guys, but I promise you this, that, um, that if you pay attention to the content, which is gonna be 99% of this, I think I have one slide for the, um, for what it is that I'm gonna offer you. In the end, if you pay attention to everything else that I share with you, you are going to be on a wildly different path with your marketing.

In other words, you are going to be able to, I dare I say, dominate in a competitive, crowded, saturated market. I believe that tonight what it is that I'm sharing with you is arguably, I, I believe it is hands down bar none the single most valuable marketing lesson that I could share with you, um, today. Now, if you've been around me for any significant length of time, if you followed my stuff, um, some of what it is that I share with you tonight, um, may be, um, a bit, um, familiar to you, but I promise you that I'm gonna open your eyes to a whole new way of really looking at your marketing, uh, when it comes to competing in a crowded and saturated space. And so with that, we're just gonna rock and roll. I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna share my, my screen over here on this side.

And I am going to bring up the, um, the slide deck. And what you're gonna see, I, I just told you really, uh, uh, what it is that you are ultimately about to learn. I told you the, the value of it. If it's okay with you, I'm gonna skip the typical ramp up stuff, uh, that a lot of people do on, on webinars. I'm gonna skip the introduction.

I'm hoping that everybody, uh, is at least somewhat familiar with me and, and my work and, uh, and who I've worked with and all that jazz, um, in terms of direct response. And so I just wanna get to the, um, the content for you guys. Like I said, what you are going to learn tonight is how to not only stand out, get attention, create engagement, but most importantly, convert in a crowded, saturated, and competitive market. I'm talking about a way for you to really position what it is that you have to offer in a category of one, to make sure that prospects immediately see not just what's different and better about your product, your service, your offer, but why they should choose you, why they should invest their money with you compared to every other option they have. And I'm gonna show you exactly today and explain exactly to you tonight, how to properly structure a marketing message today.

What is needed from you today in order to, to do that. And so now we need to start with the, call it the, the brutal truth, the reality of what it is that we are seeing online today, what it is that you are experiencing online today. By the way, I will definitely save time in the end for q and a. That's probably when I'm gonna bring on, um, Paul, uh, messa. He'll be answering some questions with me and helping me with the questions.

And so, um, so definitely you can chat away in the chat, but if you've got some questions for me, just save those questions until the end so that, uh, because some of your questions I may answer as we, as we go through this. And so, uh, what are we dealing with right now? Like, what's the brutal truth in the, the, the, the reality, right? Well, the reality is, is that in 2025, right now, the biggest reason why maybe your funnel or a funnel isn't converting, or isn't converting well, or isn't converting nearly as well as maybe it used to, is not due to your offer. It's not due to your copy, it's not due to your traffic source, and it's not due to your ad targeting.

I'll tell you exactly what it is, what it's, it's from. The biggest reason why funnels don't convert today is because you sound like everyone else, because your marketing message sounds like everybody else, because the positioning of your product or service sounds like everyone else. In other words, ultimately it is this, this idea of you are becoming invisible because your stuff is blending in with, uh, uh, the majority of stuff being offered in your marketplace. In other words, you are allowing your product, your service, what it is that you do, what it is that you offer to be viewed as more of the same, in other words, as I, as I say right here, right? And this is kind of the, the, the prologue, if you will, before we get to really the meat and potatoes of me teaching you this, right?

That you're in a market that's overcrowded with marketers who are all, who all say similar things, offer similar benefits, make similar promises, use similar angles in their headlines, et cetera, in other words, right? Like it, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna go as far as to say that you're, you're saying the same exact thing. You're offering the same exact thing, right? Uh, you're using the same exact headline. What I am saying is that your stuff feels like his stuff feels like her stuff.

It kind of looks the same, it looks similar. It feels similar. It sounds similar, right? Everybody is, is really in, in most competitive markets, especially those that are using direct response, the type of marketing that, that we use, right? Uh, you know, everybody sounds the same, though.

They might swap out a word, they might swipe, swap out a phrase in the headline. But ultimately, what they're promising is really the same thing that the majority of people in the marketplace are, are are promising. Like the, so the stuff kind of feels the same. It sounds the same. It, it, it, it, it, it looks similar.

It's positioned in a similar way. And you see, the issue is that this is important to understand. The issue in the threat isn't the competition, isn't the volume of competition isn't the amount of people that are in a marketplace or in your marketplace. The big issue and the big threat, the, the big thing is commodity perception, is this idea of if you allow your product to sound like, to seem like to be framed, like to be talked about, as if it is one of many, as if it is one of many options, you are allowing, allowing for commoditization. You are allowing for commodity perception.

In other words, your thing becomes perceived as a commodity. It is one, excuse me, of many options that are the same, right? That are the same. And so if your message, I don't care whether you're offering a coaching program, whether you're selling a course, whether you're running an agency, whether you've got a, um, a, a a a book. I don't, it doesn't matter to me what the model is.

If you thing sounds like the other things in your category, in your market, in your niche, in terms of the promises that you're making, the benefit statements that you are using, the way that it's being positioned and framed, you, you have already lost. You have already lost, because your thing is being positioned as one of many, what I'm gonna show you how to do tonight, very simple, wildly effective, is I'm gonna show you how to separate the thing that you are offering your solution from everybody else's. And I'm gonna show you how to position your solution in the eyes of prospects so that they see it immediately, not only as different, but superior to everything else. They're gonna see what it, they're gonna see, they're gonna understand, and they're gonna believe that what you are offering, and I don't care how crowded or saturated your market is, that what you are offering is not only different, but is better than every other option, offer or solution out there. I'm gonna show you exactly the structure to, um, to use, right?

Which begs the question, right? So how do you avoid that commodity perception, that commoditization? How do you cut through that noise to not allow for that commodity perception? And how do you stand out by ensuring that you're not positioned or viewed or framed as one of many, but you are ultimately in a category of one, not theoretically, how do you do that? But practically, how do you do that in a marketing campaign, in your marketing campaign?

Well, I'm gonna tell you that is the entire purpose and aim of the rest of really this, uh, masterclass webinar class, whatever you want to call it, is I'm gonna show you that most effective structure, that most effective marketing message structure right now in 2025 for operating in a crowded and competitive market. Okay? That's what we are going to cover. Does that sound good? If that sounds good.

At least gimme, right? So gimme a little yes in the, in the, in the chat, just so that I can see, I'm not talking into the, um, ether here, uh, into the wind. And so, awesome. Yes, yes. Kerry, Jeremy, yes, yes.

Cool. Awesome. Beautiful. I love you guys. Sweet.

Okay. So let's look at what's, what's, what's really happening right now. Like, let's break it down for a second. And the reason why I'm covering this is because you're gonna see how this, because of what's happening and what's been happening and the trend that we're, we're seeing, it's why, what it is that I'm gonna show you is so effective today. Um, and so first, right?

Right now, you already know that consumers in the overwhelming majority of markets, with the exception of brand new markets, brand new categories being created, right? Consumers today are bombarded with more ads, more marketing messages, more sales messages, more offers, and more noise than ever before, right? There is more coming at them than ever before. So today, consumers are more skeptical, they're more jaded, they're more resistant than ever before. You also have to recognize, right, that their, their feeds and they're inboxes are flooded.

And so their attention spans the, the average online consumer, right? Attention spans now are measured in literally milliseconds today, right? You have to understand that, right, milliseconds, because right, they have so many options. They're not only being inundated with different ads, different funnels, different offers, different pitches, right? Like tons, tons looking the same, tons looking similar, right?

But they also know they have a ton of options, especially with the campaigns that all sound the same, look, the same, feel, the same, same promises, same benefit statements, similar offers, similar deliverables, all of that stuff, right? They pay less and less attention to it, right? Because they're getting bombarded by it. And because it only indicates, indicates that they have a ton of options, right? A ton of options.

And so almost every category, almost every market, and almost every niche is jam packed with different options. And from the outside, what you are seeing is that most products, most offers, most marketing campaigns are sta are starting to sound and feel the same. If you look at, if you've been and spent any significant length of time in the online marketing arena, and you see coaching offers, or you see lead generation offers, or you see how to make the sale, like how to generate, you know, customers and whatnot, they all sound so similar. They all sound so similar. You've gotta understand that the brain, the human brain has limited cognitive shelf space to use a metaphor.

And so if you sound like others, if you feel like others, right? Like if you come across as others, if your thing is framed at all like others, you're falling prey to that commodity perception. And you are immediately filed under the, I've already seen this, I've already seen this and that. I'll tell you right now, I've already seen this. Like, uh, and they're not saying this as in your particular product, maybe, but they're saying this as in your pro, your particular product is similar to so many others, and I've already seen these types of products.

I'm already familiar with this. I'm already aware of this, I already know about this, right? And so you get put into a, um, into a bucket, right? You get put into a bucket automatically by the prospect. And you have to understand that because if you sound and look and feel like everybody else, prospects automatically assume that your product or that your service works just like everyone else's, even if it doesn't, even if your thing is really better, right?

You never get the shot to prove that. You never get the shot to illustrate that. You never get the shot to show them that because you never stood out, because you've allowed for that commodity perception. You've allowed for that commoditization because you've allowed for them to put your thing in a bucket as more of the same. And so how do you fix that?

How do you change that? How do you avoid that? How do you become that category of one, so to speak, when you're in a crowded and saturated market? Well, before we get there, right? I want you to understand that the, the, the, the world online has changed, right?

What worked in early 2024 doesn't work nearly as well in 2025. And, and, you know, uh, um, anymore, that's just the reality, right? And, and I think that we're seeing this, I believe that I should say that we're seeing a, uh, a greater velocity in things going from a or a faster timeline, shorter timeline in certain strategies and tactics going from working to, um, no longer working or certainly no longer working nearly as well. It, the timeframe is a lot shorter today than it was years ago, let's say 20, 20 years ago when I first started, um, online. And so today, there are what I would call the flawed older models, the tradi, the, the traditional common approaches that I want you to be first aware of very quickly.

It's literally just this slide slide, um, on these. And then we're gonna get to the, the gist number one is, right, is feature-based selling, right? Which I don't even know if I would call that really selling right? Feature based, because to me, that's, you know, it's feature dumping. This is when you're, you're talking about the, the features of your thing, right?

The features of your, your, your, your, your course, the features of your mastermind, right? Uh, you know, and the reality is, is that today, that's too easy to copy, too easy to knock off, too easy for people to go in and, and borrow and swipe your copy and use it on their page. When you are leveraging, you know, feature based, a feature-based marketing approach or a feature based sales approach, you've got benefit based selling, which is really what's taught in the heart of direct response, right? Direct response marketing is all about, right? Showing prospects what they stand to gain, how their life stands to be improved by your product, by your service, by your solution, right?

That's what we right. It, it's benefit driven, it's benefit based. It's all about claims and promises, um, and benefits. If you go back and you study any of the original, uh, copywriting, uh, legends, if you go back and you read the Robert Collier letter book, if you read, um, anything from, uh, from Joe Sugarman, uh, you know, you certainly read, um, John Caps, uh, Victor Schwab, all of these legends, uh, copywriting, legends of direct response that have published works. What you're gonna find is that they are all about right, benefits, focus on the benefits, benefits, benefits.

This was when they used to refer to direct response as salesmanship in print. Well, I'll tell you that today, direct response, effective, the most effective direct response is not salesmanship in print. It's not in crowded and saturated markets. This purely benefit-based, um, selling or benefit based marketing. Why?

Because everyone is claiming in these competitive and saturated markets, everyone that's using direct response is claiming similar benefits, right? Like it's an, it's ex, it's a rarity today to see somebody have a product in, um, a crowded and saturated market marketplace that has unique benefits, meaning where their product is offering unique benefits. No. What you see instead is that you see that everybody is promising these same or very similar benefits, and so that's no longer an advantage. It no longer separates you, it no longer prevents commoditization.

You have to recognize, right, that you're saying the same thing everybody else is. And likely, if you're in a crowded and competitive market, there are marketers in there that don't always operate with the, um, the right morals and ethics, meaning that they stretch the truth. And so they're promising wild results that they, you know, wild transformations, results, outcomes, um, and whatnot. Uh, and right? And so if you're comp you're competing or you're trying to market purely based on benefit based selling, well, you're now doing the same thing that the overwhelming majority of marketers are doing.

And so why would you stand out? Why would you appear different? Why would you appear better? Why are you conveying or, or what conveys in your message to prospects that they should choose you and invest their money with you over, over everybody else, right? No.

Next is story-based. Selling stories in marketing. Stories are one of the most, uh, uh, effective, um, marketing and persuasion tools. We know that storytelling is, uh, is a wildly valuable tool. It's very difficult to do and do well and do in a way that not only keeps attention, but converts into the sale.

But it's not just that today, while story-based selling or story-based marketing can create an emotional connection, it doesn't do anything to differentiate the product, right? In other words, merely using story-based marketing or story based selling in and of itself doesn't do anything to differentiate the product. It doesn't do anything to convey to the prospect what makes your thing different and better, what makes your thing different and better. And we're gonna continue to come back to those two words tonight as we go through, as we get into the heart and soul of, of the, the marketing message model, and the, uh, you know, the, the, the, uh, the strategy that I'm gonna teach you into, right? We're gonna show what makes your thing different, what makes your solution different and better, what makes it different and better, right?

And story-based selling, while again, it can create an emotional connection inherent, it, it, it doesn't have anything inherently in it that differentiates the product. And then there's the influencer kind of brand kind of trust thing. And the reality is, is that that's becoming an old or a flawed model because there is fading skepticism, right? There is today fading skepticism because people know that there are influencers that are being paid to endorse certain products that don't use certain products and, and, um, and so on. And so the, the, the reality is that I, I would tell you, I would go as far as to say that, that none of these models of marketing, of creating a marketing message, of, of marketing and selling online are effective today when it comes to differentiation, when it comes to making your thing stand out, when it comes to making your solution, putting your solution into a category of one, and making it so that prospects immediately see why they should spend money on your thing versus every other option.

So, right? So if those things are the, the, the, the old models, you know, examples of the old models, well, then the question is, okay, so what is the model, right, Todd? It's like, Todd, get to it. What is the model in 2025 for standing out, getting attention, creating engagement, maintaining, uh, engagement, and then producing the sale conversions in crowded, competitive, saturated markets? Well, it is using a mechanism based marketing argument.

And we're gonna break down the two pieces of this. What is a mecca? What do I mean by mechanism? What is the right mechanism? Uh, um, and what is a mechanism, me mechanism based marketing argument?

Because you are gonna see that this is a wildly different approach than the way the overwhelming majority of, of marketers, uh, teach people how to create sales pages, video sales letters, um, and, um, and so on. What you are gonna see, right? And which I skipped over, what you're gonna see is there, this, the method that I'm going to teach you is the same, same message that, uh, same exact method that I've taught that I taught people like Brooke Castillo to take life school to, you know, a 50 plus million dollar business. In fact, she grew life coach, um, school to, I believe it was her first 18 when, uh, when she was doing 18 million a year off the back of one mechanism based marketing argument. This is the same thing that I've taught, you know, to, to the guys over at Performance golf, a, a gosh, a, you know, a beyond a hundred million dollar business.

It's the same thing that I've taught all the experts that you've seen on the, on the website, whether it is John Benson, whether it was Todd Herman, all of those. So this is the method, the strategy behind what it is that, uh, that I taught them their success. And so, at the root of this, at the root of a mechanism based marketing argument is one word that you need to fully understand that we've already really talked about, right? Um, that we touched on. And that is differentiation.

One of the very first things that your prospects wanna know, especially if you're in a crowded, competitive saturated market, is what is different about your thing, right? What is different about your thing, right? Because right, people don't want more of the same, they don't wanna pay attention to or invest in something, um, or, or consume a marketing message for that matter about something that they're already aware of, that they already know, that they've already heard, that they've already tried, that they've already been let down with. So one of the very first questions that they want answered that they wanna know the answer to is, what makes your thing different? What is different about your thing?

Now, in just a minute, I'm gonna tell you the only two ways to meaningfully differentiate in marketing today, there are only two ways to meaningfully differentiate. And I'm gonna show you what are the ways that a lot of marketers attempt to do from a differentiation point of view that is no longer effective at all in 2025. But I want you to understand that at the root is this principle of differentiation. Here is Theodore Levitt, right? Uh, uh, Harvard Business School professor, he said, differentiation is one of the most important strategic and tactical activities in which companies must consistently engage.

It's not discretionary. That means it's not optional, right? It, it, you have to differentiate, right? I, I've always said in multiple presentations throughout the years, I've always said, if I was to define marketing, it is the art of meaningful differentiation, right? The art of meaningful differentiation.

And so that we're going to cover that what is meant by meaningful differentiation, and what are the only two ways that you can use to meaningfully differentiate here is jack trout. And I'm gonna, I want you to see this quote for one second, and then I wanna point out the mistake in this quote. Yes, I am pointing out a mistake in, uh, Jack Trout, legendary marketer, advertising guy. He said, the key to success of a business is to be different in the mind of the prospect, which is what positioning is all about. He is in, in addition, he is saying differentiation is key.

The key to success of a business is differentiation. The problem with this quote that I want you to understand today, in 2025, it wasn't the case when he first said that this quote, but it is today, is this word right here. When he said, he said, the key to the success of a business is to be different in the mind of the prospect. And I would say that this is inadequate in 2025. What I mean by that is this, that you saying I'm different at, uh, you know, I'm a, I'm a coach, I'm a consultant, I'm an author, I'm an expert, I'm a speaker.

Um, you know, I'm my agency. I'm different because of blah, blah, blah, because I went to, you know, Yale University because I spent six years in, you know, in this company in another five years in this company, or my information product, my course is different because it comes from blah, blah, blah, right? Or, my consulting services are different because, you know, I approach it this way. You see, these things are no longer adequate today for differentiation. Differentiation today is no longer about differentiating based on your experience or based on your years in business, or based on your personal credibility, or based on your tracker record, or based on your client's success stories.

The reality is, is that right? Today in most competitive, uh, saturated markets, everybody that you're competing with has some sort of credibility that they're gonna present to back up their message. They have some sort of track record that they're going to present to back up their message. They have some level of client success stories. In some cases, in some markets that are really crowded and competitive and saturated.

There are tons of people with tons of success stories and, and, um, and case studies. There are tons of people claiming that they've got wild levels of experience and they're endorsed by this person, that person, and whatnot. And so these things no longer differentiate because they are commonplace today. You see, that's not the differentiation that prospects care about today when it comes to making a buying decision. Those things are no longer meaningful points of differentiation.

There are only two meaningfully way meaningful ways to differentiate today. The first one is a unique selling proposition, and the second one is a unique mechanism. Now, I want you to understand the difference between the two and the one that you should be focusing on and why. Let's start by talking about the USPA unique selling proposition. I'm going to make this extremely simple for you.

So what is a unique selling proposition? Or when do you have a USP? Well, when your product or service offers a unique benefit to the marketplace that the marketplace cares about and values that nobody else that you are competing with offers, then you have a unique selling proposition. Let me say that again. When your product or service offers a unique benefit or delivers a unique benefit to the marketplace, that the marketplace cares about, wants and values that no other product or service or offer that you are competing with, um, um, offers with their product or service than you have a USP.

But I'm going to tell you that today, UA unique selling proposition is extremely rare. Typically, USPS are found in disruptive technologies. So they're found with things like, let's say, like when Uber first hit the scene, right? The, the first ride share, you know, uh, scale, you know, big ride share, um, company. Well, when, right when you could ha a ride from your, your phone when you didn't need cash, when you can see how lo right?

They had a bunch of usps, right? And, and then of course, once Lyft and other ride share companies came along, those USPS were eroded and they lost 'em, right? Today, those are no longer unique selling propositions because those things you, you can experience with Lyft as well as Uber, um, and so on. The point that I want you to understand is that it is rare today in the overwhelming majority of markets, especially the crowded, saturated ones, to even be able to find a USP right? Now, by the way, let me back up for one second.

What do I mean by meaningfully differentiate? Meaningfully differentiate means it's a point of differentiation that the prospect cares about, that they benefit from. So if you said, for example, if you were a consultant, just as an example, and let me take a drink real quick. If you were a consultant and you said, you know what, one of the things that sets me apart is I have gorgeous red hair, man or a woman. That's not a meaningful point of differentiation, because that is not of value to the marketplace when it comes to your consulting prowess.

In other words, that's not gonna change the quality of your consulting. It's not gonna change the transformation they experience. It's not gonna change the impact that you're gonna have on them, merely, because what makes you different is that you've got gorgeous red hair. That's not, that may be a point of differentiation, but that's not a meaningful point of differentiation. And so, in other words, when it's not a meaningful point of differentiation, it doesn't drive conversions, only meaningful points of differentiation drive more sales.

So we started with u uh, USP. You understand they're extremely rare today, right? You typically, like I said, see them with, uh, disruptive technologies, typically in startup, you know, um, uh, categories, new categories of product service, you know, services solutions. So, right? It's the opposite of a crowded, saturated marketplace that's filled.

Coming up with a USP is extremely, extremely rare. So if you can't meaningfully differentiate with a USP, what is our other option? Well, I already said it is a unique mechanism, and so, excuse me, this is the other option, and this is the superior option, and you're gonna understand why by the time we're done. In order for me to make sure that you truly understand what a unique mechanism is, you need to understand what a mechanism is. So before we can, right, before you understand what a unique mechanism is, you need to understand what a mechanism is, or what I would call an ordinary commoditized mechanism.

This is, right, a, a mechanism, I want you to think about it this way is how a product or a service produces a result or, or outcome. It's the way in which a product or service works to bring about the core benefit, whatever the core benefit is that's being promised, right? And that mechanism, the, the reason why this product works, right, is available elsewhere in other products and services. So think about it like this, guys. So if, right, if, if a product or service works to fulfill the promise, in other words, if it, you know, if there's a supplement and it's promising to bring down blood pressure, let's just say, well, there's a mechanism in that supplement.

There is something in that supplement that is responsible for bringing down blood pressure if it truly brings down blood pressure, meaning if it truly works, if it doesn't work, right, well, then there may be no mechanism in there. But, uh, I'm gonna assume that everybody on here has a product or service. The, the promise that you're making your product or service can actually deliver. And so, right, in every product or service that actually delivers the result, there is a mechanism, there is a, there is something in that product or service in that framework, in that system, in that approach that is responsible for it, it working. What makes it a common, ordinary or commoditized mechanism is that that mechanism is available in other products and services as well.

Let me give you a simple example here is, right, if, if we said right, simple supplement that offers, let's say, you know, uh, magnesium sulfate, for example, and it offers 500 ma uh, milligrams of magnesium sulfate, well, 500 milligrams of magnesium sulfate, let's say, that's to help you sleep better at night. You know, the magnesium sulfate and 500 milligrams of magnesium sulfate is an ordinary common mechanism. Why? Because it's available from multiple companies, right? Uh, uh, in multiple products, meaning that there's no category of one here, there's nothing, there's that.

It's not a unique mechanism, right? Because you can get it elsewhere. And so what ends up happening, by the way, so that you can start to fast forward, this is imagine if my product, I, I had a product a, a supplement, and I was like, it helps you sleep at night. And I said, you know, the secret behind this supplement is that it contains 500 milligrams of magnesium sulfate. Well, right?

You know what? I, you know what I just did there? I, I created what I used to call a Google slap trigger, right? It's now an Amazon, uh, uh, um, slap trigger, which is where somebody, if they're watching me talk about my, my supplement on video pause, Google, Amazon, magnesium sulfate, 500 milligrams. And what do they find?

They find a slew of other options. And when it's a commodity, they're n they're not gonna pay more, right? They're gonna, they're gonna, they're gonna look for the least expensive option, right? Nobody goes, nobody intentionally. If, if you can buy, if you can pay for gas and, and pay $4 a gallon, nobody's gonna intentionally pay $8 a gallon for the same exact gas if they believe that it's, it's the same exact thing, right?

It's a commodity, right? And so commoditization erodes that positioning, that that category of one, that price, all of that kind of stuff. This is what we would call an ordinary mechanism. Now, a unique mechanism is, right, the system process framework, method, whatever, however you refer to it, behind your product or service, which produces the result for the prospect. So it is, again, it's the, it's the formula, it's the, it's the, um, it, if you're, if, if you're selling a supplement, it's the unique combination of nutrients.

Let's just say it's your method, your process, your system, your approach behind the product or service that produces the result for the prospect. It's how and why your product or service is able to fulfill the promise that you're making, that you're presenting in your marketing. And here is the key. It's unique, it's proprietary, it's offered by you only. In other words, you are the only source of that unique mechanism.

They cannot, the prospect cannot go to Google or go to Amazon and find it being offered anywhere else. Now, before you tune out, I'm gonna show you how you, how, how you can absolutely do, do this unless you are selling a gallon of gas or you're selling a, a, a, uh, eight ounces of tap water, right? Unless you're selling a pure commodity, I'm going to show you how you can have your own unique mechanism. The difference is right on the left. The magnesium sulfate example of an ordinary commoditized mechanism product on the right, unique herbal supplement prepared, according to Dr.

Luke, sees proprietary methods. There is a unique formula in here that you can only get in this product, not elsewhere. And so that's the difference between a unique, uh, excuse me, uh, uh, a common mechanism, an ordinary mechanism, which every product that works to fulfill on its promise has, and a unique mechanism. One is available elsewhere. One is only available in the product.

And so, really important here is the right, the little breakdown for you, you can, if you, you can take a snapshot if you wanted to of this, but it's pretty straightforward. A unique mechanism is proprietary and it's only available through you. Whereas an ordinary mechanism is common and is available elsewhere. Unique mechanism. It prevents the Google slap trigger, meaning that you're not gonna lose the sale, right?

When people go over to Amazon, because you are the only source, you're not gonna lose the sale if they decide to pause your video and go over to Google. 'cause they're not gonna find anybody else offering, uh, a product or solution with your unique mechanism. Whereas an ordinary mechanism stimulates the Google SLAP trigger with a unique mechanism, right? It leads back to you. If they want that mechanism, which we're gonna talk about, if they want that unique mechanism, it leads back to you.

You are the only source of that. They can only get it from you. Whereas an ordinary mechanism, it leads to other sources. Because when you position your thing as, uh, or allow it to be positioned as a commodity, you open up to be price shopped because they know, right? If this is a commodity, I can get it elsewhere and let me see if I can get it cheaper, unique mechanism.

It creates demand for your exact offer, right? Because you are the only source of it, right? Which you're gonna understand how to do in just a minute. Whereas an ordinary mechanism, when you allow your, your product, your service to be positioned as if it has, uh, as if it's powered by an ordinary mechanism, you just create demand for your product type. What do I mean by that?

If you look at this over here, if if I said, excuse me, if I said, I have a supplement that helps you sleep at night, and the secret is in the fact that it contains magnesium, 500 milligrams of magnesium sulfate, all I've done is sold you on the value of that, uh, um, that product, that type of product, magnesium sulfate, right? I've sold you on that product type. Now you want magnesium sulfate, you don't necessarily want my product. You want magnesium sulfate. Now, you can go and you can shop around, but with a unique mechanism, you eliminate all of that.

You create demand for one thing in one thing only, and that is your product, your offer, your service, your solution, because you are the only source of that unique mechanism. And so, uh, right? So with that, now as the backdrop, right now that now is the backdrop. I want you to understand a couple things, and I'm gonna show you some, some examples of this. We're gonna go through some examples real quick, and then we're gonna go into the second part, which is understanding the, the mechanism driven marketing argument.

So number one, the ben, when you have a, when you present your product, your service, your offer, your solution with a unique mechanism, right? Which I'm gonna, I'm gonna teach you how to do tonight. I'm gonna show you how to do this tonight. When you do that, when you, when you right, you, you answer the question, right? Why this, like, in other words, you immediately answer the question, why this?

Because the, the answer to that question is because this is the only, the only product, the only offer, the only solution out there that is built on or based on this unique mechanism. In other words, we've completely separated your product from the others, right? If, if our sleep better supplement was based on magnesium sulfate, how do I answer the question? Why this? Unless I just say it's the cheapest, right?

And I don't want any of you to compete on, um, on being the cheapest. So it, it, you know, when you have a unique mechanism, it answers the question why this as well? The thing to understand is this, that when you have a unique mechanism, you listen to this, listen to me carefully here, and if you have a question about this, we're gonna come back. I'm gonna save time in the end, and I'll answer this for you. I'll address this for you.

But when you have a unique mechanism, you can differentiate, you can still meaningfully differentiate your solution, your product, your service, your offer, while still promising the same outcome or result as competitors. Remember, it's the USP that right promises a different benefit than what all of your competitors are promising. Very hard, very rare, with a unique mechanism, you can still differentiate, meaningfully differentiate your solution, your product, your service, e even when you are still making the same promise of transformation for that marketplace. Why? Because you're differentiating through how your product or service works to produce the result, right?

So you're still promising the same result, the thing that you know, the market wants, the things that other competitors are also promising, except you are backing that promise with a unique mechanism, with a different way that your product or service works to deliver the result. As you're gonna see in just a second, it also, when you have a unique mechanism, it equips you to use or it allows you to use education based marketing. And this is one of my favorite strategies that I'm gonna unpack for you. I'm gonna explain this to you and show you, right? Because it allows us to educate, educate on what, educate the prospect on what makes this unique mechanism different and better.

In other words, we get to be the ones that go to a marketplace and tell prospects, right? There's a different and better way for you to get the result that you care most about. And then I can educate them on what makes it different and what makes it superior better at delivering that result. And so we're able to deliver value as we are actually marketing. It's marketing, but it's education based marketing.

And the reason why we can do that education based marketing is because we're educating on what makes the unique mechanism different and better. And remember, we are, you are the only source of that unique mechanism. So once you've educated the prospect on this, this different and better way to get the result they want, and they then want that different and better way, you are the only source. You are the only, the only place that they can get that unique mechanism from when they take advantage of your offer. So you create, and all roads lead to you, and all roads lead to you path.

It also, uh, we don't even need to spend a whole lot of time on this. It enables you when you've got a unique mechanism to market effectively to more sophisticated markets. Eugene Schwartz, legendary copywriter in his book Breakthrough Advertising, which if you're in this business of direct response and you haven't read that, you wanna read that, it's my number one recommended marketing book. It's the only book that, uh, really I reread every single year and have for a number of years. It's when, when I have a second copy.

And at one point, the book was selling at one point for $700. Uh, it wasn't, it wasn't available today, it's published by my buddy Brian Kurtz. You should get it. Well in that, in breakthrough advertising, gene Schwartz talks about how markets go through an evolution and become more sophisticated over time as they are exposed to more and more marketing messages. Well, what, when they are exposed to more and more marketing messages and they reach the third stage of sophistication, that's when the only thing that begins to work is a mechanism based, um, a mechanism based, uh, you know, marketing, marketing message.

And so what this means is that, right? Is that you will have the ability to use, you will have the ability to convert in extremely sophisticated markets when you have a unique mechanism, like I'm gonna teach you, uh, at the foundation of your, um, marketing message. And the thing to understand, the final thing to understand is about the unique mechanism is that it gives your prospects hope. In other words, it gives them hope that maybe this time with your solution that they will get the results because, right? Because the way they view it, they view your product, they view your unique mechanism as something, as something different, as something that they haven't heard of before, as something that they haven't seen before, as something that they haven't tried before.

And so it naturally gets them right to feel like maybe this is the answer. Maybe this is the thing I've been missing all along. Maybe this is why all those other products failed, right? Uh, failed me because they were missing this. And so maybe this is the answer.

You do not get that same level of hope when you have a purely, our product is better, and here's why. Because everybody is saying our product is better. And so you don't create that, um, hope or stimulate that hope in prospects. But a unique mechanism gives them hope, because again, it allows them to say, maybe this is what I've been missing. Maybe this is why I failed.

Maybe this was, this was, uh, what I didn't get in all those other products. And so right now I'm gonna show you how to, how to, uh, use this. I wanna go through some examples. So a unique mechanism has, has been used. I mean, for the longest time, one of the original examples that I, that I used to focus on was P 90 x, the home workout thing.

I don't even think they sell this anymore, um, from Beachbody, but right, it was, why did you know, why did P 90 x, which was the name of the program, the name of the product, why was it able to produce such better results? In other words, think about this guys, right? For time purposes, think about this, that the unique mechanism is what is what tells your prospect, this is why you can expect to get better results from my product. This is why, this is why you can expect to get better results. Uh, faster fat loss, more muscle gains, you know, more energy from P 90 X because of the unique exercise approach called muscle confusion.

Or because it stimulated mus muscular confusion, if you will. That was the unique mechanism behind that P 90 X product way back in the day that allowed them to say, this is why you can expect to get better results. If you look at proactive, another oldie, right? I'm going through the oldies first, then I'm gonna show you ones that you're gonna, you're gonna recognize and see, right? Why was, why proactive?

Why was it better? Why is it better that, why is it able to get better results? See, I want you to see this. It's able to get better results at clearing up skin and getting rid of acne because it, it, it, it works with what they call smart target technology, which penetrates the skin deeper, more fully, uh, um, to get deeper into the pores. See, what they weren't saying is, is ours is better.

And that's it, right? Because everybody claims that theirs is the best. No, right? How many marketing messages do you see out there where people are like, we're the third best product in our category, right? Or we're the, we're the second best vendor in this, in this marketplace.

You don't, everybody claims that theirs is the best. Everybody's making all these promises, but when you have no justification for that today in crowded and competitive markets, um, um, right? It rolls off, it rolls off your back, right? Like it roll it, in other words, it rolls off the, it rolls off the back. It, it doesn't mean anything Here.

They're giving you a justification. Look at, um, look at frog tape, right? It keeps paint out, keeps lying sharp. Why? It's the only tape that is, uh, created with paint block technology.

No idea what that is. That's their unique mechanism. Invisalign, right? It's proven right? The, the, the, um, to have a beautiful smile, right?

Like it is, right? Why, why is theirs more effective or why do they claim theirs is more effective? And that's all I'm really ultimately trying to say. Why are they right? Because it's made with smart track material and smart force features, and they're clinically proven, those two unique mechanisms within Invisalign to achieve 75% more predictable tooth movement.

See, they're not just saying ours are better. Like our aligners are better, our aligners work better, right? Like our aligners are give you the smile that you've always wanted, right? Better, faster than everybody else. 'cause what does the market expect them to say that that will do it better faster, you know, than everybody else.

They have a justification, right? Ours works because of this mechanism, and here's how and why this mechanism is able to produce better results compared to everybody else. And you see, you could see, I could give you example after example, after example of unique mechanisms. Here's right, um, uh, originally, right? Ath athletic greens, they refer to their thing as whole body foundational nutrition.

Here is eight sleep, um, mattress they use, right? This thing, they call it thermal regulation through pod technology, if I remember correctly. Um, here is Quizlet, right? It, it, um, for learning, right? They have this AI powered adaptive learning.

Here is, um, ironically I don't use this one, I use a different, uh, different brand, but Liquid IV for your, which I think is a great name for, um, electrolytes and right? It's, they claim faster, you know, faster hydration, um, because they have what they call cellular transport technology, right? Uh, which is like this precise, you know, amount of sodium, glucose, potassium, uh, which they claim speeds up hydration. And I could just go on and on with found. This is one, it's like, uh, clinically prescribed, uh, weight loss medication based on your exact biology.

And that's why that, right? That's their unique mechanism. That's why they claim they get better results. Even Duolingo has this like gamified, um, like, uh, what do they call it? Adaptive learning, um, algorithm.

And so there is example after example, after example of these companies of businesses from both big and, you know, and small, like, in other words, both monster companies as well as 5 million, 10 million, $30 million plus companies that rely on a unique mechanism behind their, the, behind their product. And so the thing for you to really understand and grasp with this, right, is that your prospects in most crowded, if not all crowded, saturated competitive markets, your prospects have tried, right? Uh, other solutions. They've tried other solutions and they've been disappointed. They've been let down by those other, those other solutions, what they want today, right?

Which is why what they want today is a different way of getting the result, right? They want a different way. They don't want, right? This is without going down this crazy rabbit hole. They're not looking for a slight improvement on the old way.

They're looking for a different way. They're looking for a new way. People will spend multiples on a new way and a different way than they will on a mere improvement to, to a way that they've already used and failed with in the past. This, that might sound strange to you, right? That might sound counterintuitive to you, right?

But the reality is, is that right? When people try a method, a way, a process, a framework, a system, and it fails, they are far less likely to believe that somebody can come along and give them an improvement to make that thing work than they are to believe in a new and different way that will work to produce the result. And so today, they want a different way of getting results. What that different way is, is the unique mechanism they want. They're looking for a unique mechanism.

You could even see, by the way, with for, for today the weight loss, the GLP ones, right? The, uh, the ozempic and whatnot, right? And how that's, you know, regardless of what you think about it, right? What is that? That's a different mechanism.

That's a unique mechanism, right? You, uh, another forget the fact that there are, now there are other various versions of that. When the GLP one first hit the scene, that was a unique mechanism. It was a different way to lose weight. It wasn't another diet, it wasn't another exercise program.

It wasn't another in-home machine. It wasn't another, right? It. And what happened with that new mechanism, it took off. It took off.

And so what people want is a new a, a a a a, a new way, a different way, a unique mechanism. The thing that I just again wanna remind you of, I wanna drill this into you tonight, is that what you unique is not a unique mechanism. A unique mechanism is how your product or, or, or service uniquely delivers results. It's how your product or service works to fulfill the promise that you're making to prospects. It's how your product or service uniquely works to deliver results.

It's how your product or service is able to fulfill the promise that you're making to prospects. So a unique mechanism is not just a bunch of tips, it's not a series of common steps. It's not a be a better way of doing the ordinary common commodity. Um, and it's not a commodity approach, which pro prospects can learn, um, can learn about anywhere. No, again, they're looking for a different way.

And so I want you to think about a unique mechanism as your process. I don't if you're, if you teach people how to repair their relationships, if you sell a book on that, if you sell an information product, if you do consulting on that, if you have agency services, let's say it, the process that you use, it, it the formula, your framework, your system, your methodology, it's any one of those things, right? Package properly given a name and then presented the way that I'm gonna teach you, right? And there are nuances to this, right? 'cause there is right packaged properly named properly, and then presented properly, right?

I don't care if you're a massage therapist and you claim that you can eliminate, right? Uh, eliminate low back pain, you know, rapidly. Well, right there, there could be a unique mechanism there in the way that the different types of body work that you use with a, with a client. That's how, right? If you've got a software that gets people top Google rankings, maybe there's an algorithm in the software that is able to get top Google rankings, right?

Like, uh, you know, if you got the most moist cakes around, well, right? Maybe that's because of the unique recipe that you use from your, you know, your, your, uh, your grandmother. I could go on and on and on with showing you right how you all, all you need to do right at the core of this, right? Again, there are nuances, but all you need to do is to identify how and why your product or service is able to deliver the result that you claim that it can, right? And unless you are copying somebody else, exactly step by step, moment by moment, second by second, you don't have a commodity and you can package that properly as a unique mechanism.

Think about it, just as it's packaging your thing, your approach, your system as a proprietary, uh, approach that's only offered from you. And like I said, when you do it, it gives your prospects massive amount of hope, gives them that maybe this is the thing that I've been, um, I've been missing all this time. Maybe this is the answer. And like I said to you already, I'm just gonna reiterate, un, unless you are selling a pure commodity, you have a unique mechanism. You can, you can package what it is that you do as a unique mechanism.

Now, there is one thing that you need to be aware of that I want you to get, right? So I introduced the marketplace to the idea, to the online marketing community. I introduced the idea of the unique mechanism, I don't know, maybe seven years ago-ish, something like that. Um, and since then, um, right, it's grown in popularity. There are a lot of people that talk about the unique mechanism.

There are even a lot of people today that teach the mechanism, teach the unique mechanism, or teach people how to, um, identify unique mechanism. The problem is, is that what they're really doing, what a lot of these marketers are really doing is what I would call is a faux mechanism. And I want you to be aware of this and understand this so that you don't make this mistake. So, a foe mechanism is when you really just slap a fancy name onto an ordinary methodology. In other words, like a, an an ordinary common system framework, process method.

When you don't, when you don't properly identify what is, uh, different about the way that your product or service works to deliver the result, and all you do is just slap a fancy, cool sounding name on it, you end up with what is called a faux mechanism. And the reason why you end up with what I call is a mechanism is because you cannot do the second part of the mechanism, um, based, uh, marketing argument. In other words, what you end up with is you end up with merely a unique mechanism that, or, or, uh, what looks like a unique mechanism that isn't supported by a marketing argument. And a unique mechanism that is not, or cannot be, is not supported by a marketing argument, which you'll understand in just a second. 'cause I'm gonna unpack this now for you, right?

Is just a gimmick. In other words, it's, it's a gimmick. And you're gonna see how, how it falls apart compared to what it is that I'm gonna teach you how to, how to do you see, adding a unique mechanism into a typical sales pitch is not the answer, what I'm not telling you to do. And so do not run off and do this. What I am not telling you to do is just go back and identify the unique mechanism in your, um, in your product or service, and then name it, and then put that name into your typical, you know, benefit, uh, um, based sales.

You know, um, page, that's not the answer. That's not what I am talking about here. What I am talking about here is a mechanism based marketing argument. And this is where the overwhelming majority of marketers that learn about the unique mechanism absolutely fail because that what they don't do is they don't, they, they never make a case for their unique mechanism. In other words, they never present an argument for their unique mechanism.

See, let me fast forward to this, right? Let me, let me get to, let me fast forward. We only have six more slides, literally six more slides. Um, uh, and so I want you to understand this, right? Once I have the unique mechanism, once I've identified the unique mechanism, right?

The overwhelming majority of a marketing campaign that I create, that I've taught all the, the, the, the biggest names online today that have come to me for help with their own marketing, right? Uh, and maybe I'll show you them during the q and a, um, portion. Um, 75% of the marketing campaign is not at all about the product. It's not about the product at all. What I'm doing is I'm introducing the market to a different and better way to get the result they want.

And then what am I doing right? Um, right? Um, I'm, um, ultimately, let me say it like this. I'm introducing them to that in the hook. I'm then teasing them at the very beginning of the, the campaign lead, the first 200, 300, 400 words.

And don't worry about the specifics, right? We have a whole formula for that, right? But I'm teasing them about the benefits of what this thing can do for them. And then what I do is, in the marketing argument, or what we typically refer to as the campaign argument, I am proving to them what makes this unique mechanism, right? That I'm now introducing them to this different way for them to get the result that they want.

I'm now educating them on not only what makes it different, but what makes it superior to everything else. And then when I have educated them on why this unique mechanism is different and superior at giving them the result that they want at that point, right? And once they want the unique mechanism, right? That's when, and that's the only time that I then segue in and, and, uh, present the product and the offer. So the beauty is right, that throughout 75% of the campaign, right?

I'm not talking about the product. I'm not pitching, I'm not selling, I'm not getting aggressive. I'm a hero because I'm educating the prospect on a different and better way to get the result that they want. I'm opening their eyes, right? I'm, I'm presenting a, a, a marketing argument, and there's a, there's a whole process for this, right?

But I just want you to understand what we're doing here. And so ultimately, right, by the time they reach this purple, uh, you know, the, the end of the marketing portion, they're sold on the unique mechanism. They want the unique mechanism. Now, when we segue into the offer and you present your offer, and you, right? And the offer is the only way that they can get the unique mechanism, because it's only in your product or service, they are now grateful that you put together the offer.

They're grateful for the opportunity to buy because they are sold on the value of the unique mechanism. Before you even talk about your product or service, they go into the offer pre-sold because we educated them on what makes your unique mechanism, uh, um, what was I gonna say? Uh, different and superior, right? And so do you see that you've created an all roads lead to you, first of all, right? You get to deliver value to the marketplace, right?

Do you think that the marketplace wants to hear about a different and superior way to get the result? They want a different way, something that they haven't heard before, tried before, um, experimented with before. It's different and it's better. It's faster, it's easier, right? Uh, depends on your, on your product, how we choose that.

Uh, but it's better. You think the market will pay attention to that. You better believe they'll pay attention to that. And then what do we do? We educate them on that.

We're not educating them just to educate them. We're not educating them just to show, um, them how smart you are, how much you know, or to deliver value. We're educating them very strategically. We're educating them on the difference and superiority of the mechanism so that ultimately in the end, they want the unique mechanism. And once they do, we've pre-sold them on the offer, and we've created an all roads lead to you position because they cannot get the unique mechanism anywhere else.

So they want it, they can't get it anywhere else, which is why they're grateful for the opportunity to buy from you. And that's why I say, right? Like, what happens when you combine a unique mechanism with a marketing argument that proves that it's superior? Well, you stand out instantly in any market because you've got a different and better way to give the prospects, the audience, the result that they want you command and generate attention. Because what people are, what people pay attention to is a different way.

That's what people want today. They don't want more of the same and the typical feature based, benefit based, um, all that, right? Rolls off, rolls off the back. You create buyer demand for your product, for your offer before you ever even present your product, right? So you don't, you're not, you're not selling, right?

Like, I don't, I don't like selling, I'm not a good salesperson. Fortunately, when you do marketing, right, it makes selling unnecessary, right? 'cause like Peter Drucker, one of the greatest management gurus ever, right? He said, the job of marketing is to make selling superfluous, to make it unnecessary. Think about it with a, with a mechanism based marketing, um, argument.

You are creating buyer demand for your product or service before you ever even present your product or service. And then when you do, because they're pre-sold, you don't need to do any of the hardcore sales, you know, shenanigans that, um, that is, is so uncomfortable. And that creates reactance in prospects, right? Where they push back when they feel like they're being, um, manipulated. And of course, you multiply the impact of every ad, every email, every, you know, uh, um, every funnel that you create because you, you multiply the impact because it, it, the foundation is a different and better way for the prospect to get the outcome they want.

It is absolutely, positively a beautiful thing when done right? And that is why the biggest and best marketers on the planet come to me when they need help with their own marketing to learn this exact methodology. Now, look, I said to you guys, and we're gonna go to q and a in just a, in just a minute. I said to you guys that I have an offer for you that, uh, and I'm gonna go live onto the internet, which is never a good thing when you're doing a webinar, but, right? Uh, how can you learn this?

How can you learn the entire process from beginning to end? Well, you can learn it in the E five masterclass. This is right. This is the, the, the, the program that, this is the methodology that I taught to all the biggest names. This is the most endorsed, the, the, the most endorsed marketing methodology online today when it comes to customer or client acquisition.

And this course teaches you from A to Z I'm gonna show you in just a second, I'm gonna show you the, um, the, the, the special offer in just a second. So check this out. Let me bring this up. So right now, so you can see, if you go online right now, um, for the E five masterclass, um, you can, first of all, you can learn about, so by the way, let me just do this over here. So you can see this is, these are case studies.

We haven't updated this thing in forever. But you can see the, all these different case studies, uh, people, all these videos, um, of folks, I don't know why that's, uh, showing up three times here. Um, but you can see all these case studies. You could see, uh, you could read all these things. Uh, you could see at the bottom all the endorsements from, uh, you know, Russell and John Benson, and you name it, the best of the best, all for the, um, the E five masterclass.

Now, what what this does is it teaches you how from A to Z, it walks you through really from A to Z how to craft a, a, uh, uh, a mechanism based marketing argument. But it also, in addition to that, it teaches you the lead, how the, the intro, the hook, the idea, the first 300, 400 words, the in how you, how you introduce yourself. It teaches you the marketing, um, argument. It walks you through the process as well as, um, as well as the, how to put together what we call a sin offer, superior, irresistible, how no brainer, um, offer. And so you could see this on this particular page, I'm just showing you that this is online.

There are five stages to the E five method. I'm gonna teach you how to do the examination, all the research so you understand exactly what your prospects need to hear. I'm gonna teach you how to, how you do the examination with prospects, how you do it with competitors, and how you do it with the product. All, all the tools that we use to go through, I hold your hand in here, in the, in stage two, I teach you the engineering. This is where we engineer the idea, the hook, the angle for your message, the lead, the marketing argument, the unique mechanism, the segue into the offer, the offer.

This is then, right? This stage teaches you how you actually roll out that new campaign. The metrics that we look at, how we make decisions from those metrics. This is how we then optimize this to, to, to, uh, to turn this thing, um, into a grand slam winner. In other words, how you take the campaign and you dial it in to make it wildly profitable, and then expanding it is how you scale the, the heck outta this bad boy to, uh, to generate, um, sales, um, out the wazoo thing that I want you to understand.

There are some bonuses in here, some killer bonuses. Um, in here. There's a 30 day money back guarantee. This is what I want you to see that live right now on the, um, on the internet, um, is 1997, but here, right? $1,997 for the, uh, E five, uh, camp Masterclass.

He, we are doing a test tonight. So Paul Mosetta, um, is with me. He is right. He's a partner in the, the business. He's running a marketing test, and he convinced me to do a test for the E five masterclass one time only.

We've never done this before, right? For 3 97, that's it. You can get the entire E five CAMP masterclass for 3 97. We've never, ever, ever discounted it even remotely close to that, um, at all. It's online right now for 1997.

If you wanna learn how to have from a to ZA mechanism based marketing argument from A to Z, the most effective customer or client acquisition marketing model in a competitive, crowded, and saturated market, right? That, uh, you could get it. Now you get the E five CAMP masterclass, the entire masterclass for 3 97 go to this, um, URL. This is only available for you guys. Please do not share this URL with anybody else online.

Don't pass this along to your friends. And keep in mind that this is, um, this, the 3 97 is only available until Saturday at, uh, 11:59 PM Pacific Time. So this is Todd Brown, domy slash E 5 3 9 7. And so it is, it's for the full, this, there's nothing removed from this. The only thing, actually, let me be more accurate.

There's only one thing that's removed. There's only one thing that's different on this offer. So you get everything, everything, the whole nine, um, the, this bonus, this bonus, this bonus. Uh, the only thing that's not included is on this page. There is, I believe a year, uh, on is this bonus, which is not included with this offer.

That is a year of my weekly, um, marketing calls. And so this is not part of the discounted offer. Um, but, um, there you go. Um, and so there it is. I'm gonna go over here.

Uh, so let me see. So Carrie, uh, this, so I answered that. Mike said I was in Palm Beach when Todd launched E five Live. I paid full price, and it's easily the best money I ever spent. That's awesome, man.

So appreciate that. 3 9, 7 really is no-brainer offer. Thanks for the explanation. You are welcome. And so, yeah, there you, there you go.

You will not, I, I mean, I, I un, unless I don't know, I don't know the, I haven't asked Paul what the, um, criteria is for if we would do this again, or maybe do it at 6 97 or maybe just go back to the 1997. But for whatever reason, um, he said it, I agreed to it, and here we are. And so, um, there you go. So you can get the entire, uh, yeah, it is an insane value. Thank you, Jeremy.

And so if you've got questions, uh, now is the time to fire away. I'll take, you know, we'll take some questions. If not, hopefully I did a great job of answering all your, answering all your questions. Let me see if there are any questions. Uh, are there, here's, let's see.

Yeah, so Barbara, so, um, so yeah, you can ask questions in the, in the Facebook group. You can also, um, send over, uh, uh, uh, email to our support. Um, and certainly if you wanna work side by side with somebody, there's an option to upgrade to do that, um, as well. You don't need to do that at all. But if you wanna, if you wanna do it with somebody, like you could do it with Paul.

Uh, no, I don't believe the, I don't know. I don't believe John, there is no, there is no upsell. And Paul, you can correct me if I'm mistaken. Paul is on. You can jump in.

Uh, let me just see something. How do I, um, let me just see this. Hang on one second. Uh, Paul, you can, you are on, buddy. I brought you on like full, you know, you're on, if you're still with us, uh, I don't think that there is an upsell, right?

Yeah. Can you hear me, Todd? Yes. Yep. Yeah.

So there is, uh, there is an upsell, and that is, uh, if you want to have the opportunity to work with me, um, over a number of days to help build out the campaign with you. Oh, That's right. So that's available, but there's nothing, uh, there's nothing, in other words, there's nothing in the upsell that you need in order to do exactly what Todd showed you how to do on this training. So everything that you need is in the E five masterclass. If you want a little extra help from me, that option will be available.

But everything that you need is in this masterclass. Yeah. And that's, so that's the, so, uh, oh man, I'm terrible with names, and so I so apologize. Ra ra, rajesh, um, it, this is self-study. If you write, this is self-study on your own, you get access to this for life.

There's also, I mentioned there's 30 day, you know, no questions asked. A hundred percent money back guarantee, right? So you can go through the whole thing if you want, and you're either blown away, love it, see exactly what it is that I said, uh, it's gonna do for you. Or you can just send one email and you'll, you'll get your money back if you want to do it with somebody, which I don't wanna, I don't, you know, I, that's knowing what I, that's what I would do. I would buy, I what the, the, the, the, the, I would buy the, the training.

I would buy the training. I would take advantage, I would take advantage of the offer to work with, um, Paul, I would go through the training first, and then I would work with Paul. The reason why I say that is because you're gonna learn it, and then you're gonna get to have it done with you. And so seeing it in action, um, and how Paul does it for you, not only will you end up with a, a phenomenal campaign much quicker, but you'll see the things that you learned in there, um, you know, um, done. And so, uh, there you go, Barbara.

I love it. Summertime school, nothing more valuable than, uh, than upgrading yourself. And so kudos. Um, sure, Jeremy, I can absolutely do that. Jeremy's so nice.

He's telling me that he's, he's saying that not for him. He's saying that for, 'cause Jeremy is an an, an E five wizard himself. This is the link, right? Yeah. There you go.

And so, uh, he's doing that for me. And so thank you so much for that, Jeremy. Um, so John asked, is the other bonus available as an upsell? You can get it, we can send you a link, um, for how to get that. Uh, I think it's also available.

You can, you can, uh, subscribe to get those, the recordings of the internal calls that I do with, um, our team. I do a call every week, every Tuesday, uh, early afternoon with our own team, uh, and we make those recordings available for folks. And so we could certainly send you that offer to take advantage of it. It's not an upsell in here, but if you really, uh, you want that, um, we can get you that as well. And so, is this US centric or focused internationally?

It's not us. It has nothing to do with this is, so today, uh, today, I would say that the E five method, the, the having a mechanism based marketing argument, lead idea offer, this whole process is used in, I think we've got clients in something like 76 different countries. And it's, you know, something like well over 315 different verticals, markets, and arenas. And so it doesn't matter where you, you know, where you are, are operating, it doesn't matter the marketplace that you're in, right? This is a way to ensure that your marketplace immediately sees that you have something different and better.

They understand what makes it different and better. Um, and they see it as the smart and wise choice for them to invest in. And so it doesn't matter where you are, um, located. Uh, uh, okay, so there you go. So I see that Jeremy's helping me out.

He said, uh, he's not seeing it. That's 'cause I posted it to only the panelists. The people that don't need the link are the ones that I posted it with in chat. Now. Everybody should be able to see the link in the, um, in the chat.

Thank you so much, Jeremy. And so, um, there you go. So any other, any, any questions, any questions about what it is that I covered, um, tonight? Um, so this is really more so look, I I would say that this is definitely more, more front end focused, right? Um, yeah, hopefully it all went smooth with the recording and we'll send out a replay, um, you know, tomorrow morning, I think John.

And so stay tuned, um, for that. Uh, but this is really front end focused because there the backend should be when it, when the front end is done, right? You're welcome, John. The backend should be in infinitely easier than this. The front end, right?

Is the hardest part of any direct response driven business. It's the hardest part, it's the most expensive part, and it's the part that most people struggle with. Most people do not struggle with growing and scaling their business because they're struggling on the backend. Most are struggling because they're struggling to be able to acquire enough new buyers at scale within KPI. Um, and so, um, so yeah, so it, this is, this is definitely much.

This, this will solve your front end acquisition problem. And once you solve the front end acquisition problem, the backend should be significantly easier because you've already got, remember, the back end is now your marketing to existing customers, clients, people that have trust, people that have a relationship with you, people that have experienced that you fulfill on your promises. When you, when you say your product does X, they got to see that it does X and hopefully more than that. And so the back end, especially marketing campaigns are infinitely less complex than the, than the front end. Once you nail the front end, you, you'll be off to the races.

Like I said, in all the years that I've been doing this, and over 20 years that I've been in the direct response world, I've never seen somebody struggle to grow their business because they, um, because the backend, they, I've always seen them struggle because of the front end. Uh, because they've struggled to acquire enough buyers, enough buyers, consistently enough buyers at the right cost, right? Where, where, in other words, you know, let's say they weren't going negative on the front end. All those things, when you are acquiring the right amount of buyers consistently, um, at the right metrics, and you can scale that, you, you'll, your, you'll, you'll, like, your life will never be the same. Your life will never be the same.

You solve that one thing, right? Which is exactly what the E five method is all about. Um, uh, uh, what was I gonna say? Um, yeah, that'll be a game changer for you. So Joe asked, what's the biggest difference in unique mechanism in 2025 and 2024?

So there's nothing, there's nothing different about the principle of the unique mechanism in 2025 compared to 2024. What is, um, what is different is that there are more and more people attempting to use a unique mechanism, um, or introducing a unique mechanism in their marketing and are really introducing a faux mechanism in their marketing, um, which has now changed what prospects expect and, and kind of demand to see in a marketing message. Meaning that you almost, you know, in crowded and saturated markets where there are a lot of people attempting to use a unique mechanism, whether it's a full mechanism or, you know, or on the rare occasion they're using a, a legit unique mechanism, or a student, you know, a client of mine, um, or whatnot, um, there's no way that you can compete effectively, do it well, uh, or almost no way without a unique mechanism. And so then the option becomes, you either roll out with a foam mechanism or you do it the right way and you clean house, and you just clean up. And, um, and that's what you're gonna learn how to do.

And so, hope that answers that question. Joe Les said, can you reassure that the E five method can be useful for those not yet at, at the online marketing level yet, but are more used to direct contact with clients? Your comment on Peter Drucker was very revealing, so I'm not really sure what you mean. Like, look, I, I would say that, you know, I think, look, I think I think the E five method, uh, you know, I think the E five method is a wildly smart move, certainly for advanced marketers and, you know, and, and marketers that, that have been in the game for a long time. I think it's an even smarter move for novice folks that are just learning marketing so that you don't learn the mistakes so that you don't get, so that you don't buy into the, the stuff that is just no longer, um, effective.

See, the beauty is for, for what it's worth, guys, right? And I, I didn't wanna share this at the beginning, but I'll just share this. See, what makes me personally unique, right? And, and how this method came about is, is that I, my journey was very weird in that early on, right? So I've been doing this for, you know, for, uh, you know, for over two decades now.

Um, and I had one foot in the online marketing world, and I was fortunate that I wa I knew I got, I got to know the best of the best in the online marketing world, and I knew what was working really well in the online marketing world, and what, what really wasn't working well. And at the same time, I had another foot in the, uh, behemoth direct response publishing arena with companies like, um, Agora, the Agora companies, um, and Motley Fool and whatnot, the, the, the companies that were publishing, you know, financial newsletters, alternative health newsletters. And I got to see the best of what they were doing and what was working there, and what also wasn't working well. And what I ultimately did was I got to see the best of both worlds and the gaps in both worlds. And I got to bring the best of the best together into one, um, into one system.

And so, and that system became the E five method. And so it's what makes it wildly unique in that this has worked for years. It's got a monster track record, and it's not only still working today, it's even more valuable today than ever before because markets are even more saturated, more crowded, more sophisticated, and this methodology shines in that arena. Whereas the others, like I said, you, you go with a benefit driven sales letter, that's everybody and their brothers doing that. They're, and they're using similar benefit statements.

They're saying the same thing. Everything feels so similar. You see ads today where I'll get you 12 clients, or you pay nothing, and you see a dozen of them, right? And there's no difference. It becomes like, let me throw a dart at the right.

And more and more markets, niches and verticals are beginning to, um, to operate the, um, the same way where every products offers. Marketing is beginning to sound more and more alike. And so I would say, Les, that if you are looking to understand how to effectively market without having to have direct contact with clients, right, where you're not looking to have to get on the phone, um, and whatnot, um, what was I gonna say? Um, then, uh, then the answer is yes, absolutely. Um, absolutely this is a smart move for you because there is no better system, right?

And you'll, you get to see, you'll get to see it yourself, and you have 30 days to, to let it prove itself to you. And if not, just send one email and you'll get all your money back, man. And so, hope that, uh, hope that helps. Um, uh, Guillermo, uh, this is a crazy deal, and I have to end near everything Todd's put out. He does.

He's such a good dude. He's been around for a long time. Um, and so, uh, what do you think about the future of traditional book marketing? Well, I think that it depends on what you mean by traditional book marketing. Barbara, if you're talking about, um, do I think that, you know, do I think that, uh, you know, let's say, you know, sending to a long form, uh, page that sells a book for, you know, $9 or free plus shipping, do I think that, you know, that those will continue to be, um, effective, uh, like physical?

I, I don't think, yeah. Okay. That's what you mean. Like physical books published, like, uh, yeah. I don't, I don't think that, that, I I think that we'll continue to see books published that way.

I don't think that, that the physical, you know, the, the, the, the major publishing houses are going anywhere, anytime soon. Uh, I think they will at some point, but not, I don't think they will, uh, personally in my lifetime. Um, and so, but they will at some point, as the younger generation who's used to Kindle and everything digital, um, you know, begins to poo poo the idea of physical books. Obviously, you can tell what I like. Uh, I hate reading on a Kindle, and I don't read on a Kindle.

And so, um, I like physical books, so I don't think they're going anywhere. That said, I do think that the direct response approach to book marketing is absolutely going to change because of the cost of media. Meaning the cost of the cost to get a visitor from Facebook ads, from YouTube ads. The cost is getting, um, is getting so high in some markets that you, you, you, you have to be the type of business or have the type of business where you can go, if you're selling a book on the front, negative on the front to acquire a customer because of the cost of media. See, when I first started, like when I first started years ago, um, when I first started, uh, many moons ago, uh, we could run Google AdWords ads and we could pay 20 cents a click, 18 cents a click for certain keyword terms.

Today, those same keyword terms to get a click are $4 and 50 cents, right? And so you, if you're selling an $8 book and you're paying $4 and 50 cents per visitor, let's say you're economically, you're not gonna make that campaign. You're not gonna, you're not gonna operate at break even, or even remotely close to break even on that campaign. And so that's the, that's gonna change. And so, um, and so, uh, yeah, so hope that makes sense.

Uh, John said, seems like branding, using E five education marketing to bring value will no doubt turbocharge the process. I think that, you know, it, it turbocharges the process, but maybe for a slightly different reason, John. So I think, you know, it, it turbo like, look, it, it is, you know, it is, first of all, I lo I love educating, I'm an educator at heart. And so if I can accomplish my marketing goals through education, which is what I saw, how the big publishers, the big financial and alternative health publishers were creating their campaigns, their camp, some of their campaigns were so, felt so valuable from an education perspective that I wanted to save them. But really what they were doing was they were educating you and informing you in a way where it just made the unique mechanism that much more desirable.

And by the end of the, the message, right? Like, you're right. Like you, you've, you've left the prospect with no other choice, but to be like, I get it. I see it. Thank you, John.

I want, I want your thing. Um, and so they're pre-sold going into the offer. And so I think it, it, it turbocharges, you know, things because of that, it turbocharges because of the, it, it converts at a much higher rate when you follow this methodology because people go into the offer pre-sold, right? Their sales reactance resistance is much lower with this type of marketing approach, because it's not a sales pitch at all. You're, you're educating them on a different and better way to get the, get the result they want.

You're also creating an all roads lead to you right path. So there is, right? Like, so, you know, you're creating more excitement and more value for something that, that they could only get from you. So there is no chance of losing, um, a sale, um, to anybody else, right? You're not like it like years ago, many, many moons ago, so before, many, many moons ago, I used to work with chiropractors and one of, check this out, this is a great lesson.

And so just hang tight. We're gonna, we're gonna wrap up in, in 10 minutes, I promise. And then you guys will be outta here. But listen to this, 'cause this should be a valuable lesson for you guys. And so, uh, I worked years ago with chiropractors helping them to grow their, their practice.

And I was teaching them a form of this even back then, because what a lot of chiropractors would do is they would do these lunch and learns where they would bring people in, serve 'em lunch, and then they would teach 'em, right? And they would educate them them, right? And what were they educating them on? They were teaching them about chiropractic care and how great chiropractic care is, and what chiropractic care does to the body, and how it alleviates pain and blah, blah, blah and all this kind of stuff, right? That's what they were doing now, right?

What were they do listen to me based on what it is that you learned tonight, you should now recognize, right? What those chiropractors were doing, were they, all they were doing was getting people sold or selling people on the idea of a commodity chiropractic care, right? They were selling people on what makes chiropractic care great and healthy for them. And so how many of those people were like, thank you so much, Dr. Bob, you opened my eyes, you know, to how great chiropractic care is.

I know, uh, a guy, Dr. Steve, I'm gonna go to him or thank you. There's, there's a, there's a chiropractor closer to my house up the road, right over there, or thank you so much. There's a chiropractor who isn't cash based, but he takes insurance. I'm gonna go to him or thank you.

I'll now look to see who's the most convenient chiropractor. See, what they, what I taught them to do was, I said, your job isn't to sell people on chiropractic care. Your job is to sell people on chiropractic care with you, right? And what makes chiropractic care with you different, unique, special, and better, right? Like, so why should they be willing to drive an extra five minutes or 10 minutes to get to you?

Why should they be willing, right? What is, what is different and better about your chiropractic care compared to everybody else's? That's the difference between, right? Like selling people on a commodity versus selling people on a unique mechanism that is only offered by you. And that's what we want.

We want it only by you, right? We want to, we wanna eliminate the apples to apples comparison. We want everything to become an apples to oranges comparison, right? It's like if you look at the E five method, which you'll learn in the E five masterclass, right? I'm not teaching you how to improve your current funnel.

I'm not te I'm teaching you a unique methodology that you cannot learn anywhere else that replaces what it is that you are doing now that will get you better, faster, more reliable results in terms of customer client acquisition than anything else you've tried. That's ultimately the same thing that we're going to do in create for, um, for you. And so, um, there you go. Uh, as always, you've delivered on your promise to help us energize the power of our persuasion engine. Awesome.

Love hearing that Bill. Um, Mo said, uh, Mo said, where do you think the how to info marketing business is heading with the rise of ai? How to info is more abundant than ever, but it's also so easy to ask AI to connect the dots and analyze specific scenarios, context. Yeah, great question. I think, you know, um, and there are a lot smarter people in this arena than I am, uh, on, on my team.

I think Paul could probably give a better answer than I could here, certainly Teddy Garcia, our, our tech dude can give a, um, a, a better answer. I'll tell you that. I think that what it's going to do is what's going to become more valuable, more and more valuable with information, um, are are a couple things, are tools, support and community. And so, right, they're gonna become that much more essential. And I would say that tools specifically are going to become really, um, that much more valuable because we have the ability, like we have the ability to create custom, unique tools to help people implement and execute on our unique methodology.

And so I, I think that that's where I think because information is going to be accessible on a deeper level, uh, with chat GPT and whatnot, I think it's the tools to implement, execute. I think the, the, the guidance handholding, uh, tools, um, and community, uh, which will never be, be replaced by ai, uh, will become that much more valuable. And so there you go. And so hope that is, uh, you got it. Awesome.

Awesome, Les, appreciate it from New Zealand. Love it. There you go. Uh, like I said, if you guys, uh, wanna get the E five masterclass at the lowest discount we've ever offered this thing at, ever, it's never been even remotely close to this. Um, you can get it, uh, Todd brown.me/e 5 3 9 7.

This, this discount is available until Saturday night, um, at 11:59 PM um, Pacific time. And then that's it. It gets yanked if all went well with the recording. We, we will, uh, we will send out a replay tomorrow. So if you missed the beginning of this, you can check that out.

I think that, look, if you are put, put me to the test, put me to the test. You like, put me to the test. I guarantee, like, put me to the test. I, I would tell you, sign up tonight, grab the E five masterclass, start going through it. Look at the depth of, um, of what you, you get with this.

Go through the whole thing, use it, implement it. And you're either thrilled, blown away by what this does for you, or just send one email and you'll get your money back like no questions asked. No nonsense, no hemming and han. And so, um, I love it, Barbara. Go grab, go grab a Red Bull right now.

Um, I love it. Well, I love it. Love hanging out with you guys. It was awesome, um, doing this. Um, I had a blast.

Uh, I hope you guys got massive value. Uh, God bless you guys and I can't wait to hear your stories about um, E five and chat with you in the group. And so there you go guys and gals. That's all she wrote. Go Todd brown.me/e 5 3 9 7, go grab the E five masterclass.

You're gonna love it. Take care guys. See y'all.
