---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-16 13:00:44"
date: 2025-06-16
duration: 50m
duration_seconds: 3003
vimeo_id: 1093729525
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-16 13:00:44

**Date:** 2025-06-16 | **Duration:** 50m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, guys? Happy Monday. Happy Monday. Good to see you guys. Hope you got, you guys.

Have a good weekend. Anybody do anything special? I go to the beach for everything with my kids, And that's it. Yeah. And what do you guys big you surf for anything?

Oh my gosh. No, I can't do that. I got a 6-year-old, a 3-year-old and a, like a six or eight, uh, sorry, eight or nine month old. Yeah, she's about to turn nine months. Um, so no, You got your hands full.

They just beat me up. That's literally it. WW all the time. Yeah. Oh my goodness.

All right. Uh, and how about you, Brian? Do you anything special this weekend? I'm back here. I'm back home here in Ireland, Todd.

So just the family stuff. All right. Good, good, good. And Michael, how about you? Anything special?

No, super sore. Still sore? Yeah. Okay. All right.

Yeah. Um, alright, so, uh, so what we're gonna do today is, so I'm still waiting for feedback from the GM on all of the, um, she is wealthy stuff. I'm hoping that I can get that back from him, uh, by Midafternoon. And then maybe we'll have an opportunity to go through, uh, go through it tomorrow. Maybe we'll see.

So if not tomorrow, later on in, in the week. But I want to, what I wanna do, and this may be a shorter call for us than, um, typical, but what I wanna do is I wanna talk about, so actually Brian, we're gonna switch gears for one second. And rather than do the, we're gonna, we're gonna put the, the paper flipping paydays alternative on hold for one for, for, for a bit. And we're gonna actually work on the larger promotion for the accelerator. And the accelerator is.

And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna share my screen here. Uh, we share my screen and so, all right, and then I'll, I'll share a couple things in just a minute. So the accelerator, as you guys know, is the Real Estate with God coaching program. This is our high ticket program. Uh, that up until, actually up until this upcoming launch.

And when, when, let me, let me back up actually. So the Real Estate with God Accelerator, uh, has been a program that we roll out in cohorts multiple times a year. So I believe that these guys have rolled it out, uh, on average two times a year. They've done that for the last, uh, I think two, two years. Uh, so yeah, so 2024, I believe it was twice, uh, 2023, I believe it was twice, might have actually been three times in 2023.

And so they'll roll it out, and then they will, uh, they'll close it. And actually, let me give you some full, full context on this. So this is a $10,000 program. It was, uh, $10,000 and it was six. It ran for six months.

And part of the six month Real estate with God accelerator is, they got the, they got the training, they got the coaching, they got a live, uh, they got, I guess Brian's joining under a different, uh, they got, I'll keep going. So they got, uh, training, they got coaching, they got, uh, a live, uh, I believe a live three day bootcamp in-person bootcamp in Orlando, where Todd and the team, uh, took them out to act to homes, going, you know, like taking these, you know, real estate tours, going through, looking at properties, um, all of that kind of stuff. And they got the, um, the software. Uh, so part of the Real Estate with God accelerator program is a piece of software that they got access to that identified properties. It helped them to find, you know, find, um, properties.

And so I believe, if I remember correctly, and it's not important right now, but they got, they got six months of the, uh, of the real estate with God software. Um, they got the real estate with God, um, community. We could actually, as a matter of fact, might as well. Let's do this. Let's take a look just as a refresher, um, on this.

We'll take a look at what else I'm missing. And so the way that, uh, as I'm bringing this up, the way that this has been sold, Let's just see something here. Yeah. So we'll go, we'll go through this. So the accelerator, so six months of live coaching and mentorship, weekly, weekly Zoom sessions, uh, that would dive into the, um, the content and also give people the opportunity to ask whatever questions they have, um, about the content.

Full three day, um, bootcamp. This is exactly what I was talking about. Where, um, in person, um, going on, not only there, it was like, um, half training, so half inside, uh, also kind of taking the, the, the training material, uh, that they get in here, uh, and condensing it into three days plus combined with going out into the field, uh, and actually looking at properties and, and walking through properties to understand what are good deals, right? All with a, you know, all with, um, Todd and the, um, and the coaching team. Uh, these were, these happened on the same weekend.

And so there's this kind of, this three day bootcamp, and there's this in the trenches, um, uh, property tour thing, um, private, excuse me, support channel, um, slack channel, excuse me. And this is right specifically for, um, like deals. And so when you've got deals, if you've got questions about the deal, if you've got questions about, you know, uh, if you need, if they need help with, uh, negotiating on a deal, what they should bid, what they shouldn't bid, um, on a particular property, um, all of that, uh, goes through Slack. And this is, it is handled by Todd and the coaching team. So in addition to Todd Dotson, who is the real estate with God expert, the, the fa the brand, if you the face of the brand, he also has, I believe it is three or four, um, real estate with God coaches that he's personally trained over the years that he brought with him to real estate with God.

And it was part of our arrangement with Todd a couple years ago when we, uh, when we partnered with him and brought him aboard. And so they get access to this, this, uh, slack channel that is again, uh, managed by Todd and his, um, and his coaching team. They get this 30 day, uh, jumpstart, uh, which is basically a training program that Todd Dotson put together with Chris Losie, our director of operations, um, in all of wealth with God. They did a 30 day, like step-by-step blueprint of, um, of how to go from just starting to doing your first deal, like what to do, uh, the entire way. So from a, you know, kind of speed first deal, uh, kind of thing.

That's what's covered here. Uh, they get the, uh, the, the, the community. So this is all the other people in the real estate with God accelerator. They get to interact with all that kind of, um, jazz. They get that software that I mentioned that ultimately finds them the, um, the properties.

Uh, it could do it both in their local geographic area as well as outside of their geographic area. The value of that outside of their geographic area is that part of the system that Todd teaches is Todd does teach them how to potentially, uh, do it without looking at, without actually visiting, um, the properties. Um, and so that's one of the paths. And so some people have, you know, done deals without ever speaking to people. They just, they're through texting and then sending over the, um, agreement and whatnot.

Um, and then there is this, um, done for you, uh, document library. This is basically the, um, the contract or contracts. There's a different type of contract for different types of real estate deals, but these are Todd's, uh, you know, design contracts, uh, based on his approach to, um, to doing these deals. As well as, um, you know, if you need, folks need scripts about, uh, scripts for how do you reach out to somebody, what do you say on the first phone call, you know, when you're interested in a property, um, all that as well as marketing templates. So one of the things, one of the ways that he teaches one of the real estate methods, uh, it's a real, very manual labor kind of process that he teaches, um, which is, you know, like putting up, uh, you know, flags on the, on that, on the home, like, you know, house for sale, um, kind of thing.

Um, and so he's got a whole methodology, and so he gives them the templates and the stuff that they would need over, uh, over, over here. Uh, there's an entire, um, training, you know, so the, the real estate with God fast track as we call it, is actually the training program from the video program from inside of the, um, accelerator. In addition to that fast track or, you know, all of those videos, there's a whole bunch of additional, um, training that they get inside. So how to do land, and, um, and, you know, and all this, and I'm gonna, I'll give you guys access to all of this stuff so that you can, um, you can see it. There are these, um, these, uh, real estate mindset calls.

These are just about like, uh, which is a monthly call, and it's really just, you know, mindset psychology of, uh, you know, not just kingdom focused, but you know, specifically real estate focused. And, uh, overcoming, you know, o overcoming hangups, all that stuff just related to, uh, to being successful with this. Uh, and so you could see the, over here, you could see the way that it was done last time. So what they've done in what we've done in the past is we've done a $2,500 deposit, and then, uh, and then they, somebody would, somebody would reach out to them, uh, reach out to them to get the rest within 48 hours, uh, $2,500 deposit, and then the option of five payments of 1897, or they could make one additional payment of 74 97. So bringing this to, um, to 10 grand over here, 9, 9, 9, 7 over here.

The interesting thing, so the, the interesting thing, oh, by the way, couple things. There was a, there, lemme just see if it's on this. So let me back up. The reason, so when we've rolled, when, when these guys have rolled this out in the past, and I've seen them roll this out twice when these guys have rolled this out in the past, as crazy as this sounds, they've done this with a, um, webinar. And so basically what they, what they've done is they did a very, a very weird, uh, a very weird, they would do a webinar.

So they would do a typical kind of registration, uh, process, you know, three, four, um, days to register folks for the webinar. Then they would run the webinar, uh, and they would typically run the webinar live. And then, like, they would do, let's say the next day, they would do a live kind of replay where meaning it was like, sort of like a, they referred to it as like a watch party where you would jump on, and it would be Jim and Todd Dotson live, just reading everybody. And then they would say, Hey, we're gonna, we're gonna now watch this training together. And then they would play the, you know, the, the, the recording.

Um, and then they would come back in the end for live q and a. And they did that a number of times after the original, um, live webinar was done. So let's say the live webinar was done on Wednesday. They might do a, you know, a replay, a live replay, um, Thursday night. They then might do some sort of live thing on, you know, same thing on Saturday, then the following week on, you know, Monday, or, you know, they might do like a live q and a, um, you know, session with them, uh, j jump on.

And then, you know, when the thing, when the cart closed on Wednesday, let's say they would do another like fireside chat. It was very strange how they did it. They did it that way. Uh, I think largely because at the time, the GM of real estate with God was a gentleman, I mentioned him the other day, Francis, uh, Ebola, who spent a very long time in the real estate, um, industry, uh, like I mentioned, you know, kind of grew up in the industry with Ron Lagrande and like an origi, like an o He's, he was with the OGs of the real estate world, and he became very good at selling from the stage, selling from the platform. And so he really kind of put everything through that filter.

Um, and because he was good at selling from the platform, selling from the state, selling on webinar, all that, um, and he wasn't nearly as good with the, on the copy side of things. Um, that's what he focused on. The thing was the, the, the weird thing, right? So you guys follow me so far. Like that's what Francis had when, you know, Francis was in charge of these launches.

And because Francis' area of strength was webinars, selling from the stage, that sort of thing. That's how he built the real estate with God launches. Uh, the, the, and ironically, they worked, right? They worked and they worked really well. Uh, they, you know, they, they were all, uh, with the exception of the last one, which I'll walk you through in just a second.

They were all seven figure, um, seven figure launches. And so with no sales team, so there was no sales team, right? So these guys were pitching at the end of the webinar, and then people would go to an order form and they would put in their, their deposit of 2,500, um, into the order form. Um, or some people would request customer support, just call them directly. Uh, like on the webinar, they would say, can somebody reach out to me in the, in the, in the chat?

'cause we always had a, a, a couple of, of customer support people, two or three support people on chat live during each of those, um, sessions. Um, you know, but after the people gave their $2,500 deposits, somebody would reach, would reach out to them and then process the rest of their, um, the rest of their, um, the rest of their payment. And, uh, and it worked. But, but there was, you know, it, it worked. I'm not sure why it worked.

In other words, you know, I don't know if, you know, look in the, in the spirit of transparency for one second, I'm not sure, and this is all important, this is context, right? So that you guys understand how we got to where we are now and why we're going to, we're gonna do something similar for this that we just did with, um, she is wealthy. Uh, you know, there was very little, if any, input on the delivery of the, the webinar itself. And so if you guys haven't seen, if anybody hasn't seen the webinar, the original Real Estate with God accelerator webinar, I'm gonna, I'll send it to you guys so that you can see it. I'm gonna send you all the stuff.

I'm gonna put it on a document and send it to you later today just so that you can start digging in. Um, but there was, it was really kind of left to Todd Dotson, and it was, you know, it, it worked, but it was, wow, like, I was surprised as I told you guys that, that it, that it worked. I don't know, honestly, and this is one of the things that I'm still, I'm still trying to wrap my head around a little bit. So obviously you guys know, I started really, uh, so we partnered with, with Wealth with God, uh, I don't know, two years ago I didn't have anything to do with, um, with it. Damien, my business partner, uh, was really running it with without any input from me until December of 2024.

And so at the end of December, 2024, um, I came in and really started reviewing all the copy and, and whatnot. Um, and seeing what they were doing, and, and quickly, fairly quickly, I saw we needed, we needed you guys, uh, to really help out, uh, wealth with God. Um, I don't know if there was pent up demand, and if that's where the initial pop came from, because we grew, in all fairness, Damien really grew wealth with God pretty darn quickly. And so, right, like it, like from a million bucks to I think 8 million bucks in, you know, less than 18 months or something like that. Um, and a big part of that was right, just making more offers.

But I don't know how much of the, uh, original pop from real estate with God from any of the offers for that matter, was really pent up demand. What I can tell you is that we have seen a decline in the response to the real estate with God offer, um, every time we've rolled it out. And so a big part of that was that we weren't, you know, certainly we weren't nearly as aggressive as we're, as we're attempting to be right now on the front end. So in other words, we weren't adding huge quantities of people to the file. And so the bulk of the file were people that had seen it, had seen it, had seen it.

And so of course, right, uh, you know, we're, we're gonna see a, um, uh, uh, a decline in in response. So last time, I'll show you this. So last launch, um, we decided to do something, um, do something wildly different than what it is that we, um, we did before. Um, and we decided to run a multi-part video series, um, a multi-part video series, kind of typical Jeff Walker style launch to change it up. The thought process was, um, and this was, I believe in January.

So this was, yeah, so this was January 21st, this started. Um, and so what we did was we, so Francis was still the GM at the time, and so he scripted out, um, he scripted out four videos. And what we did was we sent out, you know, we got a, a, like a cool Airbnb for them, you know, sent out the video, the AV crew, you know, filmed it. It was all scripted. And so, you know, there was teleprompter or teleprompters, um, involved.

Um, I'll, again, I'm gonna include all these videos for you guys to, um, to watch. So you could see the problem was, was that, you know, again, and this is Francis is amazing at what he does, right? Selling, you know, webinars from the stage, but again, copy wasn't his strong suit. So he wrote the scripts for this, and they weren't really, um, they, they weren't really done the way that I would've done them for a part launch. Like, um, it was, it was almost like the webinar just delivered over a handful of videos rather than, you know, rather than building an, an argument in a case for, um, for, you know, Todd Todd's meth methodology.

And so this did not do well. And so this, I believe, um, uh, could have done, uh, man, I'm not, I'm not even sure it could have done 50 units, maybe, um, 55 units, something like that. So, uh, you know, so half a million dollars maybe, um, when, again, we were doing, you know, a million, a million and a half, I think the first launch, 2 million. Um, and so, yeah, not, not great. So what we decided to do was we decided that we were, for this next launch, we were going to go back to what, what we did in the past, the webinar, just do it better.

And what I mean in this context, by I do it better, is a couple things. Number one is that, um, we're going to do something similar. We're actually gonna do exactly what we did with, she is wealthy, but for these guys in terms of give them a webinar outline to follow, a structure to follow, um, and, uh, really make sure that we put together and think through the argument for this, right? That makes people see why this is a tremendous opportunity. You know, Todd, as you'll see when you watch, uh, when you, when you see Todd's webinar, he really was just showing, you know, example after example, after example of, of his core like methodology.

And, and so there was very little, like he, he was just showing example after example, after example, after example, after example, right? And giving some additional explanation in there. There was no underlying argument of why you can do this, of why it'll work for you, of why this is the best way of why you don't need experience. Of all the stuff that you know, that Keith did a tremendous job of doing with she is wealthy, all that was basically absent from, um, from this. And so what I want, I want us to do is I want us to put together a rock solid, you know, argument, and it's gonna take a little work and I'll explain why in, in just a minute.

Uh, put together an outline and then again, put together from, you know, put together an outline, put together a sales page, copy, uh, put together, um, order form, copy, and then of course all the, all of the, um, the emails and the slide deck, um, copy. So, right. And then we'll have a new, um, slide deck designed for them, which is another thing that Todd's slide deck was looked like something outta the eighties. Um, and so he was just super comfortable with it, right? And so, uh, horrifying, uh, um, and so that is where we're at.

And so that's what I, and I want you guys and what I wanna just chat with you guys about, uh, Michael, you're gonna do the, um, we're gonna have you do the, uh, all the emails again, and it's gonna be somewhat similar, little bit more than she is wealthy, I think two more than she is wealthy, but it's gonna be very similar to the, the she is wealthy type of, um, emails. Uh, but what I wanna talk through is I wanna talk through, um, how to divide, how to divide this up, meaning, uh, meaning Keith, you know, Brian, I want you to really own it and I want Keith to, um, to help, maybe Keith will do the, which we'll talk through, maybe Keith does the offer portion, um, and you do the argument portion, um, something like that. But I really want to, um, to talk through that. Let me bring up, let me just do wanna share, and again, I'm gonna put this, all this stuff, a bunch of stuff into a, uh, a Google doc, but I wanna share, so this, God, we might have covered this in the past, but are the new leads on the house house file primarily coming through the lead magnets, like the books? Is that, Um, yeah, so they primarily, yes, the bulk are coming through the bulk, so I to answer, so yes, they're coming through the books, but not, they're, they're, they're buyers, but they're low ticket buyers, right?

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So most are, are are those people? Yes.

No, right now there are no, and haven't been for, um, many months, any, any kind of lead magnet, so no freebie offers out there. That's what I was wondering. Yeah. How, how warm the, the new audience is that hasn't been exposed. Yeah.

I mean, there, you know, there's not, you know, there's not a cra you know, there's not 50,000 on the list that, you know, new, um, new folks since, but there's, you know, there's thousands of new mm-hmm. Of new folks on the list. Um, so yeah. Okay. So our, our, so for this July 3rd, so the promo actually begins, Lemme see this.

Oh, okay, so, so The seventh, Eighth, ninth, is that Right? So, I'm sorry. Yeah, there's a date wrong. There's the, so the dates are a little off on this, the promo calendar, but so the, this promo, so our stuff is due July 3rd, so right, today's June 16th. So we have until July 3rd to complete this.

We're not gonna wait until, right. So we're gonna, what we're, what I'm gonna do is make some suggestions on the document that I send you later for first draft, um, and so on, because right July 3rd is the, is the due date on this, which means that by then we want to have the gm, uh, we want them to have had the chance to review, give feedback, all our updates and edits need to be done, all of that. So I'm going to, um, put some suggested dates, uh, on the document for us that we look at in terms of first draft, second draft, and, um, and so on. The promotion then actually begins on July 7th. Now, what they're doing is, for this promo is, and I'll get you this document as well, is we're doing, we're releasing some, um, content before the webinar with, um, with Jim.

So Jim is gonna be doing, uh, uh, like three lives, I believe, one on Monday, one on Tuesday, when one on Wednesday, people are gonna get to register for that, um, for, and it's being called, lemme just see something. Hang on one second. Um, I think it is, they're, they're calling it, I think it's something like, uh, real Estate with God, um, breakthrough Week, something, uh, hang on one second. Yeah, Sec. So, yeah, let me just, I'm just trying to give you guys, you know, some initial, you know, context before you get this stuff.

So stuff's not, not crazy confusing. So they're working on, right, this is like the initial, the very first, this isn't gonna be it, but there's Kingdom Wealth Breakthrough Week, that's what they're calling it. And so starting on July 7th, and so July 7th is right, they're gonna, they're gonna register, um, they're gonna register for it, uh, yeah, they're gonna register for it. Um, and then they're on that Monday, there's gonna be a piece of content. Tuesday, there's gonna be a piece of content, and Wednesday there's gonna be a piece of content.

And, uh, you'll see when I send this to you later, that the first piece of content that is being, um, that's being released for this, the Breakthrough Week, is like head stuff. Like, you know, like what it means to be a, you know, a Kingdom minded Christian ha, right? Like, um, you know, uh, overcoming a lot of their kind of potential objections or issues related to, you know, to, to money and whatnot. Um, and then the second piece of content is like, related to wealth building for Christians and how, right? And how God uses, you know, um, believers finances, and how we want to align our finances with the Lord and what that means, right?

All of that. So kind of addressing their, their first addressing their concerns, issues, objections to just money in general. Next, right? What, you know, what the, the biblical stance on wealth and, uh, and and whatnot. And then the third training Wednesday is about the three wealth paths that Jim recommends, which is, right, business paper and real estate.

And they're, they're gonna focus on, obviously, real estate and building it up. And then we're gonna go into, um, the, um, on Thursday, the Real Estate with God webinar, and that's when they'll do the webinar live, uh, for, um, for everybody that registered for the Breakthrough Week. So let me just go back one second, and again, if I'm, uh, if I'm confusing you guys, I apologize, but so, uh, so we're having this, you know, uh, uh, breakthrough Week seventh, people are gonna register for it. We're gonna get them to register for it. Seventh, eighth, ninth.

Uh, they're going to, um, roll out those three pieces of, of content. It's actually gonna be done live, live, live stream. When people register for that, for that breakthrough week, they're gonna get sent to a Facebook group. The lives are going to be, um, put through the Facebook group. They're also gonna be emailed out to, to the people that register.

We call the people that register the hot list, right? So what's gonna happen is Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, they're gonna watch this content, and then everybody on the hot list is going to, um, be driven to the, the extra webinar training on, um, on Thursday night. Then what's gonna happen is, after that webinar on Thursday night, on Friday, we're gonna roll out a, we're gonna roll out the replay for everybody on the hot list that missed it. And what we're gonna do is we're going to now then go back to the House file and invite the House file to attend another webinar on Saturday. That webinar on Saturday is going to be a, excuse me, is going to be a replay of the, of the live webinar.

And so we're not looking to have them do another, another live webinar, and you'll understand why in just a, in just a couple of minutes. So, in other words, what's gonna happen is, right, is we're go, we're building a hot list for the Breakthrough Week, content gets released. The reason why we're releasing content is because we just, we found, which is pretty obvious, that the better people know Jim, the more they trust him, the more they jump at everything he rolls out. Obviously, it's crazy when we look at the, and, and this is one of the things that we're still kind of learning as we, um, as we scale the business, to this goes to your question, Keith, uh, a little bit, is what, what we found is that the majority of people that sign up for Accelerator are people that have been through Kingdom Wealth Builders. And so, right, makes sense, if you think about it, right?

'cause they spend hours listening to Jim, seeing Jim teach. They trust them, they love it, they're blown away, and now all of a sudden, you know, they have an opportunity to do something bigger, um, even though it's not led by Jim, and they, and they jump at it. And so, because we, we see this direct correlation between time spent with Jim, right? And, uh, uh, conversions. We're, we're rolling out content to see if we can get folks to spend time with Jim.

So we're gonna have that hot list that then, right, gets exposed to the live webinar. And then we're gonna follow up with the, um, the hot list. And while we're following up with the hot list with the replay, we're gonna have a second track, if you will, where we go back to the house file, and everybody that didn't register for the Breakthrough Week is just gonna be invited to the, um, right, to that webinar on Saturday, following the webinar on Saturday. Then we're just gonna combine the, that hot list with the people that, um, the people that, uh, went right to the webinar, and then we're gonna finish them out for a, um, for a cart close. And so that's, uh, ultimately how we are, um, gonna do it.

Now, a couple things. So I said, I said I, there are a few open loops out here that I've, that I've opened along the way. So number one is, I said, there are two things that we're doing, we're doing differently, or, or, I, I said, we're going back to what worked before, and we're just doing, we're we're gonna do it better, and we're gonna do it in two ways. So one is, like I said, we're going back to the webinar, right? Like, let's just go back to what worked before, but let's do it better, better in this context.

First is the flow, the order, the chunks, the argument that they put together, right? Like, we're gonna get them to, um, follow the, the outline that we put together, right? So while there's no doubt that together between Jim and Todd, they're gonna go, they're gonna take a right turn here or there, but if the majority of what it is that they say is on track, it'll be substantially better than where they were, um, before. Um, and so that's the first thing. The second way that we're gonna improve it has nothing to do with us, but it, but it's just exciting to know, is that we're, uh, uh, every other time they did it on a simple zoom, like where it was Todd in his, in his office, and Jim in his office, right?

And, um, you know, with, you know, Todd with a cracker jack camera, and God knows what kind of Mike and, you know, um, you know, with, you know, the lighting changing over the course of the webinar. Uh, and so I said, listen, I said, you know, let's get them in a studio and let's do it in a studio. And so we've already, we found a studio, uh, by Jim, because what we're trying to, to to work out is we're trying to have Jim, we're trying to get the studio for the week so that we can do the, those three pieces of content from the studio, you know, like it's got, you know, like three cameras. It's got the producer, it's got the whole nine, right? And so, uh, so have Jim have those three live pieces of content, um, be done in the studio and then fly Todd in, um, and have him do, um, uh, the, the webinar, the main webinar with Jim in, in Studio we also, right?

And so we're taking it up to the studio graphics, all the, you know, lower thirds transitions, and we're getting a host. So we're working on, uh, a female host. So, you know, uh, somebody that's great on camera that, you know, is like the, the greeter, you know, um, kind of like if, I don't know if any of you have watched a, you know, like a, a church service from home, you know, when it's done, right? They've got somebody else who's like, you know, giving you the news, the update, the whole spiel, and then a transition over to the pastor on stage, and then maybe a transition back later. And so that sort of thing.

So that, right, it feels, um, much more legitimate, much higher quality. Um, and so that's another thing that we are doing. And so they're working already working on obviously all the graphics, lower thirds transitions, all that kind of jazz. Um, and the, um, and the host. The other thing is that, uh, is that we're changing it from six months to three months so that we can reduce the price.

And I believe that we're reducing the price down to 69 97. And so now instead of six months, it's three months. And, you know, I was part of that early on discussion. I'm excited about that because I think that, you know, it's very hard to plan your life in six months chunks. Like, in other words, you know, like there are a lot of people that I don't know what my schedule's gonna be in October and what I got going on, and if my daughter, one of my daughters is gonna be home from college or not this week, that week if I'm, you know, who I don't know.

And so, uh, and so I said, let's, let's bring it down to three months. Condense it, right? We give people the opportunity to continue at the end of the three months if they want to continue to, to, you know, to pay for that. But I said it also brings it down to a more reasonable, um, number, right? That, you know, like, you know, $10,000 is, is a lot of money, man, for people to, to fork over, um, for anything.

I don't care what it is. Um, in all my years buying information products, I never spent 10 grand. The most I ever spent on something was, was, was was five grand. And, um, and I remember what that was like. Uh, and so, uh, I remember exactly what that was like.

Um, and so, yeah. And so let's, you know, bring it down. So it'll be three months, uh, I believe again, 6, 6 9, 9 7. I'm gonna confirm all this before I send you the document later. Um, but, so that is, that's where we're at with, um, with this, this is, you know, there's, I don't wanna say there's a lot riding on this, because that's probably the wrong way to put it, but this is, you know, this is a big promotion for us because the real, real estate with God has always since, since its inception, a handful of years ago, it's been a big contributor because of this program, right?

Because of the accelerator. You know, you do seven a seven figure launch and you do it twice a year. You, you know, you can see before you know it, this thing's contributing, you know, 3 million bucks or whatever it is, uh, and change to, you know, to the business. Um, and so pretty valuable. Uh, and so any questions about, you know, just about what I said, high level stuff, 'cause you're gonna get all the, the nitty gritty details.

Any questions so far? No. Okay, so I also said, I mentioned earlier, one of the open loops, um, which wasn't intentional, um, was, was that, you know, this, it pains me to say this, it, it truly pains me to say this. Um, and this is something that we need to work on and will be working on, uh, for the whole entire company. Um, is there's not, there's not really, how can I say this?

There's not a clear, unique mechanism with, with Todd. Um, you know, to some extent I would say that there's not even a clear, unique mechanism, um, with Jim in Kingdom Wealth Builders. Now, I would say that with Jim, we certainly can identify, um, a couple just, it's just never been done because Jim and Kingdom Wealth Builders, um, teaches so much, like he covers so much freaking ground in Kingdom Wealth builders that it's, it's ridiculous, right? Which by, by the way, just as a side note, that was done before I came aboard. So one of the things that's on our list, um, for, um, the second half of 2025, um, which is Chris Losie is gonna be overseeing this, is redoing Kingdom Wealth Builders to bring it down to a manageable, um, I, it could be 30 hours or something close to that Kingdom Wealth Builders.

And so, you know, ludicrous, um, how much content there is, um, in there with Todd, you're gonna see there's not a crystal clear unique mechanism. Now, you know, I haven't spent a whole lot of time thinking about it. Um, but you know, we, we we're gonna try to see if we can identify a unique mechanism of some sort in here, but I just wanna put that on your, on your radar, you guys, like, as you start to go through the webinar and you start to see the material, like you're gonna see, there's no, you know, I, I think paper flipping paydays was the closest thing to some sort of mechanism, you know, uh, than anything done before with real estate with God. And now look, you know, I don't know, I just wanna put that out there, you know, uh, I think that it would be valuable. It would, it would be wildly valuable if we could identify one, it's not a deal killer if we don't, but it would be wildly valuable if we could, um, identify one.

And so, uh, so that is it. That is it. So what I would like you guys to, to do is, so I'm gonna put together, we'll, we'll wrap up in just a couple minutes. Um, I'm, I'm gonna send you this document, later. Document is gonna have access to, uh, to everything that you need in terms of really understanding how the, the, the accelerator, uh, has been presented in the past.

Um, I'll get you the, the webinar that was used. I'll get you, um, the, the videos. I'll get you the, the most recent sales page. I'll get you the older sales page. I will see if I can dig up for whatever, if it's worth anything, the scripts that were written and used for the, the, this video series, just so that you can see video 1, 2, 3, um, and four, um, I'll get the breakdown of the, um, the offer.

I'll get you the overview of the pre the, the content, those three pieces of content that are gonna get, um, released. Uh, and one thing that you will have with this is an insane amount of testimonials. And so these things come in all the time, which is, you know, it's crazy to see how, uh, uh, these results that people get, like the, and, and they're over the mo you know, over the moon, thrilled. And so we'll have a tremendous amount of great, um, testimonials, uh, and right? And if there are, you know, certain testimonials, um, if we want like an interview style done, you just let me know and I'll sign it to somebody on the team to go and conduct like, um, an interview, um, for them.

But for now, I get ready to consume a lot of stuff. And then what I want is I wanna figure out, you know, Keith and Brian, how Keith can, you know, how Keith can play a role to, you know, like this way it's not all on you. Um, Brian May again, maybe it's Keith does the, the offer, you know, Michael will do all the email related stuff. Keith maybe does the offer section, uh, of the letter you do, Brian, the, you know, the, the lead and the argument, and then we're off to the races, or you guys can chitchat about that. If there's another way that you wanna do it, uh, I'm down for that, uh, as well.

This is, you know, this is a, this is a biggie. This is like, you know, this is a biggie and an exciting one. She is wealthy. I think I'm, so, I'm, I'm super excited having, you know, done a very, an, an initial review. Like Keith, you know, certainly Michael, let me say this, you know, uh, um, you know, kudos for getting it done on time.

Um, and you know, I, I already can see the improvement, um, in yours. And Keith, I, I, I tipped my hat to you. Like I, I truly, I, I tipped my hat to you, but you did a, you did a, I looked over, there was a, uh, first the amount of copy, the amount of stuff that you turned in. Um, I, I, I tipped my hat to you. I, I, I was truly proud to see that.

And you know, I, you know, today I will make a point to go to Damien, um, and, and say, look at this job that, like, look at the, like, you, you did a good job, man. Like you did a good job. Not just Keith in terms of the, um, the copy, uh, but just how thorough, how complete, um, yeah, I, I don't know what else to say, man, other than I, I was, I had a, a deep sense of pride man, um, seeing that. And so like, kudos and for, you know, this was a biggie. This Brian, you know, is also gonna be a, a biggie with a lot of, a lot of money on the, on the line.

And so, uh, yeah, so I want us to do great. I want us to get ahead on this, get a jump on this. And so that's it for today. I'll send you the document. You guys can start and we're gonna now be knee deep in this project.

We'll probably take a break one day later on this week to just review the, the she is wealthy stuff. Um, but this is what's gonna be our focus now until and, uh, until we launch, um, the real Estate with God accelerator. And so start reviewing the stuff later and then, uh, we'll chat tomorrow morning. Good. Awesome.

Alright, you guys are outta here. Have an amazing day guys. Thanks Todd. See you guys.
