---
title: "Todd Brown's Monthly E5 Alliance Session 2025-08-28 23:00:20"
date: 2025-08-29
duration: 1h 33m
duration_seconds: 5601
vimeo_id: 1114107992
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Monthly E5 Alliance Session 2025-08-28 23:00:20

**Date:** 2025-08-29 | **Duration:** 1h 33m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What is going on, gang, welcome back to another E five Alliance call. I'm super excited to, uh, to be with you guys. I've got something super special planned for you, um, tonight. Lemme just make sure that this is being recorded for everybody that, uh, listens to the recordings. And so this is, and so, very cool.

So we're gonna wait about 30 seconds and then we're gonna, we're gonna rock and roll. Like I was saying, I've got something super special in store for you guys tonight. On this session, I'm gonna share with you guys what is really a combination of snippets from three different presentations that I've given, uh, that I've really focused on with our, um, when I, when I was still, uh, doing the top one Mastermind, uh, which were highest level clients, paying $45,000 a year to be in this group. This was one of the lessons that I continue to share with them year after year. What, what I'm really gonna share with you tonight, what I'm really going to drill in to you guys and gals tonight is, uh, is really one of the most valuable lessons that I've learned over the multiple decades that I've been an entrepreneur.

It is like, it, it's the thing that I wish I learned earlier on about scaling a business. Um, and it's tactical, it's actionable, it's right in the weeds of direct response. And so that's what it is that I'm gonna break down for you guys and gals, um, tonight. Lemme just make sure, um, that you guys can, uh, attendees can chat with everyone. There we go.

So you guys can, uh, go ahead and, and, uh, pop questions into the chat for those of you that are live. Um, and we are going to, um, rock and roll. What I'm gonna do is I would say we'll probably go 60 ish minutes, maybe a little bit longer. We'll see. I'm gonna try to keep it as close to 60 minutes for you guys so that I don't, um, wear you out.

But what I am gonna do is I'm gonna go through the, I'm gonna go through the teaching and then I will take whatever questions it is that you have. So if you have a question, you can at any point throughout the, uh, the training tonight, you can go ahead and you can pop it right into the chat. All I ask is that you start with write question colon, and then write your question just so that, um, I can see what are questions and what are just, um, comments in there. And so with that, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and I am going to do this, and I'm gonna do this, and then I am going to this and move this bad boy over here like this. Actually, let me do this.

Let me do it. Let me do it so that, uh, you guys can see the full shebang, so to speak. So somebody just go ahead and let me know in the chat, just pop into the chat that you can see the slide deck akay, that you can hear me, that you can see the slide deck and that everything is good. I would hate to, okay. Awesome.

I was gonna say thank you so much. I would hate to share with you one of the most valuable marketing lessons only to find out that, uh, you know, that you guys weren't hearing me. And so really the truth of the matter is, is that this is one of the most valuable business lessons that I've learned over the past, um, two plus decades in the direct, direct response trenches. Now, this is related to marketing, it's ultimately related to scaling, but this is really what the, what I'm about to share with you, uh, and really drill into you and give you the nuances of, is really what separates the, uh, the, the really, for lack of a better phrase, the super successful direct response entrepreneurs from the average. This is something that, right, I didn't fully understand for the first handful of years in the direct response world, in the marketing world, in the entrepreneurial space.

And it was only until I learned this, understood this, and then put this into action that my first business took off. And then, right? And then I've applied this to every business that, um, every business that I have, all of our portfolio companies, and of course then I apply this to all clients, right? And help clients to understand this. And so, like I said, what you're gonna see is you're gonna see a mix of three different presentations.

So you're gonna see different backgrounds on the, on the, um, on some of these slides. You're gonna see different font. Um, just ignore it, right? Because I, like I said, I pull, I'm pulling together three different presentations for you to give you the most important gems of this topic. So with that, let's, let's dive in.

And so, um, the very first thing that I wanna, I want you to understand is that, uh, how fast you can grow your business, how, how fast you're able to grow, how fast you're able to scale your business is ultimately determined by what I refer to as your maximum allowable acquisition cost. Now, I want you to understand, I want you to think for one second. I I want you to recognize that everything I'm, I'm about to share with you tonight is really based on this idea that I've shared for a number of years, which is in the direct response space as an entrepreneur, you are really an investor, right? Similar to an equity investor, an investor in, you know, stocks, a real estate investor. You are an investor, and you too are also investing in the acquisition of assets for the stock investor, right?

Or the equity investor. Those assets are shares of stock, right? For the, for the majority of equity investors, for the real estate investor, those assets are properties, right? Like real estate for us, the assets that you are investing in, acquiring our customers, clients, students, subscribers, whatever. What, however you refer to them in your particular business.

Well, just like with equity investors, just like with real estate investors, right? Uh, there, when it comes to the acquisition of customers as your assets, there is a cost to acquire that asset, right? And then there is a value to that asset, and we can even break down the value of that asset to value today. What, like, the day that you acquire that asset, what that asset is worth, and then what the future value of that asset is worth. Very similar to, again, and a stock.

A stock, right? A, a share of stock, let's say, just to keep things real simple, a share of stock might be a hundred dollars. Well, when you invest in a, in a, in a, uh, a share of stock, right? It costs you a hundred dollars, that stock is usually worth a hundred dollars. So the cost to acquire it is a hundred.

The value, the day that you acquire it is 100. And then there is some future value, right? That future, that meaning in, in, in seven days, in 30 days, in 90 days, in six months, in a year, et cetera, that stock is going to have a value. Now, that value could be higher than what it is that you paid for, uh, paid for it, or it could be lower, right? Most of the time for the average stock investor, the average stock investor is investing in a stock because they believe that that stock is going to go up in value in the future.

They're willing to invest in a share of stock at a hundred dollars today because they believe that in the future, it's gonna be worth some number greater than 100, right? And, you know, depending on the type of real estate investor, a traditional real estate investor will buy, you know, and hold a property, they might rent it out, right? And hope that, let's say over time, certainly somebody that buys a home to live in hopes that, that home will appreciate in value. Meaning that, right? If you spend a million bucks to get your, you know, a, a home today, that hopefully in the next three years, it'll go up to 1.5 or 2 million or whatever the number may be, right?

The point is that right there is a present day value when you acquire the asset, and then there is a future value of the asset. Well, that's the same exact, uh, way that it works with customers as a direct response entrepreneur, right? The fastest way to acquire customers is through media buying, through paid advertising. When you use paid advertising, right? Because it's, you know, you can turn it on, um, and get immediate results, unlike, let's say, trying to get, you know, trying to generate, uh, uh, you know, uh, or acquire customers, clients, students, et cetera, through organic means, or free means through, you know, SEO, those kind of things, those kind of things.

They, they might not have a cost in terms of an outlay of dollars, but they certainly have a cost in terms of time and effort, um, involved. And they can take a long time before they produce results. Whereas media buying, paid advertising online, you could have a campaign, you could turn a campaign on and be getting results the same, same day. You can also open up the faucet, meaning you can spend more, you can spend less, you can turn it off, turn it on, right? Like you have complete control over it.

And media buying paid traffic is, um, easy, easy to be held accountable. Meaning we can track for every dollar that we invest in, in paid traffic, how much money we make back, how many customers or clients, students we acquire, and how much money we, we make back. Well, when you're using paid advertising and you're, you're in the, you're an investor and you're investing in the acquisition of assets, and those assets happen to be customers, of course you have a cost to, right? What it costs you to acquire a customer, you have a value to that customer, which we're gonna talk about in just a second. What the value of that customer is to you, to your business, the day that you acquire that customer.

And then there is a future value, right? And the beauty of the direct response business, just as a side note in this, this part, we're not gonna be spending much time on tonight in this session, but the beauty of the direct response business is that over time, the longer you are in business, the more predictable the future value of a customer becomes. In other words, if you take Netflix, for example, Netflix, I don't know today what the, what the average monthly fee is. Uh, you know, 20 buck, i, I don't know if, I can't remember if we talked about that on the last call, but 20 bucks a month, let's just say, to keep it real simple, well, if the average monthly, you know, uh, membership to Netflix is 20 bucks, Netflix certainly knows how long the average subscriber stays, right? And let's, let's keep things real simple for a second.

Say that the average monthly, you know, subscription to Netflix is 20 bucks. And let's say that Netflix knows that the average subscriber stays 10 months, okay? Just to keep things real simple, right? Well, that means that the average subscriber to Netflix is worth 10 times 20, right? $20 a month over 10 months is $200.

So Netflix knows that on average, every single subscriber that they get, like average is, is 200 bucks. Some might be worth less, some might be worth substantially more, but they know on average, right, that, um, their subscriber is worth 200 bucks. And so, right? So they know what it, what a subscriber is worth the day that they become a subscriber, 20 bucks, they know the total or what's often referred to as lifetime value of a subscriber, uh, of an average subscriber, 200 bucks. And then, right?

They are able to decide how much are they willing to spend to get that subscriber. And so ultimately, right, how much are they willing to spend? Now let me ask you something. Let me ask you a question. If, if you could make back on an investment, if you could make back 200 bucks, and let's say you made that 200 bucks back over the course of 10 months, would you be willing to invest a hundred bucks?

Like, would you be willing to make an investment about, like, let me ask, go ahead, somebody, go ahead. If you're, if you're engaged, go ahead and, and tell me yes or no in the chat. Would you be willing to invest a hundred bucks if 10 months later you made back 200? Somebody tell me in the chat. Okay?

So I'm curious. So Natalia, you wouldn't invest you if you could make 200, if you could double your money in 10 months, meaning, right, you invest a hundred and in 10 months you make back 200. I know Chris, Chris said yes, Natalia, you said, no, I'm curious, I'm gonna keep cruising. But if you could pop into the chat why you wouldn't do that, I would do that all day every day. I would take every last dollar that I, that I, that I have, and I would do that, right?

If in 10 months I could double, double my money, right? Think of where else can you go? Um, okay, that's not, I mean, so if, if you have a shorter path to, that's a, that's a great point. If you have a shorter path to two x your, your money, like a quicker path to two x your money, then that's a very, uh, smart decision, right? Like, in other words, if you have another path that allows you to two exit in eight months or two exit in six months or two exit in, in three months, um, then you're absolutely right.

Then I would allocate, um, allocate the, um, the funds there. And so in that regard, you are absolutely spot on from a pure investment vehicle itself, right? Like, look, there aren't a whole lot of places that you can go. There aren't a whole lot of investments that will double in their value, um, in, in 10 months. And, and what I would say is this, where, like if you look at the, the reason why I was asking that, right?

To just to set the kind of stage, right? It's because, right, if we go back to Netflix, what you're gonna see in a second, what the typical entrepreneur does is they'll say, well, I make 20 bucks from a new subscriber, so I'm willing to spend 10 bucks to get that subscriber so that at least I have a 50% margin, meaning, right? I'll, I, I get a subscriber for 20 bucks, so I'm willing to invest 10 bucks to get a subscriber, and so that I make at least 10 bucks of quote unquote profit from that subscriber in month one. And that's the way the typical entrepreneur operates, as we're gonna talk about in just a second. It's very transactional.

They're not looking at it as an investment. They're not looking at front end backend, they're just looking at their profit margin per transaction. But what the savviest direct response marketers know is that the more you are willing to invest to get a subscriber, customer, client, et cetera, the easier this game becomes and the faster you can grow. And so right now, like, let's take that same, that, that, let's say that same entrepreneur that, uh, you know, let's say they've got their own subscription. They're not Netflix, they're Bob Flix or whatever, right?

And they, they have their own subscription and same numbers as Netflix, right? They, their average subscriber stays 10 months. Their average subscriber pays 20 bucks a month, therefore their average subscriber is worth $200. Well, right? If they're only willing to invest $10 to get a buyer because they're looking at it very a, a subscriber because they're very transactional and they're not looking at it as an investment, um, and they're not looking at front end and backend, they are going to absolutely stifle their, their growth.

Because right? When somebody that is a savvy direct response marketer comes along and says, I'm willing to spend 20 bucks, I'll make no money on the acquisition, I'll just break even on the acquisition, but I'll spend double what that person is, um, is willing to spend. Well, the person, the one who's willing to spend double will now have a much easier time, right? It's, it's, think about like, if you were a real estate investor and you were bidding on a property and somebody else came along and was able to bid double what it is that you were willing to bid for the property, you're gonna lose and you're gonna lose every time. That's why it's often said in the direct response space that he or she who is willing and able and does spend the most to acquire the buyer will win, right?

And so, um, so that brings me back here. And then we're gonna, you're gonna see, we're gonna flesh this, you know, we're gonna flesh this out completely. So what I say over here, that how fast you can grow your business is determined by your maximum allowable acquisition cost. What we're actually talking about here is what is the maximum amount that you are willing and able to spend to acquire a customer? Because the greater that number is, the faster you can grow.

And this is how the, as you're gonna see by the time that we're done tonight, this is how the most successful, the direct response, the, the biggest players, the A players think about this game. So let's break this down for a second, right? I already said maximum allowable acquisition cost. Just think about, right? You're gonna see, we're gonna talk about CPA tonight, right?

Cost per acquisition, that, right? So sometimes people will say, you know, cac, customer acquisition cost, sometimes people will refer to it as, um, CPA cost per acquisition, right? Um, all of these things are ultimately in this context of what we're talking about tonight. They mean the same thing. So when I say the maximum allowable acquisition cost, it's ultimately what's the maximum CPA that you are willing and able to invest to acquire a single new customer, right?

That's, we're gonna talk about that. And so, right, what is the maximum amount of money that you're willing to invest to acquire a single new customer? That's what I mean in this context, by maximum allowable acquisition cost in just a little bit. I think, I believe when I switch to the next presentation or the next piece, you're gonna see me referring to it as CPA, just know that we're talking, ultimately, when we say acquisition costs, we're talking about the same thing. Maximum allowable is how much, what, what's the maximum amount that our business, that your business can, um, withstand to invest in, uh, acquiring a single customer?

Then we're gonna talk about right? Average order value and average order value. Hopefully each of you guys already are, you know, wildly familiar with guys and gals are, are wildly familiar with average order value is the average amount of money that a new customer spends with you after going through your front end campaign. So this is the very first transaction, if you will. Now, what do I mean by the very first transaction?

When I say the very first transaction, that includes a, you know, uh, any bump offers that you have on an order form that includes an upsell, that includes a downsell, that includes a second upsell, that includes write a thank you page gift offer that includes write, um, every offer in that, um, checkout in that transaction. What I'm not talking about here, right? So when I say, you know, um, what they spend with you after going through your front end campaign, I mean, the day that they become a buyer is what I'm talking about. So if five days later or seven days later, they're exposed to another offer and, you know, uh, uh, um, and X percentage buy, um, which then increases the value of your customer, that's not what I'm talking about. That is what we consider to be a backend that is post front end campaign checkout.

And so all of the transaction maximization offers that you include in your front end campaign bumps, upsells, downsells, all of that, right? That kind of, um, all of those things make up the average order, the average order value, right? And we know that, uh, you know, we know that. And if anybody isn't familiar with this or, or doesn't fully understand these two numbers that I'm talking about here, uh, let me know in the chat and I'm, I'd be more than happy to unpack it a little bit more for you. But, right.

So we know that, you know, if you've got a, a core product that you offer a, you know, like a, a, a, a bump offer on the order form, and let's say an upsell, let's say that's your front end campaign, well, we know, right? A certain percentage are just gonna take the core offer. Uh, a certain percentage are gonna take the core offer on the bump, certain percentage are gonna take the core offer, bump and upsell, and certain percentage are gonna take the core offer on the upsell and skip the bump, right? But what we do is in direct response, we use averages. So we're gonna look at what the average checkout value is for the customer, and that's gonna determine ultimately what our average order value is.

So now I want you to take these two numbers. I want you to hold onto these two, right? We've got the cost side of the equation, and we've got the value side of the equation. We've got, right? We've got what does it cost us to acquire our customer?

And what is that customer worth to you the day that we acquire that customer? Now, I wanna move into the, I wanna take that, those two numbers, and I wanna move into the levels of acquisition, aggression, and acquisition. Aggression here in this context refers to how aggressive are you willing to be with your maximum allowable acquisition cost? So when I say levels of acquisition aggression, I'm talking about how aggressive are you willing to be when it comes to your, uh, maximum allowable acquisition cost. Now, for years, I have broken this down into three levels, and the three levels are as follows.

Level one is what I call mom and pop. This is the typical entrepreneur that maybe is not at all familiar with direct response. There's no, they're not a, they're not, they're at all familiar with front end backend. They, um, really are just looking for a profit, excuse me, a profit on every sale, regardless of whether it's the first transaction or the 10th transaction. Like, it doesn't matter, right?

They're, they're just always thinking about margin. And so meaning, right? Like, we get it. They don't care whether this transaction is with a brand new customer or a customer that's coming back for the 10th time. What they care about is what is the margin on this transaction if somebody spent, right?

And let's just keep it real simple and say they want a 50% margin. So they, they just wanna know, like if somebody spends a hundred bucks, right? Like, I need eight, at least a 50% margin, let's just say on that. Um, and like, like that's what they're thinking about, right? And so that's how the typical, the typical entrepreneur operates.

They're not thinking like an investor, they're just thinking about profit margin and they're striving for margin. At level two is when we begin to see folks think a little bit more like an investor at level two, what we call break even. This is when, uh, this is when an entrepreneur spends to acquire the customer a maximum of what the customer is worth on the day that they become a customer, ultimately generating a new customer at breakeven simple. And you'll see this simple example, right? The average customer, the average, average order value for a, uh, uh, a new customer is a hundred bucks.

At level two, we're willing to spend a hundred bucks to acquire that customer. In other words, we're not generating any profit today. And so we're willing to spend a hundred. So now let, let's go back for one second and say, let's just say, let's go level one. Let's just use the same a hundred dollars average order value, let's say for the mom and pop, right?

Um, because they want a 50% margin. And we're not, we're not talking, um, we're not talking, I'm not talking in this context about cogs, you know, like cost of goods sold. I, I'm not like, forget that for right now. Like just a ma like, put that aside to just to understand this at the core. Um, so, uh, Natalia, uh, when you say a profit margin, do you mean return on ad spend?

Sure, you could use return on ad spend ROAS for this, right? So, right? Like, uh, you know, if you have a, you know, call it if you have a a a one, you know, if you have, if you return 100%, if you have a hundred percent roas, that means right, that whatever you spent, you made back in terms of sales, that's ultimately break even, right? That's, that is break even. And so break even, right?

When you, when you have 100% return on ad spend, that is break even. So you spend a thousand bucks, right? Today, you make back a thousand bucks in the form of new customers, right? In this example, if we're using a hundred dollars average order value, that would mean that you spent a thousand bucks today, right? Um, and you generated 10 customers, and each of those customers, right?

Again, on average a hundred dollars a OV. So you made back a thousand bucks, you have a hundred percent return on ad spend. You did not generate any profit today, however, right? Your bank account is no less today than it was five days ago, but now you've got 10 more customers, right? And so hopefully that makes sense.

Let me know, um, um, Natalia, if that makes sense. And so, right? So that's, that's break even. Now. If we look at mom and pop, right?

Mom and pop, ultimately, right? Mom and pop, they are, they're, if the, the customer is worth a hundred dollars and they wanna operate at a 50% margin, they're only willing to spend 50 bucks to get that customer, right? So customers worth a hundred dollars to the level one, to all three levels, the customer's gonna be worth a hundred dollars. But Mom and Pop, they want a profit on the front end because they want a profit on every transaction. Because they're not thinking like investors, they're thinking transactionally.

And so, right for them, they're only willing to spend 50 bucks to acquire that a hundred dollars customer. And cool, they generate $50 of profit on day zero, right? That at level two, that same a hundred dollars customer, that level two entrepreneur is willing to spend a hundred dollars to get a customer that spends a hundred dollars, meaning, right? They, they have no profit today on day zero. Um, and so if you just looked at Day zero and you didn't think about, um, a, you didn't think like an investor, and there was no future value to the buyers, well then the mom and pop are doing a better job.

The mom and pop are up, because in this example, mom and Pop generated a customer, right? Level two break even generated a customer except mom and Pop, right? They've got $50 a profit, and the level two entrepreneur has zero profit. But you're gonna understand why that is just extremely shortsighted. Um, and where scale comes as you move up the levels.

Next is level three. And this is the investor. And this is the right where this is often referred to as going negative on your acquisition. This is where the entrepreneur spends a portion of what the customer is worth over the average life of their patronage going negative on day zero for the promise of future profits. So this is like, let's take that a hundred dollars customer and say that, right?

The, in, in, in this example, the, these customers are worth $100 on day zero, but maybe they're really worth $300 over the course of a year, just as, as an example, or for Natalia over the course of three months, right? To speed it up, right? So day, you know, day zero, they're worth 103 months, you know, 90 days later they're worth, you know, uh, they're worth 300 as an example. Well, maybe that investor then is willing to spend $150 to acquire that buyer, right? Mom and Pop is only willing to spend 50.

The break even level two entrepreneur is willing to spend a hundred, but the investor is willing to spend one 50 because the investor, right, is recognizes that they are an investor, and that they're going to use a percentage of the future value of the customer, right? As a way to subsidize their marketing. You see? And the, the thing is, is that who's gonna win in this game? Who's gonna win is the level three investor.

Because the level three investor can have, if the level three investor's willing to spend one 50, and the level one, the mom and pop is only willing to spend 50, right? The level three investor could have marketing campaigns that convert at one third the conversion rate of mom and pop. And, um, and those will still be viable. The mom and pop won't be able to use those campaigns, right? The, or in other words, the level three investor could, uh, ultimately afford to pay, uh, three times the, the, the cost, the the cost per click, right?

The, you know, three times the, the CPM three times the cost per visitor, um, if you will. Um, and it would be viable where, and the mom and pop wouldn't be able to use those campaigns. And so, right, it is infinitely easier, right? When you are, um, when you are able to, uh, when you're able to have substantially lower conversion rates and the campaigns still work, it's infinitely easier when you're able to pay more and still have the campaigns work. And the other thing is right, that oftentimes what happens is as you scale up media buying paid advertising, what happens is your cost per acquisition, your, your, your, your, your customer acquisition cost goes up.

And so what would happen at the mom and pop would reach a threshold where they would not be able to scale up and get more, go, go cast a wider net, because eventually their cost to acquire the customer would go out of their range no longer allowing them to be at a 50% margin. Right? Now, the the break even could continue to push it, push it, push it, eventually they would then push it as they cast an even wider net. And there's lower click-throughs, right? 'cause you're going to a broader audience, right?

They would eventually get to the point where it is no longer, uh, they're no longer at breakeven. They're no longer seeing a hundred percent return on ad spend. Maybe they get to the point where they're only seeing, right? They see 90% return on ad spend, meaning for every dollar that they invest, right? They're only making back, call it 90 cents, if they spend a thousand or invest a thousand, they only make back 900.

It's at that point that, right? That they would back off because they're no longer at break even. Whereas the level three investor could still continue to push it, expand their net, expand their audience, right? Go wider and wider and wider, generating more buyers, right? Um, um, and having an easier time doing that.

So you, you think about it, right? Like I don't, whatever your, whatever your current cost per acquisition is, whatever your current maximum allowable cost per acquisition, what's the maximum amount of money that you are willing to spend right now to acquire a customer? Well, just imagine, what if, how would, how would your business change if you could actually afford, based on your business to invest double what it is that you're investing right now to acquire a single customer? Would it get easier for you? Would you have more opportunities?

Would you be able to acquire more buyers? The answer to all of those questions is absolutely yes. And that's the value of what it is that we're, we're talking about here. So understand, right? That going back to maximum allowable acquisition costs in a OV, that at level one you're the, for the mom and pop, the maximum allowable acquisition cost is some number less than the A OV, right?

So if the average order value is a hundred, excuse me, depending on the margin that the mom and pop entrepreneurs want, that maximum allowable acquisition cost may be 90, maybe 80, maybe 70, maybe 60, maybe 50, maybe 40. It's not gonna be a hundred, right? It's gonna be some number less than a OV. And it's certainly not gonna be more than the A OV, right? It's gonna be some number less, like I said earlier in the example, call it $50 just as, as an example, but it's whether it's 50, 60, 40, 30, 80, it's some number less than a OV at level two break even, that's when your maximum allowable acquisition cost equals your A OV, right?

Whatever the A OV is, that becomes the maximum allowable acquisition cost. Now, as a side note, just as a side note here, right? That when you're operating at level two, right? Where, which I believe that everybody should operate at like, until they're able to go to level three, I don't there is, unless you don't have a backend at all. Um, and, and, or right?

Either you don't know your backend, like you don't know what your backend produces and or you don't have a backend, um, only for those two reasons would I say go to, go to level one. Besides those two reasons everybody else should be at break even, because you can't lose, in other words, you're breaking even and you're acquiring customers the single most valuable asset in your business for free, right? Your bank account is no less than it was a week ago, right? Like, in other words, all you're doing is just recycling your ad spend, your media costs over and over and over as you're acquiring buyers. And so, right?

Like there's absolutely zero risk for that, right? You may not profit like in your business, um, if that's all you have, right? Meaning if, if you're just acquiring those buyers, you know, at, at breakeven, you might not, right? Like, but like when I first started my business many, many, many, many years ago, I didn't care. Like I was just looking to build it.

Like I, I just wanted to scale it. 'cause I knew that once I reached critical mass with customers, like the moment that I introduced the first backend and the second backend offer, and the, the third backend offer, all that money that was gonna come in was going to be profit. Because the most expensive part of a direct response business is the customer acquisition cost. And if I was handling all the customer acquisition costs, right? Like recouping all the customer acquisition costs, um, by operating at breakeven, well, then all that money, right?

Is, you know, the, the gross profit margin is through the roof. And so, uh, once you understand, once you've got a backend in place and you know, right? You're, you're tracking wanna refer to it as lifetime value, I'll just refer to it as like incremental lifetime value. What, what a customer's worth to you, you know, 14 days at 14 days at 30 days at 60 days, at 90 days at, you know, um, at six months, et cetera. That's when you can start to go to level three, right?

And level three is where the maximum allowable acquisition cost is some number greater than a OV, right? So when I said earlier, a hundred dollars a OV, you'll notice all the, let's say a hundred dollars A OV, right? Well, some number less than that. 50 bucks for mom and pop, right? Maximum LA acquisition cost, right?

A OVA hundred bucks equal to that means that the maximum LAU acquisition cost is a hundred bucks negative, right? Uh, a hundred dollars. Um, a OV that means that the maximum allowable acquisition cost is some number greater than, um, than a OV, right? A hundred and ten, a hundred twenty, a hundred and thirty, we're not gonna get into, right? Um, we're not gonna get into, um, how to determine your maximum allowable acquisition cost.

Um, if you're at level three, because it's so individual, it's based on cash flow, it's based on how well you know, your, your lifetime value numbers, and it's based on cash flow. So in other words, right? If you know, if you, if you've got, if you know, if you've got tremendous cash flow, well, you might be able to go a hundred dollars negative to acquire a customer, right? And acquire a lot of customers and not get to break even for 30 days, right? Um, because, uh, you, you've got the cash flow, right?

Um, and what, but if you don't have the cash flow and you're going a hundred dollars negative, um, on, on acquisition, and you're not gonna get to break even for 30 days, well, and you're scaling, meaning you're, you're acquiring more and more buyers, you could actually run out of money before you recoup your ad spend. And so part of operating at level three, which is where the most successful, the biggest, baddest, best direct response marketers operate is at level three, right? Is at level three. How negative they go really depends on their business, depends on, like I said, their cash flow and the time to recoup that negative, the time to break even, right? And so in a company like the Agora companies, the 800 pound gorilla in the world of direct response, right?

Company that I, I consulted with multiple divisions, uh, of the Agora companies, some divisions are willing to go negative and not get to break even for six months. Another a one other division was, was willing to not get to break even for 12 months. Imagine acquiring a customer today and saying, I'm gonna go negative on acquiring the customer today, and it's gonna take me a year to get to break even, right? To recoup all of that. Well, right?

That's how they are able to grow so fast, right? It's not because they've got the best copywriters in the world. They've got the best marketers in the world. I can tell you for sure, they do not have the best in the, in the world. It's that they have phenomenal economics in the business, and they are willing to go wildly negative on the front and not get to break even for a really long time.

And therefore, when competitors go head to head with them, they can't compete, right? It's tough to compete with a company that can go negative, $180 on a $79, you know, newsletter customer, right? And not have to get to break even for six months. How do you compete with them when you can't? You got it right?

Like, you can't go, you can only go $30 negative and you gotta get to break even in a month, right? Like, man, like tough to compete with a business like that. And so, uh, but so, right. So this is understanding, this is really understanding the economic side of the game. The reason why I highlighted this right in yellow is because I want you to understand two things, right?

And then we're gonna go on to the second part of the, um, the, the, the training is that this is where I, like I said earlier, I believe that everybody should operate, um, even truthfully, I I would even say that even if you don't have a backend, right? Like as long as you don't need to pull profit, like if you started a new business, even if you don't have a backend right now, as long as you don't need to pull profit from the business now and you can delay pulling profit, there's no reason why you shouldn't operate at breakeven. Like I said, you're just recycling your money over and over and over if it costs you a hundred to, you know, if, if, if a customer's worth a hundred, right? Your maximum allowable acquisition cost is a hundred. If a, if your customer's worth 200, your maximum allowable acquisition cost is 200, right?

Like, um, and you're just recycling that money over and over and over. So with that as the backdrop, by the way, right? If any, does anybody have any questions about this? For those of you that are on here, um, live obviously, does anybody have any questions about, about what it is that I just said? I'll give you a minute to, you know, to let me know before I go on.

Now, I'm gonna take a drink, okay, let's go back and now let's go over here to the second part of this. And, and so this is how marketing pros optimize funnels for scale, which as you're gonna see is wildly different than the way that the average market or the average entrepreneur goes about this and thinks about this. These are just, you're gonna see the way that the, um, pro thinks and the way that the average thinks. And then we're gonna go back to like tactically understanding and how to manipulate CPA and a OV for scale. So right, you've just, we went through maximum allowable acquisition cost and a OV, you understand that you are an investor, you're investing in the acquisition of assets.

Those assets are your customers, clients, students, subscribers, et cetera. They've got a cost the day that you acquire them, they've got a value the day that you they, that you acquire them and then they have a future value, right? And unless you're selling only one time to your customers and never again, there is a greater future value. Um, and over time, as your business becomes more mature and more sophisticated, you'll know with predictability what that future value is and by when you'll know at day, right? Just like Netflix knows, right?

Like, you know what I mean? They know by, by month two what the average subscriber's worth by month three, what the average subscriber's worth by month four, what the average subscriber is worth, they know the lifetime value of the average subscriber and so on. Now, I want you to understand the difference in the way that pros and average entrepreneurs think about, like optimizing campaigns with those numbers for scale. So the average, they think of optimizing a campaign for scale as getting a higher sales conversion rate and or lower traffic costs. What they're thinking about is they're thinking, right, like, to optimize this campaign, like I ultimately need to get a higher sales conversion rate and or I need to lower my, my traffic costs, right?

But the pros recognize that this is a game of closing the gap between CPA and A OV that the whole game is won or lost when it comes to, like, as you're gonna see in just a little bit, what makes what makes a campaign scalable or not, is the CPA a to a OV ratio right? Now, if you're at break, even the CPA A to a OV ratio is one-to-one, right? Like it's for every dollar you make back a dollar, right? For every a hundred dollars, you make back a hundred dollars for every a thousand dollars you make back a thousand dollars, right? That is the CPA to a OV ratio.

And this game, what the savvy understand is that ultimately this is a game of closing the gap on CPA to a OV. It's not a game of increasing, of, of merely increasing sales conversion rate. Like increasing sales conversion rate. As you're gonna learn in the third part of this training tonight, is a way to lower CPA lowering traffic costs is a way to lower CPA. There are, right, there are different ways to lower CPA, just like there are different ways to raise a OV.

The the big thing for you to really understand is that one takes a marketing mindset, the average marketing sales conversion rate, and the other, the pro takes an economic mindset. And that's, this game is really won or lost based on economics. And so, right? And so next average they focus on in incre increasing the sales conversion rate of the core offer. And that, uh, yeah, they think about the right, that that's what they focus on.

So this is an extension really of what it is that I just said, right? That I just said. They think of optimization as getting a higher sales conversion rate, which is why they focus on increasing the sales conversion rate of their core offer. They work constantly on increasing the sales conversion rate, or they're constantly thinking about how do I lower my, my traffic costs, how do I lower right? Which typically is done through marketing, through creative, if you will, uh, on the media side, how do I lower my traffic costs?

But the pros, they focus on driving up a OV and LTV and that's a huge, huge, that should be a huge shift for those of you that haven't been thinking this way up to this point, right? I don't think about, like, I don't really care what the sales conversion rate is of, of a campaign I don't like, right? I don't things like sales conversion rate or if you're using two step, right? And your opt-in rate, sales conversion rate, order form, completion rate, bump offer, take rate, uh, you know, uh, upsell take rate or upsell conversion rate, all of those things are marketing performance metrics. They do not tell you the viability of a campaign.

They don't tell you whether a campaign is viable or is scalable or not, because you could have a sky high sales conversion rate, right? Uh, like, uh, all of your marketing performance metrics, metrics could be nailed and you could be losing money out the wazoo, right? Like let's say you're paying $10 to get a visitor and you're selling a product for $10, right? A core product for $10, right? I don't care how good your marketing, um, performance metrics are, you're gonna struggle with that campaign.

There's almost no way that you're gonna make that campaign work. Because the problem with that, right? You're, if you're paying $10 to get a visitor and you're selling a $10 product, right? Um, relatively right? Like it, the problem is, is there is not a marketing problem, right?

Like, so you could have a 10% sales conversion rate, you could have a 90% order form completion rate, you could have a 60% bump offer conversion rate, you could have a 40%, uh, you know, upsell take rate. And unless your pricing, unless your upsell is $2,000, uh, you know, here, right? Uh, after a $10 core offer, right? That campaign is not gonna work because it's not a marketing performance issue. It's an economic issue on the campaign.

And so, see, the things like sales conversion rate, they tell you how well the core marketing and, and, and sales vehicle is working, right? Your order form completion rate tells you how well the order form is performing. But those metrics don't tell you whether a campaign is viable or not. What does tell you whether a campaign is viable and scalable is the CPA to a OV ratio. So if you've decided, for example, that you are willing to operate at level two break even, um, which like I said, right?

Is just, you know, in every big business that I have in our portfolio, we are level three. We're going negative, we're going negative on the front, right? Um, and so when we start a new business, we're always at level level two, right? I don't care what if the CPA A to a o if I'm at level two, which is, I might, I wanna break even on the acquisition of buyers, meaning I want the CPA A to a OV ratio to be one to one for every dollar I invest, I make a dollar back, right? Um, in revenue from a new customer, um, I don't care how low the sales conversion rate is.

I don't care how low the order form completion rate is. I don't care how low the bump or, uh, the bump offer conversion rate is or the upsell conversion rate is, I don't care about any of those numbers, right? And the campaign is still viable. Doesn't matter how low those numbers are. If the CPA A to a OV ratio is one to one, and I'm, that's where I wanna be at level two, I'm good to go.

I don't care what those numbers are, right? And so the only number that determines scalability and viability is CPA to a OV, which is ultimately why, like why largely why the pros focus on driving up a OV. Because if, uh, I want you to understand, remember I said at level two, maximum allowable acquisition cost is determined by A OV. And so, and I also said to you that, that the higher the maximum allowable acquisition cost, the easier the, the game is, the faster you can scale, right? Like the more, the more of an advantage you have.

Well, so if that's the case, how do we increase the maximum allowable acquisition cost? In other words, right? If we're operating at level two, right? Where a OV equals maximum allowable acquisition cost, the only thing that we can do to be able to increase our maximum allowable acquisition cost is to increase a OV. If our, our A OV is a hundred, that means that our maximum allowable acquisition cost is 100.

Therefore, if we wanna get that maximum allowable acquisition cost from 100 to one 20 or one 50 because we know that it's gonna be that much easier for us, like at when we're willing to pay 150 and everybody else is only willing to pay 80 or 50 or 70 or whatever it is, well then that's why I'm gonna focus on driving up a OV, right? I'm gonna focus on driving up a OV because the only way for me to increase maximum allowable acquisition cost is if I increase a OV, the higher I get a OV, the higher I can increase my maximum allowable acquisition cost, the higher I can increase my maximum allowable acquisition cost, the greater the advantage, the faster I can grow and the easier this game becomes. The reason why over here I said that they focus on driving a OV and LTV is because ultimately the higher LTV goes, the higher LTV goes, the more negative you can go on the front, right? And so now you can go from the higher that LTV goes. Now you can go from level two to level three where you can go negative and the more negative you can go and the more negative you can go, that means the higher you can make your maximum allowable acquisition cost, right?

So you can make it even higher, the more negative you can go, the higher that maximum allowable acquisition cost goes. And understand, right? That, and this is a huge shift, and I think that I I say it in here somewhere, right? Like the average entrepreneur is thinking about how do I reduce my customer acquisition costs? And the pro is thinking, how can I afford to spend even more to acquire a customer?

Not how can I merely spend more, but how can I afford to, well, I can afford to when I make my my assets worth that much more, right? When my assets become worth, like again, if Netflix says, like when I, let's go back to that example before and I said, right, let, let's go back actually to not, not way back, but when I said, um, you know, if right you acquire a buyer today, the buyer's worth a hundred dollars and then in three months, 90 days from now there were 300. So let me ask Natalia, so would you make that investment? So right now you're three xing your money, so to speak. You invest a hundred bucks today, let's just say, right?

And let's just say in 90 days you get 300 back. And so like, you'd make that investment. And so, okay, great. So cool. So now, right now the question though becomes right, like, so if right now let's say that we increase the lifetime value and instead of 300, now that that customer is worth 400 at 90 days, 'cause we, we increased LTV by rolling out an additional campaign or whatnot, well then the question becomes, okay, now would you be willing to invest one 50 to get that right?

So now the question is, let me, let me ask it again. Would you be willing to invest one 50 today to get 400 back in 90 days? And so let me see that answer. So would you be willing to invest 150 today to get back 400 in 90 days? Lemme take a drink real quick.

Yes, Natalia said, and I agree, right? But you see how the reason why we were willing to go from investing a hundred to investing 150 today, which makes it easier for us to, right? Like again, if I, if I could spend one 50 to acquire a customer, it's now the game is much easier for me than when I can only afford to spend a hundred, right? And when I was to spend a hundred is infinitely easier than spending only being able to spend 50, right? And being able to spend 50 is infinitely easier to acquire a customer compared to if I could only spend 10 to acquire a customer, right?

Like there's such minimal stuff that I can do if I can only afford to spend 10. And so the point is right when you can afford to spend more, right? Like the game becomes easier and right, the reason why we were willing to spend more was because we increased LTV and so, right? That's why pros focus on driving up a OV and LTV. The average think the most important aspect of an optimized campaign is a high enough sales conversion rate.

I guess you could, you could almost say that all of these for the average are almost thinking the same thing, right? Like they think that like ultimately optimized means, you know, like I got my sales conversion rate up to 6% or 5% or 8% or whatever it is, depending on the price point of the offer, um, et cetera. But the pros, right? They're not shooting for a target sales conversion rate, they're shooting for a target a OV, right? Like in other words, right?

Again, and or LTV, depending on if they're at level three, I'm not shooting for, I don't, I I don't, I'm right, I'm always shooting ultimately for a CPA to a OV ratio, right? And depending on like ul, ultimately I'm always shooting for a target A OV because I know that even if I'm breakeven that target a OV determines how much I can afford to spend to acquire the customer. And even, let's just say if I was willing to be at 80% roas, right? Well the higher the A OV is, that means the higher, again, even at an 80% roas, that means the higher my maximum allowable acquisition cost is. And so I'm not shooting for an average conversion rate, I don't care what it is.

I use the, the sales conversion rate to understand how well a campaign is performing. And specifically that piece of the campaign is, is performing. And I understand, of course the sales conversion rate has an impact on CPA, right? Um, because right, the higher the conversion rate, the lower the CPA goes, right? Assuming that, right?

If the cost of traffic, look, if you acquire, think about it like this, let's say, right? We, we um, we invest a thousand bucks and we generate five, five, um, customers. Well, right? In that case, we've got a $200 cost per acquisition. We spent a thousand bucks, we generated five customers, right?

A thousand divided by five is 200 bucks. There's a cost per acquisition of 200 bucks. Well, if we were able to double the conversion rate and we went from five to 10 customers on that same thousand dollars, we now cut the CPA in half. We cut it from from 200 down to 100, the 100 that we've been talking about. So of course, I recognize that sales conversion rate is a tool.

It it, number one, it tells us how well that asset in the, the marketing and, and sales vehicle is working in the campaign. And I know that it's a tool that impacts the CPA, but again, at the end of the day, I'm looking at CPA to a OV ratio. The average, they focus on campaign performance metrics, call it marketing metrics, opt-in rate, sales conversion rate, order form, completion rate, bump, offer conversion rate, upsell conversion rate, et cetera. Whereas pros, focus on financial metrics, cost per acquisition, average order value, customer value at X number of months, X number of weeks, lifetime customer value, et cetera, because right. These are the metrics that ultimately determine whether your business is scalable, viable, um, profitable, et cetera.

The camp, the, the campaign performance metrics are just that. They're metrics that are telling you how well the different pieces of your campaign are performing, but they don't tell you the viability of a campaign. You don't know, by looking at a sales conversion rate, whether it's low, whether it's high, you don't know just because it's low, that that campaign is not viable as well. You don't, you can't look at a sales conversion rate that's high or high for average, you know, um, industry average, and know that, uh, that campaign is wildly scalable. You can't know either of those things in those instances, because the opposite may be true.

The low conversion rate campaign could be crushing it, right? And the, in terms of CPA to a OV ratio, and the reverse could be true with the high can conversion rate, right? And so, again, you could see here that this, the average is playing a marketing game, and the pros are playing an economic game, are playing a financial game, and they're looking for ways to manipulate the financials because that's all that matters average. They focus on trying to increase a OV here with one to three, maybe transaction maximization offers like a bump, offer, an upsell and a downsell. Whereas pros, they focus on trying to increase a OV with as many different transaction maximization offers as possible.

A self-liquidating offer, an upgrade offer, a bump offer, upsell, downsell, second chance offer, post-sale credit offer, immediate backends, like, right? In other words, because pros recognize how critical and essential a high A OV is in, in being able to increase acquisition cost, allowable acquisition costs, pros, like we go the distance, like in trying to increase, um, A OV. And so big, big difference from the average average, they focus on trying to make their numbers work right away with a single campaign. Now, I'm getting into, I'm going above and beyond this, this training, but I'm gonna just share this quickly with you guys anyway. So the average will say, we'll, we'll put a single campaign in place of, call it a front end campaign, and they will try to make their numbers work their numbers in this context, CPA to a OV, um, with that one campaign.

Like for whatever reason, they're, they, you know, they operate with this mindset of, I need to think about, you know, I, I, I, I have only one campaign to be able to acquire customers and pay for the acquisition of those customers. Like, that's, that's just this accepted mindset. They might not, they might not have that mindset. Like they might not verbalize that. They might not even be aware of it.

But most entrepreneurs, most marketers online, that's the way that they treat it. They, they're looking at this campaign and like, ah, man, this thing isn't working. Whereas pros are willing to have a longer timeline, or what I typically refer to as a monetization window. This is, this goes to that level three, see, level three, right? They're willing to have a longer timeline and use backend campaigns to make the numbers work, right?

Meaning like, look, maybe I, maybe let, let, let's go back to that first example of, um, of, uh, when I said the front end is the A OV is the value of a customer on the day that they become a customer. And I said to you guys, that, right? That doesn't include a campaign that you roll out or an offer that you roll out to customers five days later, right? That's not what a OV means. But see, pros, right?

Like, I'm willing to go, I'm willing to have a 70% ROAS on that first campaign, because I know that in the second campaign, let's say in this example, that's gonna, that's gonna get rolled out to those customers, that's five days later that I'm going to write, recoup and make up the loss, the negative, the deficit, and get me to break even. So, I'm willing to have, let's say in this simple example, a five day timeline rather than merely a, a single day timeline, which is what a lot of, uh, most average entrepreneurs do. If you think about the Agora companies, right? They have a six month timeline. Their monetization window is six months, right?

So they don't, they don't, they're not merely looking at, right, well, what happens on day zero? Well, uh, man, these people are, we're not making any money on them on day zero. So let's, they're like, well, let's look at day seven. Let's look at day 14. Let's look at day 60.

Let's look at day 90. Let's look at six months. Boom, there it is. And they've got the cash flow so they can do it. Reminds me of a story that the late great Clayton Mpe shared with me once, right?

One of the best copywriters ever to play this game incredible, was with Weiss Financial and just crushing it with control after control. He told, he told this story of like, where once he, he sat down with Martin Weiss, the head of the company, uh, it was, they were big financial publishing company. And Martin said like, look, Clayton, this, this campaign, this new campaign, like it's not working, you know, at day 30. Like, it's just not, we're we're still negative, right? Um, and Clayton said, all right, let me, let me look at the numbers, blah, blah, blah.

And, and, all right, you know, we might have to scrap it. Clayton looked at the numbers and he was like, look, Martin, I've got the idea. I know exactly how we can make this, this, you know, how we could make this campaign, you know, work these customers that were acquiring work. And Martin was like, all right, what's, what's, you know, like, what, what do you think? What do we need to do?

Change the copy, change the lead, change the offer. Clayton said, no, we just need to look at the numbers instead of at day 30 at day 45, and it works, right? In other words, what Clayton was saying was, ultimately, let's expand the monetization window instead of why are we only looking at day 30 or 30 days? When if we look at 45 days now all of a sudden at 45 days, and assuming that, right, we've got the cash flow, they have the cash flow for sure, that like, it works well now, right? We would've cut off a viable campaign, a valuable campaign, merely because our monetization window was too brief.

And so that's the difference that pros are willing to say, I don't, I don't really, I'm in the game of acquiring assets. These assets are customers, clients, students, subscribers, et cetera. There's no rule that says I can only acquire them and pay for them, pay to acquire them, or recoup my ad spend with one campaign. I don't What if, what if it takes me two campaigns? Who cares?

What if it takes me three campaigns? Who cares? Because again, see, I'm not in the marketing performance business. I'm in the customer acquisition business, and right, the customer acquisition business, right, is driven by economics, financials. And so it's not driven by, well, this guy has one campaign that acquires all of his customers.

There's no medal for that, right? There's no award for that. Like, uh, you know what I mean? It don't matter at the bank, right? When your money's being deposited, they're not asking you how many campaigns did it take for you to break even and profit from these customers?

It doesn't work that way. And so, right, that's the difference between a pro and average. The average care most about how well their marketing performs. The pros care most about how well their campaign financial metrics perform, right? I care most about C-P-A-A-O-V, lifetime customer value, value at day 14 and 30 and 60 and, and, and so on.

And, uh, and whatnot. The average, they think like a marketer, the pros, they think like an investor. And so, there you go. And so lemme just take a quick break and see if there's a question, and then I'm gonna go on and quickly, I know I'm running over, but I'm quickly, um, I'll quickly go through the third part of this presentation, which, uh, I somewhat really already alluded to, but, so, uh, Arnan says question, was it Clayton's confidence or something else? What would be, what would be the, what would he change on day 60 if the campaign was still not working?

In other words, how do you know the campaign is not working? Okay, so this is so great question. So it wasn't that the, it wasn't that Clayton was confident, um, in, in anything. It was that he looked at the numbers and he saw that the day, the, the value of the average customer at day 45 was no longer negative, was at break even due to other offers that Weiss was putting out, in other words, right? They would acquire a customer and they would acquire a customer, and then they would put out additional offers to those customers, right?

In, in the first week, the second week, the third week, the fourth week. And so Weiss looked at, all right, let, let me look at the value of these customers at day 30. We've just exposed them to, let's say, let's say they were exposing these people to these customers to one offer a week, let's just say, well, by day 30, right? They've been exposed to, right, four additional offers. And let's say they were still negative.

And that's what Martin was saying, like, man, 30 days in, man, look at these customers. They're still, you know, minus whatever, let's just say minus $10 a pop, right? And so Clayton then looked at the numbers and he saw, wow, okay, well, two weeks later, after we've exposed them to two more offers, now the average lifetime value, the average value of a customer, right, is enough to recoup all of our ADSD spend. In other words, right? At day 30, the customers could have been worth, let's go back to that.

You know, let's say that they spent $125 to acquire a customer. I'm just using this number for illustrative purposes. They were, uh, they were, oops, lemme turn this on. They were, you know, they were willing, the customers worth a hundred bucks and they were willing to spend, you know, let's call it 150, right? $150 to acquire a customer.

So they were spending 150 to acquire a customer. Those customers were worth a hundred dollars to them on day zero, meaning that, right? They were going $50 negative. And now maybe, let's just say for argument's sake, for simplicity's sake, that over the first 30 days, they were exposed to a new offer a week, those customers, and the average value, uh, of a customer went from a hundred to 1 25, meaning that on average now, right? At day 30, right?

Day zero customers were worth a hundred. Day 30 customers are worth 1 25. Now, Martin Martin's looking, and he's saying, man, they're worth 125 bucks. We're still minus, we're still negative 25 on these. Now, imagine that Clayton was able to look at the numbers instead of just looking at 30.

He looked at, he looked at it over 45 days, and he said, wow, when he looked at, at 45 days, he saw that with an additional two offers that they, that they put out, um, to these customers, that at day 45, the customers were worth one 50. And so now, right? And if we look at, you know, if we look at day 30, it looks like we're, we're acquiring like we're losing money, but really by day 45, now we've acquired this asset, the single most valuable asset in the business for free. It's kind of like saying, right? Like, it's like, let's say you acquire a piece of real estate, right?

That you're gonna rent out. Well, right? Like, and at day 30, you're still negative on the property and you're like, man, I'm, I'm negative on this property. Like I'm out $25,000, let's say, right? But two weeks later, right?

That $25,000 came in and now you're at breakeven on that property, and now every additional dollar that comes in, right, is profit for you. So Clayton was able to show him like, whoa, whoa, whoa, if we were to cut this off, right? Because at day 30, right, we're still negative, we would be turning off a winning campaign, assuming that we're willing to go to 45 days, meaning, right? Like meaning, well, we have the cash flow to float. It's not like 45 days is too late.

It's not like if we acquire 10,000 customers and right, we have to wait this extra two weeks to get the break even, we're gonna run out of money, right? And so let's just be willing to wait an extra two weeks to recoup the money. That's it. So it wasn't that Clayton was confident in anything that he was gonna do, he was just able to look at the numbers. And that's why I say to you guys, that's why I said that, right?

That in order to operate at level three, you need to know your lifetime value. You need to know your numbers, right? Because if you don't know your numbers, you could be going negative to negative on the front, like you're going $50 negative, and then you realize, wait, I don't even make an additional $50 on the back end. Like meaning, like, I'm never gonna get to break even unless I do something different. So my point is, is that it wasn't anything that he was gonna do, it's just he looked at a different window of time and he looked to see what the value was, and he saw what the value was.

So all he was telling Martin was, don't, let's not, let's not judge these by 30 day value. Let's judge these customers by 45 day value, because at 45 day value, right? They were breakeven, or maybe even better, right? I don't even remember, um, it was a long time ago that he shared that lesson with me. And so hugely valuable lesson.

And so with that, let me, let's keep going and let's go back here so that I can get you out of here in a reasonable time. So ultimately, right? Excuse me, I said that what it comes down to is, um, awesome, glad to hear that. That was helpful. Cool.

Really what it comes down to, like I told you, is the, the only number that I really care about is the cpa, A to AOV ratio, and right? That's the number that to me, tells me everything that I need to know about a campaign. 'cause if the ratio is one-to-one, that's money. I don't care what your business looks like, right? Um, again, assuming that you don't need to pull out profit right?

Now, if there's a one-to-one ratio, CPA to a OV, you're acquiring the single most valuable asset of your business, absolutely. At free. Your bank account is no less today than it was a week ago, except now you've got more customers, right? And so understand that, right? Like to me, what that means is, right, there is no, when somebody's, like, if I said to you, Hey, let me, let me ask you guys this, and let me, let me see who's the first to answer this.

If I said to you is a $50, um, CPA, um, bad, somebody tell me, is a $50 CPA bad $50 cost per acquisition bad? No. How, how do you know that? How do you know that? Arnand, how do you know that?

How you said no? How do you know that? Well, what if, oh, in this example, so in this example, right? No, but right. If our a OV was 30, right?

Then the answer might be yes, really, right? So let me ask you this. Let, let me make up a forget the a hundred dollars average thing that we've been saying. Let me ask you, this is a, is a $200 a OV good is a $200 a OV? Good.

There you go. Oh, man, you are, that, that's the answer right there. Super proud of you guys. Um, Natalia and Arnand, uh, love it. That that is the answer, right?

It depends, right? And see, that's why I, I always say like, see, I'm not shooting for a particular CPA, I'm shooting for the right CPA to a OV ratio. And so, right, if, let's again, just to keep, because it's super simple, right? If, if I am, if I am looking for a, um, a, uh, if I'm looking for a one-to-one ratio, well, all of these are a one-to-one ratio. All of these are a one-to-one ratio.

All of these allow me to break even. All of these recoup my ad spend, right? All of these are a hundred percent roas, right? Like, all of these put me at level two. I don't care.

Like I, so when, like, I would never look at either of these out of context. In other words, I don't care whether, if, if I don't care if I have a $50 CPA or a thousand dollars CPA, as long as if I have a $50 CPA, I've got at least a $50 a OV. If I'm looking at operate at level two, or if, you know, I'm at a thousand dollars CPA, I have at least a thousand dollars a OV, all of these are viable campaigns that I would run with every day, all day, and I wouldn't turn off. Now, of course, there's value in $50, CPA, um, and a $50 a OV over a thousand dollars CPA, and a thousand dollars a OV, right? The value ultimately, if you're looking for volume, if you're looking to acquire a lot of customers, right?

Well, it's gonna require a lot more money. Um, if you're at a thousand dollars CPA to acquire 10,000 customers compared to, um, over here, right? Meaning, like your money, the velocity at which you acquire customers is greater, right? Over here than over here, unless you've got, you know, unlimited deep pockets, so to speak. But the point is, right, is that I don't care what this, I don't care what this is.

Like, I don't, as long as the CPA matches the A OV, if I'm looking to break even, I'm, I'm good to go. The whole game is ultimately right. What this game is about is this game is about manipulating CPA and a OV meaning, right? What do we ultimately wanna do? We want to ultimately, we wanna ultimately bring down either bring down CPA and or bring up a OV some sort of, you know, some sort of combination.

Um, right? And so over, over here, right? Excuse me, bringing down CPA and bringing up a OV, like if we have $110 CPA and a $48 A OV, right? We could either focus on increasing a OV over here, we could focus on decreasing, um, CPA, or we could focus on a little bit of each, right? We could focus on, um, both.

And we're not gonna get into today, uh, maybe we'll do a little bit of this on, uh, our next session together. Um, but what you focus on, like when you focus on CPA, um, it's a bit of a comprehensive answer. So I'm gonna hold that for now. We're not gonna, we're not gonna get into that more often than not. What I will tell you is this, that it is much more difficult to bring down CPA than it is to increase a OV.

So it's much more difficult. There are really only two things that you can do really ultimately to drive down CPA, you can decrease your cost per visitor, or you can increase your sales conversion rate. That's it. Those are the only two things that you can do to drive down CPA. So decreasing your cost per visitor is, um, is oftentimes a very difficult thing to do, because marketplace, the marketplace determines today with online, um, platforms and the algorithms, the marketplace determines the value of a click or the value of a visitor.

So there's only so much that you can decrease your cost per visitor. You can't, right? Like, if you're paying above average, then of course, there are things that you can do to bring down your cost per visitor. Um, but you can only bring down your cost per visitor so much. It's like, think of it like an ounce of gold, right?

If an ounce of gold is $2,000 an ounce, right? And you're not gonna get it down to 500, like, unless you're getting, getting it off the back of a truck, or, you know what I mean? Like, it's not happening. And so, right? So, um, there's that.

The other thing is that, right, um, increasing sales conversion rate is also one of the most difficult parts of the campaign. It's one of the most difficult metrics to move because you're dealing with a prospect. And so, right, what we're talking about here is, right, um, is prospects, right? So to, like, when we say increasing sales conversion rate, we're talking about, right? Convincing more prospects to buy, right?

And you add to that the fact that there's only so much that you could bring CPA down, meaning, let's say we've got, let's go back to that a hundred dollars example, right? So, um, right, a hundred dollars a OV and a hundred dollars CPA, let's just say, right? Well, there's, to bring down the CPA, there's only a hundred dollars of movement, right? Like if you brought it down to zero and there is no way to, you're not gonna be able to bring it down to zero, right? My point is, the maximum amount of decrease that you could have on a hundred dollars CPA is a hundred dollars of movement.

But on the a OV, there is no cap on the upside. So there is nothing that says, right, that you can only go from 100 to 150 or 100 to 200 on the A OV, there is no cap. And right, you are dealing with customers now, because a OV is really driven, it's driven by a couple of things. It's driven by increasing the core offer price and adding more, you know, adding more transaction maximization offers, like, you know, another upsell, a second upsell, et cetera, and increasing the take rate on those, the conversion rate, um, um, on those. Um, and so the, the, the thing to understand here is that right, there is no cap to how much you can increase a OV, right?

There's nothing that says you can't increase a OV from a hundred to 300, right? Like, but you can only lower the CPA if it's a hundred by a hundred maximum. And right? Like, and the reality is you're not even gonna come close to that because like, it, it, like, you're not, there's just no way to do it, right? Like it's not gonna happen.

And right? You're dealing with prospects. So on, on the CPA side, right? The CPA side and manipulating the CPA side is much, much, much more difficult than is on the, uh, than increasing the a OV side. The a OV side, right?

Um, you're talking about, you're, you're, you're dealing with buyers at this point. These are people that have purchased the core offer, right? Um, they're buyers here, right? Uh, and so by the sheer nature of comparing, is it easier to get buyers to buy more or, uh, uh, to get prospects to buy for the first time? It's easier to get buyers to, to buy more, and there is no cap to the upside.

So while there's only a hundred dollars of movement on the CPA side in this example, there's an infinite upside potential, right? I'm not saying that it's likely, but there's nothing that says you can't go from a hundred dollars, you know, uh, um, a OV to 300 or 400 or 500 for that matter. And so, um, and so, um, there you go. And so that's ultimately what I want to leave you with tonight is, right? Like I gave you a lot, uh, I gave you a lot tonight in terms of like, things to think about, right?

That, right? The game is an economic game. It's not a, a marketing performance game. It's a game of financial metrics, not campaign performance metrics, right? I gave you the difference between the way pros think and the average entrepreneurs and marketers think we talked about the, the, the, that speed of growth is determined by your maximum allowable acquisition costs.

We talked about how it makes the game much easier, how it gives you an advantage the higher your, excuse me, allowable acquisition cost goes. We also talked about the different levels of acquisition aggression, and why everybody should really, ultimately, really be at, um, start at at least level two. Level one, you just stifle your growth so much. Um, and how ultimately what that means is that whether you're at level two or level three, the higher your A OV goes, the higher your maximum allowable acquisition cost can go. Whether your break even, or even operating in a negative, right?

Like the higher your A OV, the higher you push your A OV, the more money you can, you can spend, you're able to spend to acquire a customer. And the more money you're able to spend to spend to acquire a customer, the easier this game becomes, the faster that you can grow. Um, and the bigger the advantage, um, you have. And then we finished up with, by me explaining to you guys the difference between, right? Like the, the, how you can, you know, you can think about it as cost and, and value, like, right?

We want to, you know, ultimately we want to drive the cost down, you know, and drive the value up. But driving the cost down is much more difficult than driving the value up. And I would say that the overwhelming majority of marketers and entrepreneurs online, they are so caught up in the wrong thing. They're thinking about marketing performance, and they're thinking about, how do I drive down my cost, right? Like, how do I get that CPA, how do I drive the cost down?

Where the pros are thinking about not the marketing performance, but they're thinking about the economics, and they're thinking about how do I make the value of these assets worth so much more so that I can afford to spend so much more than my competitors to acquire them, right? Because, you know, understand driving down the CPA or attempting to drive down the CPA is really a fool's errand because in the overwhelming majority of markets and valuable platforms, the cost of media will only go up. It's only gone up over the years, right? Like there are, I see today there are things, there are keywords that when, when ad words first came out, so, right, like I was marketing online before there was Google ad words ads and whatnot, there was, I, I remember paying 20, 23, 20 5 cents for what today you would pay $4 and 25 cents for, right? And so, platforms that are valuable, markets that are valuable, the cost of media will only go up, which means if you can only make a campaign work with an extremely low CPA, your business is extremely vulnerable.

The, the business that's not vulnerable is the one that can pay two x What the typical entrepreneur in the, in the niche of the marketplace can afford to spend to acquire a customer, that business is not vulnerable. Because when cost go up, they're still good, right? They can outbid their, their, their competitors. They can have campaigns that are at a fraction of the conversion rate. Um, they can do things that their competitors can't do.

And so that's ultimately what it is that you want. And so that's it for tonight. Does anybody have any, um, any looming question, um, for me? If not, we're gonna wrap this. And what I would encourage you to do is I would encourage you tomorrow, um, to really tomorrow when you get the recording of this, to definitely go through the training again, because we did, we covered a lot.

And like I said to you, understanding this and using this has been one of the most valuable lessons that I've learned over the last, you know, two plus decades in this crazy direct response world. Really, I wish I learned it earlier, right? Because I was, you know, the typical mom and pop entrepreneurs thinking about, man, I, if we can only get our marketing budget lower, if we can lower that line item on the p and l, right? Because they're looking at it as an expense, right? Not realizing that when done right, it's an investment and therefore, right, if it's a profitable investment, well, I wanna make more of those investments, not less, right?

And the more profitable I can make it, the, the, these investments, the more aggressive I can get with those investments. Like that is, um, that is huge. So, okay, so it looks like there's one question. So Natalia asks, if CPA to a OV is one-to-one, but LTV is five x the A OV in three to four months, how aggressively should we scale paid traffic? Or should we focus on increasing a OV first?

So if you're, if CPA to a OV right now is one to one, and LTV is five x the A OV, ultimately what that means is that your LTV, your, your CAC two LTV is one to five, you spend a dollar and you make back $5, if that's right, to make sure that that's what you're saying here, right? That you're right in three to four months, I would definitely not stay at break even. Like, in other words, I would not, I would absolutely not be operating at break even. Why would you do that? Like, right?

The reality is, if you, if you're like, if you have a one to three ratio of CAC to LTV, you're doing great. Like, you're doing great. You have a one to five ratio of CAC to LTV in three to four months. That right? That's, I, that's not even LTV, that's like incremental LTV, right?

Assuming that there's value beyond those three to four months, I would absolutely be going negative on the front because you'll be able to acquire more buyers. And so it's, you know, it's, it's like, look, if every time you put a dollar into a machine, right? Um, you know, you get back, you know, $5, right? I wanna put, you know, like you, you want to, it's hard to, it's hard to explain with you. You want to, you wanna go negative.

I I would absolutely go negative 99%, if not 100% of the biggest, best marketers on the planet, direct response marketers all go negative. I know because I've seen behind 90 the the wall of 99% of them, right? And I know exactly what it is that, um, they're doing, and that's how they're able to scale. That's why you can see campaigns that like you, I mean, you're in just an enviable position because it's extremely rare in most businesses to have, you know, to, to five x your acquisition costs in, you know, in 90 to 120 days. That's like incredible.

And so that is where, right? I would feed that machine, like I would feed that machine. How much you feed it is ultimately dependent on your cash flow. In other words, what I, what I mean by this, what I mean by that is this. So let's say, um, let me say this.

Let's say you decided to go $50 negative on the acquisition of a buyer, right? Which, unless you got massive deep pockets, like, you know, uh, I wouldn't be doing that. Um, right? Like I, none of our portfolio companies go 50 bucks negative. But let's say you go $50 negative, let's say you, you, you say, um, you say, I'm just trying to make this as simple as I can.

Uh, as an illustration for you, let's say you go $50 negative, and let's say you don't recoup that, you don't get to break even until 30 days, right? So I know that in this example, you're, you know, five x, you know, three to four months, but let's say you don't get to break even for 30 days. And so you're going $50 negative, um, on a customer. And let's say, um, that, uh, you acquire, you scale this bad boy up and you acquire a thousand customers a day, right? A thousand customers a day will change your life forever, right?

And so you're acquiring a thousand customers a day. Now you could do the math and see, right? That's $50,000 a day that's going out of your bank account. Well, unless you've got a bank account filled with cash, you might run out of money in two weeks. And so, and two weeks later, you are out of money.

And so even though, right, you, you made a, like, it was smart to acquire at a loss because of the return that you're gonna get the five x, you, you, it was not smart to do it at that amount based on scale. See, it's not, it's not an easy answer to give you, right? Because it all depends on what is sustainable for your, for your business in terms of cash. Like look, if you have a boutique, okay, awesome. If you have a boutique agency, like in this example, if you had a boutique agency and or a, you know, boutique style business where you were acquiring 10 clients a week, right?

And you were going $50 negative, you're good to go, right? You could go more than $50 negative, right? E even if you don't get to break even until day 30, right? Because $50 negative on 10 customers, right? It's 500 bucks a week, right?

Big deal. The most that you'll be out is 200 bucks, right? At when, and then you'll reco you'll, you'll get to break even on the first batch. And so all your floating is right in that example is 200, right? And so that's, uh, uh, you know, a complete no brainer.

So it's all about, right, like scale, cash flow, what your business can withstand and, right? And so based on that, the more aggressive that you can be, the bigger and faster you'll grow, period, the bigger and faster you will grow. And so I can tell you that, um, yeah, I can tell you that, uh, my gosh, I, I see, you know, if you looked at only the front end on many of the companies, big companies that I consult with, a hundred million dollars plus companies, $60 million plus companies, uh, it would be, it's terrifying because it's red, red, red, red, red, red, red. But it's that they've got the cash flow to float until they get to break even and profitable. And they're just doing it at such scale on the, on the front end, right?

That in other words, like, like they're call going negative $20 on a buyer and they're acquiring a thousand buyers a day and they're going negative $20,000, but it's because they know what a buyer is worth. They know when that buyer is gonna be, is gonna get to break even, get to profitable and continue right? To, to, to grow in their profitability. And they've got the cash flow to float to do it, and they're able to do it at scale. And so, but the whole game is this, it's a game of economics.

It's a game of economics. Just remember, you're an investor and you're investing in the acquisition of assets and right? And ultimately you want, you wanna make sure like, you know, like, uh, you know, we, Natalia like when she said, you know, earlier, you know, no, I wouldn't make that investment if it was six months or whatever, right? Too long. I love that answer because right, she's thinking like an investor.

That's the same way that you need to be thinking here, just recognize that this whole game is won or lost based on, right. C-P-A-A-O-V and LTV ultimately you could even say really CPA and LTV and just, right? And you could make the argument that we, if you really wanna simplify it, you could say there's CPA, the cost to acquire a customer and there's lifetime value on the, you know, day zero, lifetime value, seven days, 14 days, 30 days, uh, 60 days, 90 days, six months, et cetera. And you just wanna make sure that, right? That, that is a profitable like that, that your lifetime value is more than your cost per acquisition.

And that you're getting, you're getting the return on your capital, capital, excuse me, in the proper time for where your business is at right now. And so hopefully that helps and makes sense for everybody. Hopefully you got value out of this. I would, my pleasure. I would, um, yeah, definitely go through the recording again, please.

This is one of the most valuable lessons that I've learned in the, you know, the multiple decades that I've been doing this. And I really hope that you guys get it. I really hope that you guys really absorb it, think about it, ponder it. Of course, Paul and I are here to help you in whatever way we can. This is an opportunity like Al you can get into detail with Paul 'cause he certainly understands this, uh, as well.

He can help you kind of do some calculations for your particular business for all of you. Um, and so that's what we are here for. But please think about this, take it to heart and um, and then put this into motion in your business and I promise you it's gonna be a game changer for you. And so that's all she wrote, gang for tonight. That's it for my E five Alliance call.

Looking forward to, uh, to our next one. And, um, keep your eye out for some goodies from us. 'cause there's, there's more good stuff coming in the E five Alliance. And so that's all she wrote. Take care everybody.

Goodnight. God bless you guys, and I'll see you next time.
