---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-10-23 13:00:39"
date: 2023-10-23
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3091
vimeo_id: 877144242
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-10-23 13:00:39

**Date:** 2023-10-23 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, Todd, can you hear me okay? Hey, buddy, how are you? Hey, man. I'm doing amazing. Thank you so much for arranging this in, in, um, such a quick time.

I really appreciate It. Oh, of course, of course, man. When you reach out and there's a a need for a quick discussion, I'm here for you, man. And so, uh, thank you. Really looking forward to, to hearing what's going on and seeing how how I can help, man.

Yeah, absolutely. And, uh, yeah, I'm just really grateful, man. 'cause I, I know like top one, you guys have like an, like an intense weekend with copy legends and all that, so it means the world to me that, that you're, you're still taking your time after like a, a a he hectic week for this, so Oh, Of course, man. Always, always. And so tell me what's going on.

So you gotta, you have a big client meeting end of the month and it's a make or break meeting. Exactly. And so tell me a little bit ab gimme some background, tell me a little bit about this meeting, what the purpose of the meeting is, why you feel it's make or break, and then go into what you are, are kind of, uh, what you want some insights on or what you may be struggling with a little bit. Sure, absolutely. So, uh, I guess to just simplify everything, we just got contacted by, uh, what I cheekly call like a, a whale client of ours in, in the Hong Kong beauty industry.

Uh, they've locked in a half day consultation with us. That's, that's due to happen someti sometime within next month or so. Um, usually that's no sweat because we've often seen that many businesses in Asia, regardless of size, they miss out on some di some basic direct marketing principles, a few tweaks here and there. And while we unlock massive growth for them, but then, uh, after diving into some research and their client assessment forms, it turns out that the beauty is that, is that what you call, right? The beauty industry over there are just leagues ahead of everybody else.

It's like as if they ripped out, um, pages from our, our playbook. They're, they're, they're rocking, uh, uh, free trials, influencer marketing, uh, unique marketing mechanisms, uh, and the, and, and the whole, whole shebang. But, um, don't get me wrong, like I've still snipped out some opportunities for them that, that they haven't leveraged. I got a ton of id id ideas to set them apart, but this is kind of like uncharted territories for me because, uh, they're, they're basically operating on a level five on the promise exposure spectrum. And so I thought, who better to reach out to than, than than Todd, because this is, um, yeah, why, why is this so important for us?

It's because like we can potentially upsell them into like a long term, uh, partnership together because we can see that, um, uh, for, for us, there's a lot of opportunities there. But, uh, and, and, and, and to just add them onto our portfolio. But for now, uh, that's, that's kind of where we need your, your, your guidance and advice on Todd. It's how can, how can they differentiate themselves when they've pulled up all the stops and they're, they're just in the prospect level. So let me know how else you want me to.

Yeah, Yeah. So, um, some points, some, some questions for some additional clarification. So it sounds like, correct me if I'm mistaken, they're coming to you for this half day consult to get your insights on how they can improve the results that they're getting, Correct? Yes. Uh, they've, um, they're spending around 80 grand in, in ads.

And, and the biggest flaw that, well, well, the biggest issue that they want to take care of is their show up rates because the funnels are pulling in good, good, um, uh, uh, uh, appointment bookings to their offline stores. But when it comes to show up, it post covid, they've dropped by around 50%. Like they've gone from 60% show rates being 30% now. And they're, that's, that's one of the core reasons that they wanted to reach out to us for, in their, their, uh, from, from their perspective, they're blaming the fact that it's a, a branding thing. Like as of they, they're, well, can't really judge, but from their perspective it's that their brand is just the same as everybody else.

And so there's, there's no differentiation. So that's Where, got it. Okay. And so it sounds like from what it is that you've shared, they're more sophisticated and savvier marketers than the majority. So they're kind of ahead of the curve in what it is that they know and what it is that they're already employing in their marketing, right, from what you've said.

Right. Fair, fair. Uh, and, and that's, that's the same with all their, uh, competitors because they, they've got more ridiculous. The, the offering is pretty much the same, but it's just that the marketing, because, uh, you know, the, the promise results are just, you know, improve appearance, skin health, uh, uh, enhance spatial features, reduce signs, aging, improve your, your, um, and, uh, yeah, I improve your physique and, and all that stuff. But the marketing is just, uh, like everybody's just using some conditional guarantees, let's say, and some are, are, are using free trials to get them in.

And so right now they, they also have that, but, and, and they've got like their own unique mechanisms, like everybody has as well. And so that's kind of where we're stuck at as, as well in terms of like, what, what's to put on on their, their sales page and headlines and whatnot. Yeah. So, okay. And so it also sounds like, and again, correct me if I'm mistaken, but it sounds like you've, you've, you've really done some research on them to, uh, to understand their marketing, understand their positioning, understand their unique mechanisms.

Have you also, just out of curiosity, have you also kind of dug in and identified any potential gaps in their marketing that they're, that they may not be aware of? And what I mean by that, like, for example, is like, are they savvy enough to understand how to maximize a O V with things like, you know, bumps, upsells? Are they doing a second chance offer to increase a o v? Like are they, have you identified that? Have you identified any potential gaps in their marketing?

Besides put put aside, let's say they've got the unique mechanisms nailed, excuse me, they've got the, the right promise for the market. Let's say that they've got all that stuff nailed. Have you, identi, have you identified any additional gaps in their marketing? Uh, for sure. Yeah.

Uh, one of which, or, or two of which is, uh, just helping them scale spherically, which is like a concept I learned from Col Col Gordon by, by taking their ads and, and just targeting like a different, a avatar because the one common denominator, uh, well, the one common thing, the theme that all beauty industries are, are doing with our ads are targeting the, the ads with testimonials or, or, uh, uh, the age group or the, the images tailored to like a younger audience and with like really young, good looking woman as opposed to, you know, the, the, uh, like the older middle age, uh, everyday woman. And so that's just one shift that I'm thinking to, to just help them rebrand a a little bit and, and target more of that audience as, as they're mostly forgotten on that side. But as, uh, but on, and then on on the a o V side, uh, that's definitely like a, like something that I've been, uh, trying to dig deeper on right now to find out like what's their upsell, their process, because there's, I can see that there's some potential there, but one caveat to that is that I've dis I've, I've discovered how there's such a bad rep within in the industry right now because of how many upsells there are and, and just how dirty most of the practices are after they've, they've gotten somebody into the foot, uh, in, uh, gotten somebody to step foot into their door. Like they, right now by just searching up beauty, like any beauty industry, there's a, like a scam next to it in the Google search out. So for example, like company A and then there's like, uh, a Google search company, A scam, company B, and there's company B scam.

And so, and many of the reviews just came from that because there's so much upsells and they've done it, done it really poorly. And so I'm just kind of hesitant on, on that as well, but Okay, Smart, I mean, smart to really understand the sentiment of the market and to know what they respond well to and what they don't respond well to. Mm-hmm. So, um, I mentioned that, just kind of file it away in the back of your head, because often, like when I used to have clients fly in for the day into West Palm, often they would come in and they would say like, I wanna work on X. And whenever a client would come in and say like, I want your help with X number one, I would always make sure that we addressed X in the consult, like at some point.

So I wanna give them ultimately what they want. Yeah. But what I also wanna, would wanna do is I want to go through their, their marketing. Like, I wanna dig in because I wanna identify gaps, opportunities, other points of optimization, things that are missing, things that aren't being done as well as they could be done to see if we can get substantial incremental improvement from a multitude of things. So sometimes like, look, you know, while we're gonna address the X, and we'll come back to that in one second, increasing shows, um, you know, look, if you could increase a tiny percent here, a tiny percent here, a tiny percent here, and a tiny percent here, you get an exponential effect to use a J Abraham term, uh, term.

Exactly. And so I'm always gonna dig in and look for, uh, you know, I, I look at, again, gaps. What are they missing? What tactical things aren't they doing that they should be doing? Like, you know, again, if they were doing upsells, are they using a second chance offer?

'cause that immediately bumps, um, um, take. Uh, so I just recommend that you, um, you do that and even in the savviest of people, like the savviest of the savviest, you know, people, um, like, you know, uh, Brooke Castillo, right? Yeah. So, you know, Brooke, so when Brooke came in, right, one of the bet like flew in on a private plane was, you know, when I first met with her, she was doing 18 million, then second time she was doing, you know, she, we got her up to like 30 million. She was still missing these little, these little components.

Mm-hmm. And so sometimes it's right. And so be aware of that. Yeah. Let's go back for one second to the, um, to the show, uh, rate.

And so to make sure that I understand, so they're ultimately driving people into their physical locations, is that what you're saying? Uh, when you say show, show up to what, Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. That's correct. Yeah, there are.

Okay. Yeah, that's it. So, Okay. So, you know, look, you know, uh, I'm gonna, so look, of course, there's the, the typical kind of standard stuff that we can look at, like what is their follow-up process after somebody schedules an appointment? Yeah.

And is it benefit driven? And is it promise, you know, right? Are they, are they, are they treating that follow-up sequence the same way they would treat a full-blown marketing campaign, like with case studies and testimonials of people that said, I'm so glad that I attended my appointment, it changed my complexion, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So of course, there's the standard stuff, but one of the things that I would be thinking about, um, is I would be thinking about, I would look at the numbers, meaning I would look at what is a show worth to them? Yeah.

What is a, what is a show worth to them? And then depending on the value of the show, I would be thinking about, um, can we, is there a, an incentive, a bribe to show that would make it a no-brainer for the person? So hypothetically, right? Like, you know, like, look, if I had, I, I, you know, if hypothetically, I'm just gonna throw out some numbers to keep the math simple. If hypothetically a show was worth a hundred dollars every time a person showed up, they were worth, on average, a hundred bucks.

Some people significantly more, some people, you know, less. But it was an average of a hundred dollars. And I had, I, I could put together, let's say, a really cool bundle of, um, of, you know, cosmetics, you know, whatever we put together a bundle of, of, uh, cream, a cosmetic, an acne thing, whatever, and it cost us 10 bucks or 12 bucks. But it was something that the person would find really compelling, really valuable. It had a retail value of, of $30, and everybody that showed up got that I would, I would be leveraging that.

And so, in other words, you know, it was, it was years ago, it was, it was really interesting because Sherin had said something to me years ago, and we had talked about like, look, ultimately in a consultative sales process, let's take coal, right? So, you know, coal's in top one coal's now, like, I think they're about to crack 80 million for the year. It's ridiculous. Um, and Cole's very similar to you. Like, I only get the chance to talk to him like four times a year or something like that.

He's so freaking busy. Um, but you know, like for Cole, like what, what Rich had, what Rich was talking about it, and it applies so well to Cole, and it applies really potentially to your client, is look, the money, the money is made when people get on the phone, when they get on the phone with Cole or his team, the, the majority are getting closed, like, right? And they're, and they're high ticket. And so the reality is, what do we have to do to get people on the, on the phone, right? With Cole, in this case, in the case of your client, what do we need to do to get people to show up?

And if that means that we're putting in an investment to get, to get more people to show up, that's a no-brainer, right? It's, it's a no-brainer to get people in front of them. And so, rather than only think about what are we saying in the follow up process, are we showing, are, are we focusing on benefits? Are we highlighting case studies, testimonials, which we should be doing? All of that.

We should be treating that follow up process, like a full blown marketing campaign. Not treating it merely like a follow-up, but treating it like a full-blown marketing campaign where we need to build value around them, showing up what they stand to gain, what they stand to lose, uh, miss out on the benefits. I would've, again, like I said, case studies or at least little blurbs of what people said about, I'm so glad that I showed up to my appointment if game changer, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, all that. But I would also be incentivizing people. I certainly would be exploring that with your potential, with your, with your client, um, because that's where they make their money.

Yeah. And so, right, it, and it's a simple, it's simple math. It's just, are you willing to invest an extra $10 to get a hundred dollars of value? If the average show is worth a hundred dollars, are you willing to invest $20 to, to drive that? If we can drive that number through the roof?

And so yeah, it changes the economics, um, slightly, but so does increasing the show rate change the economics, right? In other words, like changing their show rate is gonna change the economics for the better in a, in a, in a substantial way potentially, whereas we might only negatively impact the economics of the transaction with a $10 or $12 incentive to get people there. Does that make sense? Yeah, a hundred percent. And, and, uh, there's a lot of potential there as well, because right now they're, they're running ads to a, a, a paid offer to get them to show up.

So already the, the, the, uh, incentive there is that they have to show up and they're, they have to be ready to pay. Um, which by, by changing it to be something like a, you know, free trial and have them show up, then have them go through a sales process, that dynamics changes immediately. And so absolutely. A topic. Yeah.

And, and look, you know, it's, it's also like, look, you, you could make the argument, and I've talked to folks, I've talked to clients, top one clients about this before you could make the case that the same, the same applies to, um, a strategy session. Like, look for, for what it's worth. And I know we're going down a, a, a, a, a, a separate path for one second, but, you know, I've always said to people, you have to understand that when you, when you make an offer for a strategy session, or when you make an offer for, um, somebody to come into your store to do X, Y, Z or to learn more about lm n o p, whatever you're presenting an offer, just because there's no transaction, there's no exchange of money, it's still an offer, right? And so when I think about an offer, I, I often think about how can we increase the value of the, the offer to the prospect? So you could certainly have, like, look, when you show up to a strategy session, right?

You, not, you, you, number one, you're gonna get a complete blueprint for how to scale your business from A to Z. You're gonna get our checklist for the tools that we recommend and use for how to scale from A to Z. And of course, you're gonna get one on a one-on-one consult for, you know, for understanding the opportunities in your business to scale. It's still a strategy session, it's still a strategy session offer ultimately, but it's sweetened compared to the other offers. And there's an additional reason now for people to show up.

And if that, like, if we could give a blueprint and a cheat sheet, and it's not complete, meaning it just makes them that much more excited for the solution. We've done a better job of getting them to show up. We are using tools that help us demonstrate even more of the value of what it is that we do, and we're driving more people to speak to a salesperson. Hmm. Great, great Insight.

And so does, does that make sense? Absolutely. Yeah. The, the other thing that I would say where, where I would go to is, um, is, and I know I'm bouncing around a bit, um, but going back to the, let's say their, their unique mechanisms. Yeah.

So one of the things that I always look at, because most people, even savvy marketers, um, get this wrong or don't do it as well as they could, but I would really look at their unique mechanisms, and I would really make sure that in their marketing, they are demonstrating what makes their unique mechanism superior to the others. Hmm. And so that's an important point. So, right, it, see, it's not, and this is important, this is really important, and this is what separates the average, you know, the average marketer who uses a unique mechanism, uh, from the marketer who uses the unique mechanism the right way. Yeah.

The whole pur, and this is important, the whole purpose of the unique mechanism is not merely to say we've got something different saying, right? Ultimately, the idea that we have something different is what gets attention. But what produces the conversion is proving that our unique mechanism is superior, and being able to demonstrate that, like, yeah, if you look at, you know, uh, like if there was, look, the reason why this product, uh, eliminates acne so much more efficiently than anything else out there is because there's an enzyme in there that allows our medication to penetrate to the deepest level of the epidermis the skin, right? Yeah. And so we're able to get to the root bacteria, and, and I'm just making all this up, right?

Yeah. So this gets to the root of the bacteria and flushes the skin, eliminating all of the, um, the, the root cause of the acne, right? And that's why this is blah, blah, blah. That's why this is able to, so in other words, it's not just saying we have a unique mechanism, but it's being able to, in your marketing concisely and clearly demonstrate why this unique mechanism makes this product superior. For sure.

And that's huge. That's everything like that. It's, that's the part that most marketers, especially like in our space, the, the online bus, uh, online marketing world, that they don't understand that they, they think the unique, the power of the unique mechanism is just having something different. But when you now get into a marketplace or a niche where everybody in their brother has a unique mechanism, so everybody is, is differentiated from one another, but it's our job to show that our difference is what makes our product superior. Got it.

Understood. So on the sales page and the VSLs, we wanna look for, how are the other people differentiating or whether or not they're differentiating at all, if at all, with, with others as well? If not, there's an opportunity there. Yeah. Like it's, you know, you know it e exactly.

And more often than not there, like I I would say, you know, nine outta 10 times, there is an opportunity there, because nine outta 10 times what most marketers, even the savvy ones, using a unique mechanism, what they're doing is they're merely stating that they have a unique mechanism. But what they're right, they're, and they're, they're naming it, right? And they're putting the name on there, this, you know, powered by X, or, you know, this includes, you know, element, n o p and element o p is their unique mechanism. But what they're not doing is ultimately telling the prospect why that matters. Like, so you have Lmm n Op, they have X, Y, Z, this one over here has A, B, C, and so now it's a matter of me as Mr.

Prospect, just picking which different mechanism sounds most appealing. No, I wanna understand in yours, like why LM n Op makes it more effective at giving me, you know, younger looking skin at eliminating wrinkles at, you know, uh, reducing bags under the eye. Why is it more effective? Why should I believe that this is the best choice, right? And I should believe that this is the best choice because the mechanism is superior, and you're gonna tell me how.

Got It. And, and sometimes that could be done in one little blurb, like, right, like includes, you know, X, Y, Z, which, you know, eliminates bacteria at the deepest levels of, you know, skin or, or something like that. And so does that, does that make sense? Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah.

I, I absolutely, I, so I, I think that, you know, um, without seeing any of their marketing, you know, without, uh, uh, um, and without being able to, to compare it or contrast it to everybody else, um, that they're competing with, that's kind of how I would look. I would start by looking for what are the gaps? Meaning, so what aren't they doing that if we were owners of that, the, the marketing, if we own the marketing, we would be doing okay. Yeah. Now, whether there are, there aren't, then I'm gonna go onto the optimizations.

Okay? So now I'm gonna look at all the things that they're doing, and I'm gonna look to see are there opportunities to improve what it is that they're doing based on what we know, right? Because just 'cause somebody has, you know, a follow-up sequencer, just 'cause somebody has a headline doesn't mean that it's the per, it's a, it's a great headline, or it's articulated the right way. Uh, and then I'm gonna look to, you know, I'm gonna dive deep into the unique mechanism, and I'm gonna look at, uh, I'm gonna look at all aspects of the, uh, of the unique mechanism. Then I would probably just go on to, you know, just confirm and make sure, and this kind of goes back to, you know, gaps.

Uh, but I'm gonna confirm that they are really nailing the benefits. Like they're really focusing on benefits and they're really nailing the benefits. They're, they're nailing the benefits that the audience, that the target market wants. Mm-hmm. So it's one thing to have benefit statements, it's another thing to make sure that those benefit statements line up with what the audience wants.

And I'm just gonna make sure that they're articulated the right way, right? Mm-hmm. Like, they're, they're articulated the right way. Sometimes also, ed, you know, like, uh, and this is where, as a marketing expert, you can go, you can go deeper sometimes, you know, we've got to, what are the, the benefits that the audience wants? And then we put them in order of priority to make sure that we're highlighting and focusing on the most valuable ones to the, um, to the audience.

And so, as part of that gaps and optimization, you know, portion, I'm gonna look at those things and make sure that they're really, uh, that they're really nailing it. And then of course, I would go to the, um, the follow-up for the appointments. I'd make sure that they've got the follow-up nailed, meaning they're focusing, like I said, it's a, it's a full blown marketing campaign. They're building massive value around the appointment, demonstrating proof of that value, focusing on benefits, focusing on, on what these people stand to gain, what they stand to miss out on. And then of course, I would look at, is there an opportunity to in incentivize show based on the numbers, based on the value of a show, based on, right.

Uh, you know, like, is there, you know, is there an opportunity to make a small investment for a potential big return by jacking up the, um, the show rate? And odds are throughout that process of looking at gaps, looking at optimization points, looking at the unique mechanism, looking at the copy in general, looking at the follow-up, other little things are gonna come up that right, that maybe they're doing, they're doing incorrectly, and, and that you'll be able to nail. Is that, does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah.

That's a great agenda to have. Uh, uh, and, uh, that's, it's a, it's great insight. Okay. Appreciate that. Yeah.

Is there anything else that like, 'cause I'm, I'm here like, and I wanna make sure that is there, is there anything else that, um, is there anything else that you would share or, or wanna hear from me to help you make this the best half day consult possible? Yeah, so I guess the, the, the other, the big thing that I wanna make clear of is how, how do I know whether or not an industry right now is operating at a, uh, at a a, a more, at a be at a, a level that's beyond just competing with a unique mechanism? Like how, how do we know if it they're at the prospect level, and if so, how do we market around that even despite, Yeah. So you really have to look at competitors. And so this is where you've gotta get from them, you know, what are their, call it, their top three to five competitors that are leveraging direct response.

And so, right. We don't really wanna, you know, I'm not really so overly concerned with going up against a company that's brand institutional marketing, because like, right, while a brand institutional marketing driven company may have a bigger brand, we'll, and we may not be able to compete on size of brand and brand recognition, but we may be able to compete through, um, through better direct response principles, right? So like, that's like, how do you go up against Red Bull if you're a new, if you're a new energy jink, well, you, you're not gonna try to compete with them on brand recognition and exposure. We're gonna compete with them on economics. We're gonna compete with them on all the stuff that we talk about as, as direct response.

But for you, it really ultimately is you've gotta look at their top three to five competitors that are using direct response. And you've gotta look at how are they positioning their product? Um, are they using a unique mechanism? Uh, are they not u are they just focusing on making a promise? Are they starting to enlarge their promises?

Right? Meaning, you know, you'll get rid of wrinkles in two days, get rid of wrinkles in one day. Are they using unique mechanisms? Um, are there unique? Are there, are there some instances where let's say unique mechanisms have no, have now be, become commoditized?

Meaning like, let's say there's, you know, let's say there's a particular ingredient, vitamin A, just as an example, that now multiple products are using vitamin A, but they're now talking about this is pharmaceutical grade vitamin A, or this is vitamin A from the rainforest in Brazil, right? And or are people not even, are, are, are the majority of the three to five top direct response competitors, are they really just talking about the prospects in their marketing? Like sick of using, you know, sick of trying things and not removing your wrinkles? So you, you're, you're going to use what the competitors, what the marketplace as a whole are doing to understand where the marketplace is at. Got it.

Yeah. And, and the reason why I'm also asking that, Todd, is because I, I've done some of that research and I can find like a lot of sales space start off with the unique mechanism, Al already, and I can see some form of, you know, selling in there. Now, I haven't dived deeper onto like what's written on their sales page and whatnot, but if, if, if, let's say they, they are already trying to differentiate themselves there, like what, what would the next step be? Yeah. So I'll tell you.

So, okay, great question. I love the way that you're, you're thinking. So let's say that the majority, the three of the five, four of the five that we look at competitors are all, have their, uh, all have unique mechanisms, all are mentioning some in unique ingredient in their product that is ultimately responsible for the product working. Yeah. Well, the very next thing that I'm gonna do is I'm gonna look to see if any of them are articulating what makes that unique mechanism superior to the others, right?

In other words, it's, it's one thing. So I wanna try to be clear on this. It's one thing if they just mention that they have a unique ingredient, okay? Like, you know, this contains vitamin blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? That, that's one thing.

Yeah. If that's all the they're doing, if that's all that the majority are doing, then I would say what I would do is I would make sure that our unique mechanism that we articulate what makes it superior, so that, right, we present an a, a, a, a mini argument, if you will, for why this is superior, right? What makes this better, right? And so that's important. Now if, right, if we look at the three to five, we see that most of them are using a unique mechanism and most of them are presenting an argument for why theirs is superior.

Um, uh, um, that's when I would go to the next stage of the promise exposure spectrum. And that's when I would really be talking more about the prospect's experience. Like, you know, tired of paying for all these products that with secret ingredients that promise the world and fail kind of thing, right? That's where I would go to the, the next stage. But I'll tell you, it is very, very rare man that I see people use the unique mechanism the right way.

Meaning it's very rare dude to see people explaining, um, what makes their unique mechanism superior. And the funny part is, the odd part is, is that that's the power of the unique mechanism. Mm. So the power isn't just having a unique ingredient, right? Like the power, like, you know what I mean?

Like look what you have to understand what, what, what everybody has to understand is that, is that a unique ingredient out of context without me understanding why I should care about that unique ingredient is meaningless to me if I don't know what it does, and I don't know that what it does, the way it works is why it produces better results then it's, it, it's, it's insignificant to me. Yeah. And so, right, and then it just becomes another point of noise. They've got this weird thing, they've got this weird thing, they've got this weird thing, but I don't know what that additional weird thing means to any of those products. Yeah.

So when somebody comes along and says, right, we, you know, this is based on blah, you know, blah, blah, blah, which does X, Y, and Z, which penetrates to the deepest layers of, um, that's, that's where the, uh, that's where the difference maker is. And so, but if you do see that they are presenting an argument for why there's a superior, I would not try to compete in that. In other words, I'm gonna get out of that. I'm not gonna try to present a better argument, right? 'cause that's a bloody battle.

Now, now we're, now we're battling over, right? Who's got the best argument for their, for their thing. Yeah. Then, then I'm gonna go to that next stage, and then I'm just gonna talk about, uh, I said I'm gonna go to the prospects experience, like, like I said, sick and tired of shelling out big money for products with secret ingredients that never change anything kind of thing. Yeah.

That's where I would go. Got it. Got it. Does that make sense? Yeah, a hundred percent.

And then if we go into that, you know, experience, do we still lead into our unique mechanism and then open to the offer? Or how, how would that sales page kind of look like? Um, so it, the answer is, yeah, you would certainly kind of, you, you would certainly still mention the unique mechanism in there, but the focus wouldn't be on the mechanism. Like the, the, the headline wouldn't be focused on the mechanism and what the mechanism does. The headline would be focused around the prospect's experience, as would the lead, like, as would the lead.

So the, the, the foundation of the message becomes about the prospect's experience. You know, I wanna pull something up real quick 'cause I wanted to show you a, uh, if I can find it real quick. Um, um, let me see something here. Uh, unique Mechanism. Let me see this.

If this is it, let me see something here and I'll share my screen once this, I wanna show you something from, um, proactive. Sure. If I have it here. Yeah. Lemme this over.

Let me show you this. It's like, this is a great, this is an illustration, right? Um, so you can see my screen. Oh, it's loading. Hang on one second when We're ready.

There you go. Oh, yep. There it is. Absolutely. So you see this, this, this is from proactive.

Yeah. They've got their smart target technology, which is their unique mechanism, right? And basically in this one little image, they're conveying why you should care about smart target technology. Yeah. Because it's encapsulated benzoyl peroxide.

So it's not just regular benzoyl peroxide, but benzoyl peroxide is like the typical ingredient in most acne, um, treatment, um, product encapsulated benzoyl peroxide mixed with water and lipids. And what happens is, because of this smart target technology, more of the benzoyl peroxide gets into the poor, which is where the bacteria is. Got it. So this is like a very simple, right? And like, look, you know, uh, this is just a great example because the truth is right, the truth, the, the truth is that maybe other acne treatments also use encapsulated benzoyl peroxide, but because they're not talking about it now, proactive is this becomes their unique mechanism.

But what you're ultimate, right? And this is huge, you know, you know, proactive became the number one selling, um, acne treatment, uh, um, um, product in the United States. Um, and so huge, huge, huge. And so, right? Mm-hmm.

This is an, an example of why you should care. It's not just smart target technology, but this bottom part right here gives you what, what this does, gives you why you should care, gives you right, why it works better. They're ultimately saying more benzoyl peroxide gets into the poor, and that's where the bacteria is. So it's showing you, right? So like, it doesn't have to be this long drawn out argument, but you need to demonstrate why the unique mechanism produces superior results.

That's the most important thing. That is what I, what I tell everybody is different gets attention, superior produces the sale. Gotcha. Like different gets attention, superior produces the sale. And so thank you for that Reference, Todd.

Yeah. It's, and it's, it's just, yeah, uh, really, it, it's, it's a great reference to have, like I, I'm, I'm always looking for, for these kind of swipes, but the, the thing, the thing that I've been struggling with, like, as a potential prospect that's had that, that's not really in the market for this, but, uh, from just looking at all the competitors, it seems such an exhausting thing to open one sales page to another, to have them open up with a unique mechanism Al already, like, like despite them articulating as well. Uh, well, I, I haven't looked into like the specifics, but with all the headlines starting with the unique mechanism, Al already, do you think that it's time to kinda shift into the prospect experience? Or, or do you think it's still more on the, the content like the, the, the lead, so to speak, To? I would have to really see how they're opening with the unique mechanism.

Like, I, I would really have to see, because again, you know, it is like, it really is, it really does come down to what are they saying about the unique mechanism, if anything? Or are they just saying like, look, we've got something different and here's everything that this product will do for you, right? Like that, where there is no explanation of the unique mechanism. So it really depends, you know, like mm-hmm. And what I, what I would do if I was going, if I was in a saturated market, let me, let me just say that, and I know we're talking hypotheticals here, so it's a little tough, right?

Without seeing exactly what the competitors, um, are doing. But if, let's say we looked at the competitors and we saw that the majority were opening up with a unique mechanism, but they weren't giving any, um, you know, explanation for what makes that unique mechanism superior. The very first thing that I would do that I would test, because, uh, it's the, it's the, the, the, the, the most efficient way that we can operate is, I'm gonna open up with the unique mechanism, but I'm gonna immediately going to explain what makes it superior. So in other words, in picture in your mind, on a sales page headline, which opens up with, um, promise and unique mechanism, sub headline, which explains why that unique mechanism produces more powerful results than anything else. So like, I'm gonna get to it right away, right?

Mm-hmm. Which in a market where people are just naming a unique mechanism and not giving any support for it, by us giving support, that acts as a differentiator. Hmm. Right? That acts as a differentiator.

Okay? Now look, if we looked at the, if we looked the other, um, you know, the other competitors, and they are unpacking the unique mechanism, they are, they are giving some blur. They are saying it, you know, benzoyl, more benzoyl peroxide gets into the pores with this, then yes, I would go to the next stage of the promise, um, exposure spectrum. And I would now not talk about the unique mechanism in the lead. I would talk about prospect experience.

What I will say, and this is an important thing for you to consider, right, is so, you know, the, you know, the promise exposure spectrum. It's promise, promise, expanded, unique mechanism, unique mechanism, expanded, right? Prospect experience. And so I always say that, you know, that the further right you go the, the, the, the, the more of those it appeals to meaning if, if, if you, if you did a, uh, a prospect experience campaign, right? That'll appeal to people in each of the prior four Yeah.

Um, stages, right? But that's the most difficult campaign to create, right? So it's kind of like, right? See how things, you know, things balance out. It's kind of like, you know, if we look at the, the prospect awareness pyramid, right?

And we always say, right, like, the bottom right will apply to, like, if you target the unaware, it'll work for unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, most aware, right? And so everybody says, well then why, why wouldn't I just target unaware? Well, because at the same time, it's the most difficult camp campaign to create, right? The easiest campaign to create is the most aware, but it's also, right, it only applies to most aware, and it's a small, so there's this give and take. Same thing with the promise ex, um, exposure spectrum that a prospect based campaign, their prospect experience, like again, sick and tired of trying all these wacky secret things, blah, blah, blah, and not working.

That's a harder campaign to create, uh, than is the, um, unique mechanism campaign. So before I just go to the go to that, I'm gonna see is there still an opportunity to stand out and do it correctly with the unique mechanism? If there is, cool, it's an easy test because they're already leading with unique mechanism. If, if not, then we have no choice but to go to the next level, uh, or the next stage of the promise exposure spectrum. Gotcha.

And then what about in terms of like differentiating our, our clients or your existing product with just, you know, different by targeting like a different audience by launching a different campaign, so to speak? Are those in, in a category of differentiation, uh, Todd, which would, do you think like they, they would be ranking, do you think like, we should prioritize like the unique mechanism for us and then see like what kind of campaigns our competitors are, are running and then change that, or, you know? Yeah, Great question. So all of this, this is what makes this conversation a little difficult for me, is that right. All is, and that's totally cool, right?

Um, is that all of these decisions really need to come after we've done the competitor analysis, after we've done our competitor research. Okay? So, you know, like you had asked a question, and it kind of goes back to what you mentioned earlier with the spherical, the, the, the Cole Gordon thing of, let's say, let's say we target, you know, young people or let's say, right? We, well, the question that I would have is, is, is anybody else doing that? Right?

So like, see how that to me is right, looking, that's going back to gaps. Yeah. Right? Okay. So they're targeting, you know, anybody and everybody that's interested in, um, in, you know, nicer skin, but is there an opportunity and then that they're not capitalizing on based on what we know about the marketplace, the prospects, and based on what we know about competitors, is there an opportunity to better target younger people and now match the message more to younger people?

So sometimes one of the ways to, one of the ways to scale, right? We, and it's really kind of what you're saying. So you and I are on the same page. One of the ways to scale is, so sometimes what you see is, let's say you see a company that is growing based on one campaign that's appealing to as much of the audience as possible, how to get nicer skin, right? How to get nicer skin, and that's it.

And they're trying to appeal to anybody and everybody, regardless of demographic. Uh, who wants, uh, nicer skin. Well, sometimes the key to now growing to the next level is to break out, is to divide the, that audience into smaller segments and go after them individually with a more targeted message, right? Yeah. So ultimately you're still going on after the same size audience, but you're going after them, let's say in three different segments.

And the whole benefit to that is now you can better match your message to the market. So, like you said earlier, if we're going after younger people, then it's what do younger people care about? How do we use copy that's, you know, um, that's aimed at younger people, that resonates with younger people do. How can we use more younger looking models in the, in the ad creative, right? It's, it's matching the message to the, um, to the audience.

And so you're still going after the same size. Yes, it requires more work, but sometimes slicing and dicing it, it depends. It de it depends. The information that we need to make that decision comes from the research. Got it.

Comes from the research. That's why for also, for what it's worth, so with me, and I know that you're doing a half day consult, I used to do full day consults for me. I'll, I'll tell you that, um, that most of the time, so if I remember correctly, it's been a while since I've done this pre pre c i d, um, I believe we had lunch was brought in around noon. We usually started at nine. Lunch might have been brought in.

Yeah. Noon from, not from when I started, from nine to noon. Nine to noon was always me asking them questions. It was always me digging. It was not, there was nothing recommended until after lunch because I wanted to go from the very beginning and go as deep as possible.

And they were told what to prepare beforehand to bring to me. They were also told, you know, they were also, they also gave me stuff to review in terms of marketing. But the first part of the day, man was always me digging, digging in to understand what was, what, what they see as their competitors. Are they missing anything and learning as much as I can about the marketplace. And from there, then we can make decisions.

'cause everything has to come from it really. It depends. It depends what their, like how do you differentiate? Well, it depends what's their market doing? Uh, what's their competitors doing?

What are their competitors not doing, right? Mm-hmm. What are their competitors doing well? What are their competitors not doing well? So even if their competitors are using a unique mechanism, it doesn't mean that we don't have an opportunity to do it the right way and to do it better.

If they are using the unique mechanism the right way, well then we know we need to pivot to the next stage of the promise, exposure spectrum and so on. Understood. That's, that's all. I mean, uh, everything you said, Todd, is exactly what I needed. So I, this, this, uh, I, I can tell already that, uh, that this is gonna be one of the best half the consoles that they're gonna have.

'cause um, yeah, there's definitely a lot of gaps here and there's not much that I can, I love it and shine, man, like do your thing. Like, I, it don't matter, man. You'll, you'll be, you know, it doesn't matter how big they are, how experienced they are, believe me, you're gonna, you're gonna find tons and tons of things that they're, that they could do better, that they can improve. That'll make a, a huge difference. And, and the, the, the funny thing is, man, usually that with these bigger companies, you know, one or two things can make a huge difference to their business, to their bottom line.

It's very different than a, than a small. The other thing, the, the, the total, the other thing that I would say to you totally unrelated to everything that we've talked about here, is that, um, if their market is evolving, as most markets do, and, and it's evolving somewhat, you know, rapidly and it's competitive and whatnot, one of the seeds that you wanna plant during this cafe consult, if you wanna get them to be a long-term client of yours Yeah. Is, is you, you've gotta say things to them during the consult. Like, you know, now this is, this is something that we may need to do in another six months reexamine competitors, right? Because as the market changes, we, yeah, there are, there are things that we're gonna do.

Right now, we are in a, we're in a rapidly growing, you know, expanding, changing, evolving marketplace. This is where the marketplace is at right now. But one thing that you know, Bob, that you've gotta be aware of is that these things evolve and change constantly. So in six months from now, we're gonna do this again. Yeah.

And I wouldn't say, so we're gonna need to, I would say we're going to do this again in six months. I want you to be prepared for that. Right? I want you to understand that this is going to be, Bob, a long-term play for us, right. Together over the next year, 18 months, 24.

We're gonna go like this in terms of scale, but it may, may require us going through this ex see how you're planting the seed for, there are things that you can do immediately and things that you can do long-term, and they need to understand the value of that. Gotcha. Yeah. That's, that's great. I, I've had some plans to, to do that just in and of itself because, uh, well, well the other thing that's, uh, that I, we, we might need to tweak on, on that script is that I, we've initially offered them like a one year consult, but they were just a little shy from that.

They, they wanna just kind of feel the waters, so to speak. And so we we're starting like a, a half day, so maybe we can just, I, well, I mean, just like showing them these, these changes that we could probably just unlock. Yeah. So you, you wait until midway through the con, like, don't open with that, right? Like, like, look, you're gonna, what's gonna happen is this, right?

I don't blame them for not wanting to sign up for a year. Like, I wouldn't sign up for a year with anybody before I had the chance to see how great they are. They're gonna see, see how great you are, you know, fairly quickly. And then midway through at the midway point, you can start to plant these seeds after they see, dang man, this dude's a beast, right? Like he, this dude's a beast.

He sees things we don't see, he understands market evolution, unlike we do. He knows how to pivot. He knows what moves to make, right? Um, now you start to plant those, so they've got the confidence in you. They see that you're delivering the goods.

And now you're talking about like, like, look, when we're in year two together of this, what you're gonna see is you're gonna see compounding effects. See how you're planting that seed, but only after you've demonstrated the goods and shown that you're, you're a beast, man. Yeah, a hundred percent. Thank you so much again, Todd, for all, all Your, you got it. You keep, I recorded this in case you want a copy of the recording for anything.

Absolutely. Great. Um, but keep me, keep me posted, man. I can't wait. Like, whenever, when it gets scheduled, I know it's not for a handful of weeks, but keep me posted and if you have additional questions as you do more research, let's get back on here, man.

Awesome. Will do. Thank you so much, Todd. Appreciate your time. It's always Bye.
