---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-05-27 20:02:55"
date: 2022-05-27
duration: 1h 3m
duration_seconds: 3818
vimeo_id: 714614182
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-05-27 20:02:55

**Date:** 2022-05-27 | **Duration:** 1h 3m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

There she is. How are you bronze? Very good, very good and you I'm doing great. It's so good to see your smiling face as always excited for this this call. I've been with top one members all day from beginning to to now you are the your your bringing your your closing out the day for me.

Yeah excited. And so give me kind of um and update give me a state of the union tell me what's going on good bad all that stuff and then we'll Dive In Yes, so basically I think last quarter or last two months April. I mean the business still the same we are running a the main campaign is code nine to five and build a business around passion. So we are bringing people from a one you one bug USD webinar to a 3DS virtual event from virtual event. We're closing them to $5,000 mentorship program for four months.

So this is still the main thing that we're doing and we did an event in April and we got about 200 and at people sign up for the mentorship program. So that is still going. Okay. And so last month is where we launched a new Campaign which you just revealed the high ticket entrepreneur workshop. And that's where there's the, you know, the things are getting.

You know, we are still trying to figure out what do we do? Because the coin 905 campaign we launch it like in 2020. I know actually it's like in 2018 that was like long time ago until it was Was launching 2018 and it was until 2020 that we scaled up like thousands of people attending webinar. But then this High ticket entrepreneur Workshop is like we just started with it was just the beginning. So that's why everything was not Dialed in yeah, so that's where we need your help and guidance.

So to give you a brief we did Workshop in April. So the model was bringing people to free which you are reviewed the free free workshop and upgrade them for like 30 bucks for the VIP. And in April. We were just doing organic. So we've got about two we're just like writing emails to our list.

So we got about in social media. We got two thousand people sign. For free and then we converted about like 200 plus people for VIP. So it's about 10 like five ten percent for VIP the same thing the same message but we use emails or I think maybe when we use email the messaging was better when they just look at the page from cold traffic. It was just not working.

So and then we close about 35 people for about like 1200 bucks for a seven week mentorship program. Okay. That was our because of this result. We saw that hmm actually, like people are buying like people are actually spending they're paying so then in may we started the YouTube ads and Facebook ads and when we started the YouTube ads in Facebook ad it is what I've shared with you which we got like 6,000 people only a hundred plus VIP as only like two 300 people attended. We were like, oh my God super shot and we closed about like 15 people.

Out of those few thousand people for that 1200 offers. So that's the big picture and our next event is coming up in late June. Yeah. Okay. So, you know, this is and I so appreciate you, you know, you you sharing that with me so, you know, this is um, and I think I shared this in the in the video, you know, this is kind of really pretty straightforward.

So number one. Your email list is always going to convert better than cold traffic, right? They right they've been exposed to other things before even if they've seen, you know, they've seen other marketing messages, right? They they're there's a different level of warmth. And so your email list will always always outperform cold traffic and so anytime right and we we do we do always what you guys just did whenever we launch a new offer a new promotion a new campaign.

We always first go to our house file. And so we look at our our house file and we're always looking for a between a two and three percent conversion rate minimum on the offer. So hypothetically If we had the $37 offer or you know 90s, whatever it is and we were sending people directly from our email list to that offer. We want a minimum of two to three percent conversion on that minimum. Why because I know that when we go to cold traffic it's not going to perform as well as our as our house file the so that's the first thing so don't be shocked by that.

It's nothing that you guys did. Now look it's certainly, you know, look, you know, it's it is there are always some, you know complexities. It could be was the ad the YouTube ads where they congruent with the the landing page where they not but it sounds like right your ads worked to get people to register for free. So right it'd be a different story if you were running ads getting clicks and your registration rate was super duper low, then there could be some lack of congruence. add but it doesn't sound like that was the the case for you guys what it looked like which is what I mentioned on the on the video was that right?

When you got to the upgrade page there the upgrade rate was wildly, um wildly low and so for me, you know, I'll say the same thing that I that I said in the video just very quickly that I I really believe that there are a lot of a ton of people that they hear free. They sign up doesn't cost me anything. There's no risk involved in me seeing, you know, seeing what it's about if this is of any value if it's good, or if it's not and so signing up for free, especially on an event on a workshop on A webinar is a is a very low hurdle for people because they're not again. They're not they're not spending anything. They're not risking anything and I I really believe that the big issue is that it wasn't specific enough so that when people got to the upgrade they knew specifically what they were already getting and and therefore they dated, you know, they they are looking for more value if they don't really know what they're getting from the free thing.

They're not 100% clear on that then it makes sense why they wouldn't upgrade and so I think that I believe that that on that campaign dialing in both the upgrade page and the registration page is exactly what needs to happen so that we're bringing better qualified people to the VIP upgrade like better Ed more educated remember like they need to know what it is. Going to everything that I said in that in that video I think is exactly what it is that you guys need to do to. to see that upgrade rate, um jump and the thing that I would really that I just want to really emphasize for for you and we we certainly have resources that we can give you access to to help with this but The tough love of like the copy needs to be it needs to move away from that vague General kind of, you know promises all of that especially today with a lot of competition a lot of messages that people are exposed to the vague General, um messaging rolls off the back of the prospect. It has it has little if any impact on them psychologically emotionally and so it has very little impact on them from a persuasive perspective everything the best copy your your message. We need to get you guys dialed into Specific and concrete and that's going to require that you you guys dig in a little bit to it's not just what this will do for somebody like be you know bi take a closer or whatever generate High ticket deals it is how does it work so that somebody can feel comfortable saying oh I can do this and this will work for me right like rather than it's it's not just it's not just promises granted.

It is promises specific measurable concrete promises, but it is specific concrete measurable promises. And here's why and how you can experience this. Here's why and how this this works right here is why this you don't have to develop a skill. You don't have to study like right. I'm gonna equip you with a system five parts system that's gonna allow you to spend a few bucks a day on Facebook and get tons of traffic and then gonna give you the XYZ model that's gonna allow you to turn that traffic into buyers people that's better or phone calls, right?

It I'm going to equip you with the exact system to use on the phone so that you don't need to be this part. You don't need to be a great salesperson. You don't need to be a slick, um talker and you'll be able to turn at least two out of 10 of those calls into a $3,000 or more purchase by the time you're done with this Workshop. You're gonna have, you know, a complete blueprint that allows you to move traffic turn that traffic into calls turn those calls into money. This is your opportunity.

Boom. Now, I understand what this is rather than right like rather than just I'm being promised that I'm gonna be a high ticket entrepreneur. And and what does that really mean? Does that make sense? Yes Yes actually from here I want to explain you a little bit about the workshop so that sure maybe a few things you can specifically point out what other things that we can improve on and then have follow-up question on the page so basically the workshop there's like a framework that we came up with it's called like I took an entrepreneur framework and there's like three elements one is the high tech entrepreneur mindset and then one is the high technical entrepreneur product and a third one is the high ticket entrepreneur conversion.

So basically on the 3D work, I mean on the two-day workshop, it's basically around these three elements and and the idea is that you know, if they don't have the minds little charging High ticket, then they wouldn't be able to increase their revenue if they have the mindset but if they if their product is not priced High then their revenue wouldn't increase and they couldn't charge high as well. And if they charge high but they can't close then they cannot, you know, improve the revenue as well. So these were what we are covering in the And I think it was probably not super clear. Yep how that was demonstrated. So here, let me let me let me show you let me show you exactly right.

So let's pretend right. This is your we're up. We're you're my team. We're on the we're on the team together. So So you need to go what what you really need to do is and this is great so far and so I appreciate you you dive in deep it here.

So what what you explained was right like you're gonna get a call it a high ticket the high ticket mindset, right? Like you have to have the right mindset right blah blah blah. You're gonna have a high ticket mindset. Then you said right? I'm gonna show you how to have a high ticket product.

Wrong product won't allow you to make the money. You need a high ticket product. Then I'm going to show you, you know, High ticket selling or high ticket closed how to turn how to convert right how to turn those, you know how to take that product and actually sell it but the question one level deeper and this is really where some of the meat for the page and the copy will come from is so like right. What is your process your your system your method for helping them develop a high ticket mindset another in other words, right? Because all you're again, All you're telling them is the outcome.

You'll have a high ticket mindset, right and where the meat is. Is in okay, there are look let me there are a lot of people out there that are teaching you how to have the right mindset. Right? Like what is what are you guys teaching or doing or equipping them with that leads to them having a high ticket mindset better than right anybody else meaning? Like, um, like let's say Let me give just an example a Meetup example for a second.

Um, like I'm gonna teach you the three, you know our three QR process which eliminates any of any any self-doubt and internal, you know internal, um fears about being successful right like so right I'm gonna teach you we're gonna teach you the three cute part of the you know, I'm you're gonna you're gonna have a um, a high ticket mindset and we're gonna do that by equipping you with a unique process called three QR what three QR will do for you. Is it eliminates any self-doubt or internal fears that you may have right now about being successful and right and gives you gives you you know, um, you know motivation and confidence to um to take action. Right. So like you see how I'm getting more into the weeds of of your unique approach. So if Dev or if you're if you're talking to like the if you're talking to Deb right you would say well, all right, how do you give them that mindset?

So it's kind of like saying right. Like if I if we said I'm gonna I'm gonna show you how to be successful with Facebook ads. All right, so well, how what do you do? Like tell me what you do? Like, how are how is your how is your method?

How does it produce profitable sales from Facebook ads? Well walk me through the process. So even like closing I'm gonna show you how to sign up. Hi, you know, like I'm gonna show you how to sign up high ticket, you know buyers or get high ticket transactions. My question is always and this is part of our preparation process for writing the copy.

All right. So what are you gonna teach? What's your method? Is it right? Like I'm gonna show you right?

I'm gonna equip you with a method objections never come up or you're gonna teach how to overcome objections. Are you gonna teach them a um, you're I'm gonna give you a script what this script does is or why this script is so effective is Is because it's based on it speaks to both your prospects mind and their heart moves them emotionally and that's why objections never arise when you use this approach to closing sales, right? You see how like and I just made that up, but you have to dig into right like, okay. What are you going to teach? What are you gonna what what's your method?

What's your process? Right? I'm gonna teach like what you can't just say I'm gonna show you how to have a high ticket product because what you're doing is all you're doing is telling them the outcome. And you have to tell them right how you're able to produce that outcome. Like what's the system?

What's the method? What's the like and and what do I get as part of that? Does that make sense? Yes. So under for example, like there's three chunk right so under each chunk.

I'm gonna have to take in a little bit to explain. What is the process of like what is our unique way to get that thing done so that correct so that they can get blah blah, correct. So like when we talk about let's say E5 part of E5 is let's say I'm gonna show you right I'm gonna show you I'm gonna show you how to ensure that you stand out in the marketplace and that your message right rises above all the noise of your competitors. We do that with what's called a big marketing idea. It's a unique idea that speaks both to your prospect's head and their heart and gives them something new and different from what they've heard before which grabs attention and gets clicks and opens for you and engagement.

Then I'm going to show you a way to turn their attention and that click into a prospect who's excited and desperate to hear more and I'm going to show you that by giving you a method for crafting the first 300 400 500 Words of your campaign so that it hooks your prospect in right using this process. And gets them to the point where they're excited about hearing more and then I'm going to show you how to prove to your prospect right that your that your product is the best solution for them right now before we ever even talk about your product and I'm going to show you how to differentiate your product from everything else. Now, we're gonna do that with what's called a unique mechanism and a campaign argument. I'm going to show you how to present blah blah. You see how I'm telling them what what's gonna happen and how and it's that introduction of the how that gives me?

I'm gonna teach you a different way to get attention What's called the Big Marketing idea. I'm gonna show you how to hook your prospects in so they're desperate to hear what what it is that you have to say. I'm gonna do that by showing you the secret of the appropriate lead the first 300 and 400 500 Words of your campaign and exactly what to say. You see bronze how even in that I'm demonstrating that I have a unique mechanism. I'm demonstrating how I'm explaining how And why I can deliver on that on that, um on that result and I'm mixing it in with benefit right?

I'm going to show you how to craft the appropriate lead, which is the first 300 to 400 words. So that prospects don't bounce but instead they get excited about what it is that you have to say and they're eager to hear more. So they continue through your message. We're gonna do that with what's called, right the appropriate lead and once we've got them emotionally hooked, I'm gonna teach you I'm gonna show you on this Workshop how to prove to them so that they improve to them that you have the best solution for their needs. So we're gonna do that with what's called a unique mechanism and a campaign argument.

It's the structure. It's the body of the marketing message that you are going to deliver and it proves to them both intellectually as well as emotionally that your product is the absolute best solution for them. Then I'm going to show you how to appropriately Segway from the from the campaign argument into the offer. So prospects are eager. To hear how they can give you money and get started with your product and then I'm going to show you how to construct and present what's called a sin offer.

Now. This is an offer that right see how I'm giving meat. I'm not just saying you're gonna get attention. You're gonna hook prospects. I'm not just saying that I'm giving them meat and that meat comes from you asking.

Well, how do you give them the mindset? How do you like? What are you gonna teach them to give them the right product? Right? Does that make sense?

Yes. Yes, I think last year when I did the E5 thing with another the 3DS event thing I went through this process with Michael and I think I think it was something similar to that. I have to see how we put it there. So, let me just share screen about the current page and I'm sure. two things So then basically for the page then the main thing that I probably need to work on.

It's It's basically so here right now. What we're we're doing right now is we just tell them that hey what is inside the high ticket entrepreneur workshop and then there's like these three there's these three parts, but then we basically the major things to transform. This part into what you're just spoken about. That's the main. Week that I can start working on first, correct?

Correct. Right. And so the other thing that I wanted to ask these are I noticed that when you're looking at the page when you're looking at the things and the feedback that usually give is about the benefits and like it's more like feature and benefits missing. So at what point you are looking at the structure of the landing page of what elements are missing and at what point you are looking into is it in the benefits for people for people to convert or because sometimes I think when I so this is not so this is a page that is done by the team so they have followed their other thing to put up with this page and my biggest challenge is sometimes when I'm looking at these Pages. I'm I'm a little struggle or a little not sure about what are the things to look at?

Because in my mind, I don't have a checklist to you know, there are so many ways to construct our sales page and I'm and because other people have their way so if you would have started with the E5 and the structure that I would know what is missing, but when I look at it fresh then I'm just trying to understand At what point we're adding different sections or at what point? We're just looking into more refined words. So that is like a big question that I always have in mind that I yeah. It's a great it's a great question and it's it's very very easy and very straightforward for me. So I'll tell you that um that that number one rarely is it the structure like rarely rarely is it the structure?

So first of all the format of the page the layout of the page the look of the page, um is rarely the issue sometimes bronze. There are like, you know, I did a critique for another top one member and you know, there were little things like they had the text, you know, big chunks of text all centered when it should be left Justified most of the time the overall majority of the time. It's not the it's not the layout or the structure of the page 99% of the time and this doesn't mean that there are never structural issues, but I'll tell you that 99% of the time and what is really ultimately resp. Possible for 99% of the success of a sales page comes down to number one. What is the promise being presented and more often than not in the headline and so right is the promise that's being presented in the headline.

Is it exciting to the prospect? Is it specific? Is it measurable? Right? And is it concrete so right are we nailing exactly what it is that the prospect wants in terms of what we're promising them every campaign.

So the the number one and and this is great that you ask this question. So number one. I want to I want to explain that right. So every campaign is there to ultimately solve a problem problem could be a pain point right? It could be they've got me pain.

They've got arthritis or it could be an on fulfilled need or desire which is in your case. They want to make more money. Looking for an opportunity, right? They want to grow their income all that and so right and they don't know exactly how to do that. That's what we call an unfulfilled desire.

And so that's ultimately right what it is that we are we the problem that we are dealing with now you have to start and you have to ask yourself, right? Okay. So what is the problem that the prospect has that this campaign is addressing? What is the big problem? They might have lots of problems.

Right? But what is the big overarching problem that they want solved? Right? Okay. And then what can we promise them in terms of outcome as it relates to that problem and you have to ask yourself, right?

Like what are we really giving them? And so in the case of your people, for example, I want you to you think about this after like Ponder this after our call like what right do they really want to be a high ticket entrepreneur, whatever that means. Or do they want to make a lot of money online? Do they want to make a lot of money per sale online? Are they looking to bring in?

You know a lot of money from few sales? Right? Like are they looking to bring in a lot of money with not a lot of work right? That's ultimately what we're selling them. If you really boil down what it means to be a high ticket entrepreneur is what you're you guys are really ultimately saying is that the easiest way for you to make a lot of money online is to be a high ticket entrepreneur and that's really what What they want they want to make a lot of money online being a high ticket entrepreneur, whatever that means again is really just a vehicle to get them that result that they want.

They're not making a lot of money or the money that they want to be making and they're looking for a better way to make money online a better way to grow their business expand their business and make more money in their business. That's what they want and the vehicle to get it is that what you guys are presenting is being this High ticket entrepreneur is selling High ticket High ticket products. So I share that because the number one thing that I look at first right away is what is the promise being made in the headline? I want to understand what's the problem that we're solving and what's the promise being made and we're looking bronze for I want to make sure that the promise that we're making is exactly what it is that the prospect wants right that we're focused on the outcome that they want and that we're presenting something that is exciting to them and is specific. measurable and concrete and so that's the very first thing that I look at the second thing then that I look at so does that make sense before I go on Yes, actually this I have a wonderful of question when we look at the promise since now we seems to have two things so one is like helping them to charge high on their product and service so this could be one of the things or promise and the closing is also one of the problems or do we combine them or I don't know if you understand my question, yeah, I do understand your question.

So no so closing see here. This is This is great. So this is really important and this is valuable for you. So right closing and the ability to close is just a vehicle to make more money, right? What what do they want?

Tell me tell me what they want. Right? If you said to me right like is the answer is the answer to this is the answer really like if you have to you have to boil it down like you have to get to the to the um to the to the true underlying thing that they want do they really do they want to learn how to close? No, what do they want? They want more money more Revenue back.

Yeah, they want they want more sales, right they want they want more sales or they want more money easier faster from Less sales, right? That's really what they want. They don't want to nobody wants to learn to close. It's kind of very similar see that is one step removed from the real thing that they that they want. Right, like it's you know what?

I mean? That's one step removed from what it is that they that they that they really want. Um, And so nobody wants to learn how to close what they want is they want an easier faster way to make to make more money. And so how do we then take that make more money easier faster, right? And how do we translate that into a specific concrete measurable promise?

Right like and that's where the thinking comes in what how do we make a promise? What can we promise them that is in line with what they really want, which is I want to make more like I just want to make more money in my business a lot more money and I want to do it in the easiest way in the fastest way possible what you guys are really saying is okay. I have the answer to that. I can give you that I'm gonna give you that by teaching you this how to be a high ticket entrepreneur these three categories and here's all the things right? I'm gonna teach you how to do that.

But ultimately what the prospect wants is that outcome the high ticket entrepreneur the high ticket product the high ticket closing all that is just Vehicle to give them what they want. They don't want the vehicle. They want the destination. Regarding. Okay.

And so this is where right you have to you have to think about like well, what can we promise them? Can we promise them right like Let me Give an example, right? Um You know like um as early as next I'm just throwing out an example of right of copy right as early as next week. You'll you'll be collecting $5,000 or more from each sale. That is right like an example of something specific right?

It's concrete. It's not it's not General. It's not vague. We didn't say sometime in the future. You'll be collecting more money per sale, right?

We didn't say you're gonna make more money per sale how much more money a dollar more ten dollars more 100 dollars more that's vague. That's General. If we said as early, you know starting next week, you'll be collecting a minimum of $5,000 from every sale that comes in. Right, that's an example of a specific measurable concrete promise great great writing I got from now because we have got that triangle thing. And I thought that I just got hung up with that part.

Yeah. Yeah. Think about this that triangle is just the vehicle is what you guys are gonna teach them to give them what they want. It's just like this right like, um, You know, nobody nobody wants to learn the E5 method. Nobody really wants to learn the nobody wakes up and says I really want to learn the E5 method what they want is I want it they want to be able to get new buyers every day.

They want a way to consistently predictably reliably get new buyers. That's why like one of the things that we talk about like when it when we talk about E5, we'll say like um, never have another day with zero sales again. Now that's right just an example of but what are we that's an example of focusing on what they want. Not the vehicle the vehicle we're going to explain the vehicle right in the copy like we're gonna unpack it like when we talked about like, okay. So how do you give them the mindset?

How do you give them the product right? You're gonna introduce right like you're gonna ultimately say right right like like right start next starting next week. You'll be collecting $5,000 from um, you know from every every sale that you get and we're gonna do I'm gonna do it right by equipping you with this High ticket entrepreneur, you know system. Let me show you let me share with you how it works and why it produces such amazing results. Boom and then we and then we go in.

So the first thing that I always look at is the promise and making sure because 80% of your sales Pages success comes from the the headline and the the really the deck copy. What is above the fold comes from the headline somebody's gonna read the headline and they'll be able to decide right away. Is this fluff Is this different or is it more the same is this what I'm looking for or is this not they're gonna decide right away. That's why the majority of pages bronze have such a sky high bounce rate. That's why people see bounce rates of 70 plus percent.

We're 70 plus percent of the people that hit the page leave the page within seconds because they see the headline and that it's not what I thought it was it's not that's not what I want. That's not what I'm looking for. That doesn't speak to me doesn't resonate. So the very first thing that I look at is the promise being presented and I make sure is the promise based on what the prospect wants and is it specific concrete and measurable? Second thing that I look at and and you saw this in the in the video is I look to see how quickly on the page are we getting into the benefits.

Now, these are all of the sub kind of ways that this thing will change somebody's um life. So if can you can you pull up that page one more time the sales page? And so right so right there if you stop right right scroll up a little bit, right? So right there, right so you've got this so we've got the um, you've got the headlines the discussions to grow your sales and problems like 250 degrees and high ticket entrepreneur framework. It's time to end your worries our competitor standard.

So that's good. Right? Not bad. Not bad at all like much more 254 percent concrete. Um right now you get into right get instant access to scroll down a little bit for me.

Right. So now what are we getting into? Remember you heard from me? Right? These are all features.

Nobody cares about the features they care about the benefit. So like I said to you in that video, right? So what I would have here is something like after this Workshop, you will after this workshop and then I would have call it a half a dozen different benefits that they will experience after going through this this workshop. And this is where what you really have to do. And what you really want to do bronze is you want to step into their shoes now and you got to see this opportunity.

You got to see what we're talking about here Through The Eyes of your of your prospect. So what do they want? Like, what does the prospect really want? If you ask the prospect? What do you excuse me?

And an Ideal World if you could wave a magic wand and change things about your business, what would you want right and now and and in this context, what would they say would they say, you know, I want I want people spending a lot more money with me every day like or I want people spending a lot more money with me when they become a customer. Okay. So I'm gonna write that down right? I'm gonna write down they want to make more money at every sale meaning. I'm gonna write it down in just a notepad, right?

They want to make more money in every sale. Okay. What else do they want? I don't they don't want um, right they don't want um, sporadic sales, right? They don't want some some days some weeks flat some days some weeks.

Hi. They don't they hate the ups and downs. Okay, they hate the I'm gonna write that down. They hate the ups and downs. Then I'm gonna ask right.

Well, why don't they why don't they want that? Like, what does that do to them when they're experiencing when the entrepreneur is experiencing ups and downs the people that you're talking to right? What is it called? It causes stress. Right because cash flow becomes spares, you know sparse and and you know, it wreaks havoc on their ability to meet payroll or whatever.

I'm gonna write that down on that notepad, right because I'm going to use that how would I use that? I'd be able to say something along the lines I would take what it is that they don't want and I would share the opposite of that as a benefit right? Enjoy constant sales right with no more ups and downs in Revenue. Now, you don't have to worry about cash flow. You don't have to stress about making payroll and you don't have to deal with the the Havoc that's for you know, that ups and downs, um have on your business now, you'll be enjoying consistent high levels of sales.

Boom. Next benefit. I'm gonna add what else do they want? What else do they looking for? What else would make this the ideal opportunity for them?

What would they say? Right I want you know, whatever. I I want to be able. To do this with um, you know be great if I only had one product or something like that, it'd be great if I didn't have to create another product. Right like that.

I'm gonna write that down on my notepad, right? And then I'm gonna use that in the copy. I know that what they want is they want a simple a simple system that allows them to make a heck of a lot more money from their existing product or service without having to create anything new. And so that's what I'm gonna write. I'm gonna write right like, you know, see um, see, you know, see a big ticket transactions, um from your existing product right now without ever having to create a new product service boom next and that's what I'm gonna do because that's what prospects buy right then ultimately in the in the in the remainder of the sales letter.

You're then just articulating to them how you are able to deliver on that and that how comes from those questions about right? So then then your prospect it's almost like this bronze so If we we've got a specific concrete measurable promise in the headline right there we've got in that and that type of page then underneath right after this Workshop you'll be able to or you will benefit benefit benefit now treat that as the lead now, they're excited emotionally. They're like, this sounds awesome. But now prove to me that'll work and prove to me. That'll work for me.

How are we gonna do that? Well, what well the reason why we can do that is because we're gonna equip you with the high ticket entrepreneur, um framework and it'll allow you to start charging double triple quadruple the price that you're getting right now and do it all day every day what you'll learn or what you'll discover on. This is number one how to have the high ticket, you know how to have the right High ticket mindset. I'm gonna teach you my three QR process that allow you to that will eliminate any self doubt that the then I'm gonna show you how to boom. Boom.

Boom, right and by the time and and Constantly linking things back to benefit. So I'm always thinking to myself. I'm always thinking about right like even in the explanation can I weave in benefits QR process eliminate any self-doubt and internal fears right and give you motivation and confident. That's a benefit. Right, I didn't say right I'm gonna give you I didn't say I'm gonna give you a free ticket to you know, the private Q&amp;A if I'm gonna say you get a ticket to a private Q&amp;A.

I'm always gonna follow that up with something like so you can so you will so you'll experience on here. You'll be equipped with a a process to double your sales quite, you know, I'm slash your refunds in half and move people to buy from you more and more. See it's that last chunk of benefit Right double your double your prices slash your refund da that's what people care about and so I'm always going back to um benefit benefit and I'll tell you that if we didn't if we stop there which the majority of time when it comes to me reviewing a um, a sales page the majority of the time right? That's all it takes to radically increase the sales conversion rate on the majority of sales. Just come across my desk.

Sometimes there will be what the one other thing is. It will be. The only other thing that I look at is it'll be absent of any how-to. So another word sometimes what I see is specific promise, you know specific measurable concrete promise benefit benefit benefit benefit and no explanation of how are you gonna how does it work? Like, how are you gonna fulfill on that?

Like right so I recently did a critique for I'm sharing this with you. I'm sure he would share it as well. So I'm not sharing anything that he wouldn't share but I recently did a critique for a sales page for Kevin Rogers of copy Chief and he had that problem they did they had benefits they had a promise and they had benefits their promise needed to be more concrete and specific but they had benefits benefits benefits benefits, but there was no explanation of like Does it work all that sounds great, but maybe like maybe it's intimidating For Me. Maybe the way that I'm gonna have the way that right like and so you have to have tell me how it works. Give me some meat educate me a little bit on how you're able to produce those kind of benefits.

That's it. That's if you focus on those things and only those things you'll you'll experience a radical increase in your sales conversions. Got it, God. So basically it's some sort of the E5 charger. Just kind of have to move into here.

Hello. oops Oh my God. Hello. damn Oh, sorry about that. That was probably me.

Oh was it you? Yeah, I think it was probably it was probably because my zoom automatically restarted and so sorry. Oh, and so can you hear me? Yes, I can almost okay, thank you. It was me because I'm in I'm traveling I'm in like in Domination is not very.

Yeah, it's a little it is a little spotty but my it might have been me but the the you know, what I was gonna say was and I'll try to be quick to make sure that hopefully we want to have any more problems but you know oftentimes like look when it comes to layout, you know, like the the new sales letters have these chunks. Right? Like you have the guarantee you have the call to action you have so the only thing that I'll say with um with formatting is kind of in line with what it is that we've already talked about. So number one, you don't want a benefit chunk buried towards the bottom of the sales letter, right? You want to lead with the benefits right?

Like you don't lead with the features you lead with the benefits because nobody cares about the features until they know the benefits right? And so it's very similar to why in a traditional in a traditional sales letter. You have the call to action at the bottom. You don't put the call to action right in a traditional sales letter at the top because you what are you asking them to take action on? Haven't given them the background same thing with features and and benefits.

So you always want to move the benefits up to the top you want the benefits you want to lead with your most powerful stuff. So what you don't want to do, right? You want to be careful that you you don't, you know, you don't kind of have this ramp up on your sales letter where you're like, let me tell a background story and then build up and build up and then get to the benefits you're much better lead with the benefits. And then if you want to give them background then give them background right then you could say let me tell you what this is about and how this came about right? My name is Todd Brown.

I'm but before I do that, if you look at our sales letters before I ever even introduce myself, I've had about 300 to 400 words of let me tell you about what this is gonna do for you. Let me tell you this is gonna change this x y z it's gonna give you this benefit this benefit. This benefit doesn't require you to do this this or this it's the perfect way for you to do Elemental P, right and pay attention because I'm gonna show All to you on this page. Hi, my name is Todd brown. Maybe you're right.

And so I'm leading with the most valuable for them. I'm not leading with my introduction or who I am because they don't care about that until they know what it is that they stand to to gain and how they stand to benefit. And so number one you want to make sure that you don't bury the benefit chunk that you bring it that you bring it towards the um towards the top. The other thing is that like look right. You can see you're not gonna have the frequently asked questions at the top right that doesn't make any sense because they don't have the information that they need to have any frequently asked questions.

And so of course the frequently asked questions goes at the bottom. So when you look at the the flow, the only thing that I would I would say is right like do does, you know, are are you are you presenting something before you've presented something else and they really need to know this in order to be able to make a decision. So like let me give you an example. Sometimes I see um, I'll see the guarantee chunk the guarantee chunk underneath the CTA section underneath the call to action section. Well, that doesn't make any sense.

Why would you ask somebody to to buy something without fully revealing all the benefits of the offer part of the benefits of the offer is that it's guaranteed. So you're not risking any money. If it doesn't do everything that I said, you get all your money back. So I want that chunk above the CTA but whether that like whether that is right above the CTA or up a little bit with some other copy that is is almost inconsequential but it's you just want to make sure that you're leading with Benefits, right? Um, you are then unpacking how you're able to deliver those benefits.

Then you're introducing the offer you're telling them everything that they get with the offer right the the guarantee any bonuses and then you're asking them to respond. hmm that makes sense makes sense. and another follow-up question on this is this also applies to the internal sales page right in the sense of so, we've got those, you know, backend offer which always audience Always right like you got to you know, like always no, every sales message has a similar, you know a similar flow again, like, you know, you got to tell them like like look you got to tell them this is gonna address your problem, right? It's gonna do this for you this for you this for you this for you. Here's what like here's how it works and why you can feel confident that this is gonna gonna work for you.

Um, here's the product or service that'll do it for you. Here's the deal like the offer that we get and here's everything that you get and why this is a great offer and here's how you respond. and so boom boom boom boom, but the most important thing bronze always Is the benefits? alright Is right is and the benefits are not what they get. But what's going to change in their life?

So that right when you're talking about when you're talking about the deliverables you get a web a web class. You get a book you get a Q&amp;A session you get a live Mastermind. Those are not benefits. That doesn't change my life. Right?

The only care about those things in the context of what is it gonna do for me? Why should I care about a private Q&amp;A session with anybody? What is it gonna change for me What's it gonna do for me? What problems are gonna eliminate? What at the end of that Q&amp;A call?

What am I gonna walk away with or what? Am I gonna be able to do or what? Am I going to be able to experience or what painful um disappointing frustrating things in my business are no longer gonna happen at the end of that. That's why I care. That's why I want it.

You've got to remember write that nobody people don't buy products and services. No matter what the deliverables are for the products and services themselves. They buy for what they believe those things are gonna Do for them and so right when we add in let's say for example, and I know I'm going off on a rant here, but I really want to drive this this home for you. You know, when we add in bonuses, like what I'm always thinking about is what is the prospect want? Right?

What do they want that we haven't already offered as part of the core product and so how right what can we add into this offer so that we can give them that additional benefit payoff result outcome alleviation of a problem. Um, and how do we do it? All right. Well, we're gonna do it with a okay. They feel like they never want to feel like they're on their own.

They hate feeling like they're on their own because they're afraid of making mistakes and they don't get results as quick. And so they want some hand holding. Okay. So how can we give them hand-holding? We could either do a one-on-one side we could do a group coaching.

We can give them a community, right? Which one are we going to go with? Which one do we feel would be most exciting and doable for us? All right a Are a group coaching session? Okay.

So now I'm going to present the group coaching session, but I'm going to present it as right you're never on your own right? You'll never have a question that doesn't get answered. You'll never stall or slow down in your progress and you'll never have to worry about um, you know, continuing to reach your goal because included in this is a private group coaching session that equips you and holds your hand and ensures that you reach the destination in the shortest period of time. See how I literally mentioned the feature one time in that chunk of of copyright there because what the prospect cares about is everything else around it, the the Q&amp;A or the private coaching session is only the vehicle is only how we're going to give them that benefit makes sense. Makes sense great.

I think that solves a lot of my doubts and even now I really look at some of other page that my copywriter written as I whom actually the problem is not there and also the benefits not up very yeah. Yeah, when in doubt like and I don't mean to you know to to be the dead horse here, but I always say, you know, I've never seen a sales page not work because it had too many benefits. I've never seen a sales page not work because it had too many benefits. There's no such thing right like Clayton Clayton. Delete great Clayton meat piece.

He would say to me all the time Todd. He would say like, you know, you need to invest time and list out every single benefit that your prospect um is ultimately looking for from your type of product or service and then you need to spend time looking at all of the benefits that your product or service offer actually delivers, right all of them, right? So all of them and this includes things like what you've got to recognize bronze, um, Is it includes things like when you offer a guarantee? Right a money back guarantee. Tell me so This comes with a guarantee.

Now. Let's say we say that this comes with a money back guarantee. So understand, that's a feature. That's it. We're talking about the product right?

We're just talking about something that is included with the product a money back guarantee. What's the benefit to the to the prospect of the money back guarantee? They don't have to worry about risk. Yeah, right like right. So right like 80, you don't have to worry about whether this will work or not.

If it doesn't work for you, right you either see the results and are thrilled with them or it cost you nothing. You risk? Nothing. You risk enough. You have no risk here Financial Risk, right?

You have no Financial Risk whatsoever. That's a benefit. See that's another benefit in this particular offer in this in this in this marketing message, right like and so that's an example of right and so we're looking at everything that they want everything that they care about every outcome every result right that they care about that we can deliver for them and we're loading that into our sales message and then we're explaining or unpacking how we're able to do that for them. Mmm, got it. Not it love it.

Okay that help. Very good. Very good. I have one one more final question. Sure speech and everything.

I'm pretty much covered from my list of things. Okay, the last thing that I wanted to ask you it's about training the team or hiring. So last month actually in marched is the first time that we have a copyright on board and and And so basically we so basically I think it's two things one is when you hire people or when you're hiring copywriter. Is there anything that you specifically look for? Because I feel that that's probably one of the mistakes that I've made and now I'm like not sure what to do with her.

And the second thing is I think training is also another aspect which I'm thinking I'm going through your apprenticeship program, which is like amazing because I just want to see how you coach and how you teach is like I'm just trying to see if there's things that I can move because I feel when I have copyrighted on board. We are not on the same page like I talk this in a day talk that so in the sense of because we learn from different people so that that Gap and challenge is also there. So just on the team hiring and training part, do you have any like thoughts or yeah, so um a couple things so let's go back for a second to the the first kind of part of the question of what do I look for um in a um in a copywriter and there are there I would say the two big character traits for what it's worth and then we'll move on to training the two big character traits that you want. In a copywriter is number one you want somebody who is um, very curious who is their very interested in you know, they're very curious individual like in other words. They they like to understand how things work or why things happen they like to to learn they they like to understand things more.

Right? So what you're not looking for is the person who has very little interest in in learning and understanding things because a huge part of the role of being a copywriter is really digging into the topic the product the marketplace learning more. The other thing is strange is this may sound is um, is is somebody who reads Like and that's you know, so like we'll ask like, you know, what was the last book you read, you know, uh, you know, do you know do they if they're reading a lot of like let's say fiction like I'm looking for somebody that likes to read likes to read nonfiction, um and reads often why because they're gonna have to consume a lot of information right many of the you know, many of the best copyrighters. Not only are they voracious readers, but when they work on a campaign, they'll order two three four of the top books related to that topic and go through it a big part of being a copyrighter is learning understanding and digging in so they've got to be curious and they've got to like to to read the second thing that that as it relates to training that a great way to to help them develop their skills is number one. They really should be going through a sales letter on a regular basis.

And so what I mean by that is like at Agora they used to have people go through a sales letter a day. They would have them part of what it is that you've got to do is you've got to read a sales letter A Day a different sales letter every day. To take it to the another level what I would tell you you could do a sales letter a week and what you ultimately want them to do is tell them. When they're starting I want you to as you're going through you let them do it in like a PDF like right like there are you know, there's like a Chrome extension where you can go to a sales letter, you know capture the whole thing as a PDF and then um, and so I would tell them you you want them to start to annotate the PDF and and say like, um, what's the emotion that you think they're trying to stimulate in the headline identify the promise for me here? I want you right?

I want you to Circle all the benefits in um, in in this I want you to identify what you believe is the core promise of this. Um, I want you to identify the proof in the sales letter. I want you to identify the credibility in the sales letter. And so what it'll do is it will expose them to you know, a good piece of copy assuming that they're reading a good piece of copy on a regular basis and they'll start to see the flow of the coffee. Start to see the flow of good copy, which is very all could copy as a similar flow to it.

They'll see sentence structure all that, but you'll also get them thinking about why is the copywriter saying X what's the emotion that they're trying to hit here? What's the promise that they're that they're making what are the benefits statements that they've included in this bad boy. Where's the proof that they're including in here? Where are The credibility chunks in here? And so if you get them doing that every week, right and then sending it over to you or even doing a quick 10 minute kind of you know, like all right, walk me through this sales letter and tell me what you found from the sales or tell me what the promise is and make sure that they've identified the right the right promise show me the benefits make sure they've identified what are benefits and not features have them show you the proof right?

Make sure that they've identified proof. The other thing as you're training them um is and again you can you know, depending on how intense you want to get but I used to have like so for David right for David who you're hearing on The Apprentice. I used to have him write a mock lead like a little lead for any he could choose any product. He wanted he would write a just a fake lead, uh for me and he was doing it every day and then he would send it over to me and I would review it. And so right like I'm making him actually alright take you know, I don't care what product you can come up with a fake product.

You can choose any product off the shelf whatever. It doesn't matter to me and I want you to write a lead right 300 300 300 words a day and that was his his responsibility to to do that. The other thing that I would say is put them through you could have your copywriter go through my A to Z copyrighting workshop and I would have them read some of the some of the like the the most important copywriting books like John Caples tested advertising methods. I'd have them read the Joe sugarman's guide to writing advertising and I would have them read a the one other how to write a how to write a good ties meant by Victor Schwab those three Go through a to z copy right like read copy annotate it write a lead and it doesn't have to be every day. But that'll that's yeah huge advantage.

Wow. That help my God, you summarize the whole training you like five minutes. Listen, there you go. You see that all for you bronze that is amazing. That is amazing because I think in terms of like copyrighting for me like ads and emails.

He's like what I'm better at but sales letter I'm like really not as good and it's also what I need to learn as well. So that's why I'm asking you all and the because I'm not good at it. That's why I have I had a person for yourself better, but But then but then when I when I when I'm thinking about how do I make her better and how do I eval because I need to give feedback. That's where the challenge is also come but I think after what you the buckets you give me today. I think it's good enough for me to yeah, it's you know, and then what you can do is, you know, when when your copywriter writes a campaign, you know, you send it over to me and I'll do a you know, I'll do a quick critique for for her for you whatever um for that and that's also right keep them improving but reading right reading and asking yourself.

Why did they write this? What are they doing here here very effective writing often, right? So writing often is critical and the lead is where we're typically packing in the most amount of benefits the most exciting stuff. And so the first 300 words of a mock sales letter, um go through a to z and read those books and you'll have a problem on your hands. Hopefully, all right, great.

All right good. And and so yeah, of course, keep me posted like really I'm here for you. If you have any other questions if you want me to look at in iteration the next kind of the next version of the sales letter, let's do that and really make sure that we get it um dialed in and then go from there. All right, and David is going to the Davies going to the top one gathering in June. Oh, very exciting to meet you me too.

He's gonna have a blast he's gonna have a blast and so let him know that I'm looking forward to seeing them and spending time with them and I'll report back to you if any Shenanigans are craziness happens there but it should be a lot of fun great. Great. All right. Well travel safe. Okay travel safe have an amazing day weekend and we will chat soon.

Keep me posted. Yes, you do. Thank you so much. You got it from start.
