---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-28 16:01:31"
date: 2022-10-28
duration: 57m
duration_seconds: 3445
vimeo_id: 765064560
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-28 16:01:31

**Date:** 2022-10-28 | **Duration:** 57m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

There he is. Hey, what's up, buddy? I really good. How are you doing? So good to see you man.

I me too. Me too. I'm fine. I'm fine. All good.

Everything good. Everything is good. Everything is going so that's fine. So, how is your lunch going? I mean, I see your swipe file everywhere.

I mean, yeah, um, it's it's not really a launch like I don't you know, I try, you know, it's not really a launch as much as it is a Teddy convinced us to work with just a handful of Partners, maybe six or seven different partners that are really in the copywriting space much more than we are and so we decided to to work with them. To just give them the opportunity to to share this with with folks. We had 25 sets. I Believe by the end of the day the promotion will be good and and done and and so it's been a it's been a you know, a little hectic three days or so, but but all good and fun and kind of neat to, you know, like the you know to be able to put this in other people's hands is really kind of a cool thing for me being that it I literally saved this for 10 plus years like 10 plus years aggregating and so it's kind of cool to see that if you see wait there there no wait, there they are there they are there and it's funny because one guy from my marketing team. I mean call me and said what's happening all the copyrighting.

I'm following. I'm sending me emails with the Todd swipe file. So I said it's very well, so probably those six or seven. Tiredness. Yeah, and it is following.

No six or seven really probably, you know communicate with the the bulk of the the copywriters out there at least the ones that participate in in some sort of ongoing, you know education. You know, it's funny Andre the the real, you know, like I've I've been on these webinars live streams, whatever you want to call it with a lot of these. Great copywriters talking about the swipe file and talking about swiping and here's the truth. This is and I've shared this on I believe every single one of them that the single most valuable thing that I did with these swipes the single most valuable thing that I did the thing really Andre that impacted my copywriting skills more than anything else more than reading any book on copyrighting taking any course on copyrighting, you know, studying copywriting the single most valuable thing that I did was just read through the flights. That's it.

And I've said before like and I'll say it again and I and I believe it wholeheartedly that the the single most the single most important thing for an aspiring copyright or marketer who wants to learn how to write good copy to do is to make sure that you're consuming good copy and and consuming good copy often and a lot of it because you you pick up the tone the pace the flow divide when you then go back to the typical online stuff, which is you know, Which is typically not good copy the majority of stuff that we see online you are able to you see a difference right away. You spot it right away. You feel it right away. You can see, you know, you might not initially as folks start reading through the swipes on a daily basis or every other day or a couple times a week, whatever you might not be able to point out exactly why it doesn't feel good or it feels Off the Mark the online stuff, but you can see it and over time you just develop it's kind of like somebody that reads a lot of fiction eventually when you when you get to a bad a poorly written fiction or novel, you know it you feel it. And so if nothing else I said if nothing else just having a a collect 4,000 pages that you can read through on a regular basis, if you just read that and you read nothing else your copy chops will will Elevate period I I agree and for me every time it's a double he's a double job because Read in English and then I have to think how to recreate the ton of voice in in Italian.

It's funny you gave us as a present in Orlando the robin colors Letter book. Yeah, and I arrived home and I received a box and inside there was the Robin Collins book translated in Italian. So the company sended it to me. That's all no, it's it's ugly. It's it's translated with no sense of is translated.

It's not the same ton of voice. We created in Italian. So it's not that easy. It's not that easy but a strange things happen in this connected to our campaign. When I had to do the the job with Michael I started to write in Italian.

and then I said, okay, I will translate it later and I realized that Writing Italian. I was writing the same thing with the same. I mean the same old s*** that I was riding in the past then I said, okay. Let's try to write in English. I don't know if it's why that forced me to use another part of the brain or I don't know and everything was coming out completely different and said Michael said what happened?

I mean I started writing English, so And then and that's and that's strange and I agree with you if you read a lot. I like to read and I wrote just one completely underlining and try to always trying to do this and try to do that. And yeah, it is like it comes in and then it comes out. Oh repetition is matter of skills. So reading and reading and repeating in your mind and maybe I have to translate I totally agree with what you say.

It's not about taking a peace copying translating in your sales letter but taking the mood taking the style taking the words. Yeah. That's very nice. You did it. It's an X.

I was I so that you were saying 250 just for scarcity reason because I mean they're not that much I mean for you, I think yeah. No, I mean like look it, you know, it's a pain. I'm not a you know, we've gotten so used to first of all, let me just say this I would never say anything that wasn't the truth like so if I say it's a hundred there's a hundred for whatever reason, um, you know, 250 that whatever the number is, um, but you know we become Used to the this digital world that it's been a very long time that we fulfilled anything physically and like look it's no secret that you know printing this the printing alone of 250 copies was probably close to $50,000 for us just to print the two and then yeah and then the Fulfillment house, you know, the warehousing the inventory the you know shipping it and so s*** like the call and we're not charging for shipping. So we're absorbing the shipping costs and the shipping costs. It's it's so it varies so much based on the location of an individual that you know, like there are some places that the shipping alone is 200 bucks for us to ship.

You know, it's a 22 pound box and so 22 22 pounds. Yeah, 22.4 pounds and so, you know, so it's just, you know, too many headaches for me to want to do it with 1,000 or 2000 or something like that? I just didn't want to do it. I did want to get it out to people. I thought that it would be you know, it's it's a it's a very different promotion than anything that we've done in the past an opportunity to really to bond with some of these partners that maybe will will bring in and have speak and present for you guys a top one.

And so I wanted to be done with it. I wanted to do a promotion that was less than five days and and be done with it. And so fortunately, I believe we'll be wrapping up today tonight sometime and then we'll move on to digital stuff again again, but it's nice. So more importantly tell me give me a state of the union. Excuse me, bring me up to speed tell me what's going on.

Hey, wait a second. Okay. Look at this one. I just put this one together for you. This is the new campaign.

It's it's up and running. So it's very early to take a decision. But the structure is this one Facebook ads, they drive cold traffic on a long form sales page. The one that I wrote with Michael if you want to can show it to you and I was thinking to submit that one for a campaign critique. Okay, then they read so before you continue so the ad goes right to a long form sales page.

And so the when you say opt in rate your your what yeah. They're it's a step. It's a two step like the ball. I won't say it's page they book a call so they are opting rate. And yeah how many the percentage about the traffic?

And how many requests for call we we've got got it. So it is really the call booking rate. It's three three call it three percent of the people that hit that page book at all. Okay. Yes.

Yes, and I don't know because I never did such this kind of campaign if it's a if it's good or if it's ugly. I don't know. Yeah, I know. I mean look, I would say that anytime you are north of and I mean, I'm gonna I'm gonna be a little loose here. But anytime that you are north of two and a half percent on a conversion rate on an offer and I don't care whether the offer like if you're you're not sending them to an opt-in page if this was an opt-in page, yeah, which was a page merely to get more information than that would be ugly.

But because this is really a call booking rate, um, anything north of two and a half percent is reasonable. Okay, okay. And we booked okay, we didn't implemented calendly in the beginning because we were in a hurry or we were late. So we just launched and said f*** we will fix it. Later.

We booked they we received 46 requests. Then we implemented calendly and it currently started yesterday and we booked to call after calendly. So our sales team is is planning is calling those these people these dentists and displaying appointments right right now. I just received a few minutes ago the Friday the end of week message from from the sales director, and he sent me that the numbers are different we've done. nine call one contract, but they have eight contract in dealing again not close yet.

So nobody said no. We signed a contract for almost 10,000 Euros the big offer front end and backend together. I mean I have the feeling that is working much better than before. I mean, yeah, so let me so let me ask you just a couple of questions just to be clear on this and so going back to the cost per call is 24 almost 25 Euros. Is that what you're saying?

Yes, so it's 25 Euros. Um, and so I just want to see something here. So I'm gonna do this on my side. And so you said that it was 48 48 people requested a call. Yes, and you're saying that that is call it.

That is at 24 Euro each. So you're talking about it cost you twelve hundred dollars to get those 48 call requests. Yes. Okay, and you already have one contract at 10,000 Euro? Yes.

Okay, and so just one other question then and so with eight Seven pending or potential in other words. Okay, and so Where is the calendly? Where is the calendly step? the calendly step is One yesterday we implemented it meaning no no meaning in the campaign. So you said you said at the bottom you said?

I don't know if it will change the opt-in rate. Okay, the opt-in rate the cold booking rate is here. Okay, when now they just feel a form. Yeah, but later they will set the okay, so I wouldn't do it that way. So what I would do is I would leave it the same I would let them fill out a form and then on the next page I would have them schedule the call.

Okay, so another words right so that it shouldn't change the opt-in rate at all because we're not changing the call to action. So let them fill out the form and then on the very next page right let them book The call this way right you still have the ability to have your team follow up with the people that don't book a call right that you know that fill out the form. And never actually schedule the the appointment what you know what that does right is it gives us the ability to optimize each step. So in other words, right like so in other words, we can optimize the the long form sales page to increase the percentage of people that are requesting right the call the call book The call request, you know the form submissions for the call and then you'll be monitoring. Okay what percentage of people that actually fill out the form go ahead and book inside of calendly, right?

Because you may see that right like you may see that that that does. Well it does poorly and it lets us optimize that step in isolation. If you if we put the we don't want to put the calendly form on the long form sales page. Okay. clear and I mean look, it's it's early, you know, it's early so far, but it's certainly I mean look man, you know it, you know, the reality the reality Andre is I mean if you're you know, if it if it costs you 24 Euro to book a call, which is I'll tell you in the states that's almost unheard of Right, like I'll tell you in the states.

It's not uncommon to pay. 150 125 180 there are times when right 250, right? And so now granted we typically we typically see a higher closing rate than 10% but you're likely you're gonna be significantly higher than 10% right? It only takes one more person for you guys one more of those eight that are pending to enroll for you to double your your your closing rate. You're right now trading for you right now based on this task, which is a small sample size, you know a bit of a small sample size, but you've basically you've traded 1,200 for 10,000 or 1200 Euro for 1000 Euro and so this is when like this is when right, you know, this is when Andre honestly, You you continue to run the campaign you let the numbers continue to come in like you let the sample size grow.

Let the metrics continue to come in right? Um You may very well be based on if we come even remotely close even remotely close to where you're at right now. I wouldn't change anything. I would stop playing around with the marketing like leave it. You know what?

I mean? Like I wouldn't do anything. Does that make sense? Yes, it has the the we had the next collection in the last days because you see here the the average frequency is 2.38. But we we've got some ads that add something like 12 in frequency because the smart the market is so small.

Yeah, and and it's we just changing some picks in some text on the ads to do different angle. What do you think about the click through rate of 3.15? I think that it's good. I think that it's good what my gut tells me for you based on the you know, the size of your Market. Is that the and I want to be clear about this.

So I really what what we do is we really look at so let's take this this campaign right here and we really divide this campaign into two categories. So from the long form sales page over to the right, that's all marketing from the Facebook ads is all media. And so when I say I wouldn't change the marketing I'm not saying that I wouldn't change the media for you in your Market because of the size my gut tells me that you're going to have to have a lot of creative that you cycle through and you're constantly cycling through because they're gonna see it and see it often and see it quickly and so in your Market, you're just gonna have to continue to to cycle through a lot of a lot of creative because of the size. the market but in terms of the marketing side of things, okay, I would you know, if it holds even remotely close you've got such a buffer, you know, like you've got such a buffer if it if it holds even remotely close to these numbers. I mean, you know, even if you were trading $2,400 for a 2400 Euro for 10,000 Euro or 3,600, you know for for 10,000 Euro.

Like my gosh that's you know, that's insane. And so Good. Yeah good and so great. You know, how do you feel about the this early these early? I'm very happy.

I'm very grateful for the offer to work with Michael. I I mean it's it forced me to go back at school and I did like everything as a student, you know, so and I wasn't writing the marketing team was taking care of things and disproved that. It was a marketing problem. And basically it was my decision problem and I'm happy. I'm happy that I wrote and I am you know, like being a kid again when you see the requests that are coming ding or notification one more.

So it's very it's very funny to to see and I had a lot of fun. So I'm happy. I'm happy. It's Is slow it's f****** slow because just one contract in we started when I was flying back from Orlando. So three weeks and it's slow because the dentists are, you know are slow to plant things.

Yeah. I know if this will let us to scale the number, but the it's working to make you know revenues and if this continue to work you you won't remember this, but this let me to take out at least one from 10 live seminar from my calendar. So it means that I gained. 6 Plus traveling said let's say eight more days in my calendar in one year and it's a lot because I I mean Yeah, yeah, no that you know look so actually before we get into some other things as it relates to this so and I think that this is really this is even more important or equally as important as you like so you you did it like which is so I'm so proud of you that you stayed focused and you were a student and you're willing to to take action and you did and now you're you're starting to see the fruit of that the you know might not be happy with the speed yet and I get that we'll talk about that. But tell me in terms of the difference in the copy and the messaging from this one compared to what you've done in the past.

What did you learn about the the market and about the you know your communication like what are you going to to take away from this that you'll be able to use going forward in all of your marketing commun? I learned that you don't stay Stayed enough louder the fact that they offer is everything. So basically, I I in the beginning I was like, it's a cold what kind of offer can I build around the call? You know? Yeah, but then I started to think about that and they offer came out when they offer came out.

Everything was just Was just easy as and and that was you know a few days ago. I said you right you I have this your voice in my here. I don't know why that says if they offer sucks. There's no marketing before they offer that can I mean make that offer sellable. So the not exactly not your War exactly but that was the meaning so that my biggest takeaway is is this one I I think that I've always Put much more effort.

I told you. I'm I'm much more A salesperson than the marketing person. So my pieces of copy where I mean pieces of sales things, you know objection sold objection solves objection solved, but then they offer wasn't so strong to substain all the job that I was doing before. So now I changed approach and this is my biggest takeaway. I love it.

And I I love hearing that. I love it, you know because you got to think about it like this, you know like and this is something that I've said to um to Cole Gordon who is you know is Art is business is like 50 million dollars a year. Now. It's it's unbelievable helping salespeople and training sales people, you know, he's obviously dealing with a gargantuan Market, you know place, um, you know, the his total addressable Market is multiples of mine and years combined and so but I said to him, you know, like he said like, you know, we we close like, you know, we close on the phone like crazy and and I said to him then your job is to make such a good offer to get people on the phone that it's a no-brainer for them like instead of you know, and that's why I love hearing you say that, you know, like you were thinking it's just a call but it doesn't have to be just a call. It shouldn't be just a call if you are able to get people on the phone and Enclose and close.

Well, then your job is to put together the most compelling offer possible to get them on the phone. Don't look at it like Don't look at it. Like I'm not charging any money and it's only a call and therefore that it is what it is. It could be whatever you make it you could give them five different information products training programs a blueprint. Is that whatever it takes for you to get them on the phone if you shine in that area and so right like you've got to recognize that if you close really well, if you're a great salesperson, which you are then your job is to present such a good offer to get people on the phone with you.

You have to make it so that it's a no-brainer to get on the phone with you because you know, when you get them on the phone, man, you're gonna close a nice chunk of those people. And so that's the way that you've got to really look at the you know, look at those look at the offer in terms of a strategy session a call Discovery call, whatever you want to whatever you want to call it. Your job is to put together the best offer that you possibly can and then it just makes marketing that much easier and so imagine A second Audrey if you know, excuse me, we had this, you know, it's a call and it's you know, it's a call and it's two thousand Euro and that was the whole offer. Well, you're gonna have to come up with some whizbang copy angle hooks, you know to get people to even contemplate taking advantage of that. Right?

And so the point is that the better the offer is the easier everything else becomes and that's why I've said before that, you know, first and foremost above all else. We're really offer creators once we've created a stellar offer then we figure out the marketing to to get people to take advantage of that but start first with always a you know, just a a, you know, a tremendous offer. Let me ask you this. So what is the size now of your email database? Ah, we have 18,000 around 20,000 plus the other 15,000.

I've got from the acquisition I was talking about. Okay, even the other company that you just acquired. Yeah, but I didn't just overlap then I didn't touch them yet. It's the question that I want. I wanted to ask.

So that's that's the number considering 40,000 dentist on the internet. Yeah, so, excuse me. Got it. So right we don't know what percentage of those 15,000 from the acquisition or early on your list, right? It could be half.

It could be 80% It could be 20% We don't know yet. Okay, so legitimately if we don't even if we don't even take into consideration the list from the acquisition and we look at yours you're talking about 18,000 people on your on your list on your database and tell me a little bit about how like tell me about your communication with those with those folks. How often do you communicate with them? How often are you? Exposing them to an offer like walk me through your communication with that 18,000 person list.

Okay, ah, there's an email per week that it's about content. I mean the podcast episode or some articles or some videos that I did just content educm. And then when we have a launch, for example, we did we did the this launch on the list and on the list. We booked the 13 13 calls. There's not such a strong strategy.

It's more, you know, pop-ups of ideas and Yeah, and so let me ask you this. So the so correct me if I'm mistake and but so in between the launches that you do with to that list, they'll rarely see an offer from you. Yes, it's correct. That's correct. Okay, so I'm gonna I mean I I can't say this enough man for you.

So number one, I would say that in 18,000 person list is nothing to balk at like that's a serious list like 18,000 people imagine 18,000 people in a stadium. Like that's a lot of people and it's also a significant chunk of your market, right? And so like you're never gonna have a $250,000 person list, right like you're talking about a huge chunk of your Market. If your business was my business and we were partners and I want you to just listen to me. Let me ramble for two minutes here if we were partners and my money reputation and livelihood was on the line.

I would tell you that I want I want to expose people to an offer at least every single week. I would move people from One promotion to another promotion to another promotion to another promotion. and so like you're you you're you're sitting on you know, like you're you're in this and I I'm sharing this from a mistake that my team did for I would probably say a little bit over a year and when we switch things to what it is that I'm talking to you about it changed the entire game, so So you've got a like look in an Ideal World Andre. I want to give people the opportunity to buy every day. I don't mean that I'm pitching them like hardcore closing them deadline scarcity urgency or anything like that every day, but I want to put I want I want to give them the opportunity to buy something as many days out of the month as possible.

And so if you're going like if you're only giving them the opportunity to buy when you launch something you're sitting it could be weeks but like weeks where you haven't given them the opportunity to spend money with you and that's just crazy. It's absolutely it's absolutely crazy. And so, you know, you you want to like we we have a promotion you just you likely don't see it because you're exclude top one folks are excluded from from the majority of promotions that we do in terms of our email stuff, but every single week, we fire off a new campaign to the list. every single week and so right like I don't care at the at the end of the day and you know at the end of the day like I want, you know, I know that you have to you have to recognize Andre that the more people buy and the more often they buy the more likely they are to ascend higher into something like a 10,000 Euro program. Right?

Like we all the more they buy and the more often they buy the the more likely they are to ascend into that higher ticket program. It doesn't matter if it's a 49 Euro 29 Euro 299 Euro, um purchase I want people to buy buyers buy more buyers buy more buyers right give us the opportunity to prove our value to prove our Worth to prove what we can do for them. And so it's amazing how like it's amazing for us when we get people in all in this business. More business when we get people to buy like, I believe it's like two it's two times. It's there's an average notes like 2.3 times or whatever when we get people to buy twice twice not one twice, they go on to purchase like on average three more times when people buy when people buy twice and so we have a lot of campaigns in place Andre that are there just to turn non-buyers into buyers meaning in other words.

Like I I just want to get somebody to buy I just want to get somebody to whip out their wallet and and buy sometimes for us that's a $10 book sometimes for us. It's a 49 29 69 dollar, um product, but I want to give people the opportunity to buy because buyers buy more, right the other thing is that Is that your job is to monetize that list is to turn that list into money. And so and you've got to understand that right like even you know, look every dollar counts. And so while I'm not saying that a $29 offer is going to make your month. That's not what I'm saying, but a $29 offer could turn your the people on your list right in into buyers making them not much more likely to buy more right?

The other thing is that when you know, like you've already paid for them, we've already spent the money to get those people on your list you already paid for those people. And so now it's our job to turn that asset to turn those Investments, which is what they are. Those are your assets. You've got 18,000 assets that you've paid to acquire now your job is to grow the value of those 18,000 assets and we do that by monetizing them and and I'll tell you that. Um that using our style of marketing.

I have never not once seen a marketer make too many offers. I have only seen people not make enough and that's that's the truth right? There are 31 days in a month. They're 31 days in October. You have to ask yourself out of those 31 days.

How many days did the people on my list have an opportunity to spend money with me to get more value to alleviate their problem to grow their practice to get more patience to generate more referrals to run a better team whatever it is. And so I would really encourage you to start to look at. First and foremost the assets that you already have in terms of your content in terms of your training that you can break out little chunks little pieces that could be Standalone lessons trainings that you can then whip up a short form sales letter, uh and roll out to your list and so it's crazy to just let the list sit and wait for launches like you don't need to do that. You shouldn't do that and every day that goes by right is it's like a day every day that goes by the the value of that list gets lower. You know what?

I mean, like in other words if you if you go like it was Dan Kennedy who years ago said that you know, like if you don't make an offer like he said every month that goes by right I want you to think about your list loses 10% value in 10 months. If you haven't presented an offer, you've lost a hundred percent of the value of that list. And so, you know, your job is more offers and you know, if you want to just have like a little conversation with so Kyle Milligan Kyle in our group, you know, when he first came to me, you know, he was you know, when he first came in having experience with a Gora and all this the majority of his Communications with his list were content like he would send them to a YouTube video and he would send them to a YouTube video like twice a week or three times a week and and he was rarely making offers and I told him I said you need to make an offer every week there needs to be a new there needs to be a promotion for an offer every week. Now I said to him I don't care and Applies to you as well to this business as well Andre. I said I don't care if you've got five offers total and that's it.

I don't care if you just recycle them every five weeks. So week one is offer one week two is offer, two three, four five. Then when you get to week six, you go back to offer one again and just continue to recycle through people have a short memory, right and now write Kyle is you know, the multiplied is I don't even know it's like 300% growth in his business. Um, and now the kids making more offers than it's almost at the point where I'm almost ready to tell him to tone it back because he's now mailing twice a day. He's mailing offers, you know, he's mailing two offers a week like but the point is that you got a monetize that list that like, you've got to the mistake that might that my team made and I'm gonna tell you this I'm to be completely transparent as always.

This was a conversation that I had with Damien a strong conversation that I had with Damien. I Said to him stop constantly looking for the new lead. Stop constantly being on the hunt for the new lead and the new buyer. You've got to recognize that the back end right and monetizing leads right and and and reselling over and over to people. That's the money that's this business.

Right? And so when you are constantly chasing perpetually chasing the next lead the next often the next person on your list thinking that if only I had 25,000 or 28,000 or 30,000, but the reality is if you had 30,000 people on your list and you're not making offers to them, right? Well then. What's the value in the 30 in the thirty thousand person list make them offers give them the opportunity to buy give them the opportunity to buy and do it often and do it often. Now we could certainly get into and I you know, we could certainly get into I'm gonna be talking about this at length at the next top one.

There's a couple months away, but we can certainly get into the strategy the system that we use to make sure we don't burn out the list, right? But like you can't sit on the lid that's that's you know, like that's your most precious asset in your business is your list your list is your most precious asset and so you've got to meet and in your business, right? Because you've got a small Universe. What did we say? What did we talk about?

We talked about that we've got to increase the the lifetime value you could also say right Andre that we've got to increase the value of every lead that you get. That's if there's there's no difference the same exact math, right? It's just you're looking at a different number but it's the same math, right? And so you've got to increase the value of every opt-in of every lead of every name that that is on your list, right? If every name right now is worth what's call it a dollar a month just to keep things real simple.

Well, it's our job to get them to be worth two dollars a month and then three dollars a month and then four dollars a month and then five dollars a month, right? And so yes, that doesn't mean that we don't want to move people over to the 10,000 year old program. Of course we do, but that also means that what and you've got to recognize this is that the reality is in this kind of business with a high ticket offer a small percentage of the marketplace take advantage of that high ticket offer. A small percentage. Take care take advantage of a high ticket offer in every marketplace right in every Marketplace.

There is a segment that takes advantage. So what does that mean? That means that well then how do we monetize the other 98% since we're paying for them? Since that we own them we own those Investments. Well, we've got to have other offers and I'll it's it is really and this is why you've heard me say before that.

It's not rocket science. Like it's not it's not rocket science. It's sell more things to more people and do it more often. Right, like do it more often. Jay Abraham, he used to say Jay used to say, you know, um You know three ways three weeks.

They're only three ways to grow a business. Right? There are only James would say three only three ways to grow a business. You get more customers, right you get your customers to spend more money with you right when they when they spend money with you and get them to spend more money more often. Right and so right like if you really look at that and you you get you know, you break it down for a second, you know, two of those three ways are really back end right get your buyers to spend more money and get them to spend more money more often, but you have to understand that what I'm saying to you is that you've got these people on your list that haven't bought from you yet get them to buy make money from them turn them into buyers first.

So we call it internally like, you know, we we refer to it and this isn't the perfect definition but, you know, we refer to it as activation and Ascension there are Ascension offers which are ultimately back end meaning, you know us, you know, not Ascension like necessarily higher price point but you know, we're we're going about but then there are activation offers. There are offers that are intended to turn a non buyer into a buyer because we know right that a buyer is more likely to buy a buyer is more likely to buy and so activation offers. So we Earlier rolling out this mix of you know of activation offers Ascension offers activation offers Ascension offers, but you don't want the list to sit without making them an offer. I have to build offers. I have to create the products for Simplicity.

I just I have one offer. I have one product and then and now one offer it's the the seminar I don't have anything smaller. Except the book in the but I can I'm you can I I know there's no doubt, right? There's no doubt that you've got you've got assets. You've got stuff that you've already recorded.

Yeah, like right like you can have somebody create a slide deck and then turn it into a slide deck video where you're not on you're not even on so it looks different. It feels different. You could take stuff that you've done you could have a transcribed and you turn it into a new 18 page report 24 page report that you sell for, you know for 19 Euro or whatever it is. Where then you you give them the report plus the audio version and a cheat sheet. Those are things where you're just leveraging what it is that you've already done.

They're getting exposure to the type of training that people get exposure to when they pay you big money. They're seeing that you deliver their goods. They're seeing that man. This guy knows his stuff. This guy can obviously help me right and so yeah, and yes more offers.

I yeah, this is this will be the next Focus. I I understand and I agree. Yes. Okay. Okay.

Yes, what else is going on? So I want to stop rambling and tell me what else? Oh, do we have yet? Oh. I have another 10 minutes.

Okay. I'm I asked to help to Kira for an editor. I send it here this editor the campaign. I wrote with Michael and in a few days. I will start the test on the European market and see what happens.

Okay, so that's the next thing. Another thing is that in the meanwhile, we did another Lounge on our Customer because it doesn't look like that but I listen to you when we were talking in Orlando about selling to our customers. So I created these two day reunions with all our clients. A two days event for 800 Euros nice and we have a base client of 3,000 and then dentist and already 147 signed up and I'm I'm pushing it's in it's in two weeks from now. I'm pushing to arrive at least 200.

That was my goal. But I mean, ah, yeah, that's exciting. And so are you gonna make an offer to those people to upgrade like oh, so we I prepared a few things considering sell more to your clients. We prepared and a survey for they on their patients to measure how How much level what's the level of fidelisation how much they like the the practice what they would improve so one of our coach will take care of that and we created a certification program. Yes a certification program in terms of quality.

We certify their quality procedure for extra clinical activities and we will propose this certification there. It's a 5,000 program. But so to be clear. So in other words for the call the 200 people that that attend the reunion like so you're gonna present this this 5,000 Euro opportunity for them there at the end of that. Okay.

Yes last day 2500 Euros survey on their patients to measure definitely realization level and identify. Improvements good. Ah, I love it. I like I like Andre real quick. And um, I like I want you to think about right like um, no dead-end roads meaning so you get you got the 200 people into right?

You got 200 people reunion. So what's the next step for them the next thing where they can get more value from you and then there what's the next thing there like so there's no right somebody buys or a 19 Euro report. Like what is the next thing for them that they need that I'm gonna present to them that I'm gonna and you're constantly moving them. You're never letting them stay stagnant. So we're never letting the list say stagnant like right.

We're never letting look we're never letting by your stay stagnant. You're constantly moving them. That's how you make the most money and that's how you help the most amount of people right? Because nobody everybody loses when you're not when you're not moving them to some to some next thing. Yes, and and so that tell me tell me.

Oh, go ahead. I'm sorry. No, no you go. Tell me about the the acquisition and so the 15,000 person list. So tell me what the we talked a little bit I think Damien spoke to you a little bit about About you know male start by mailing from their email address from their server right under under their name start there.

And so tell me like what's going on there. What's the plan? I I don't have a plan because I wanted to ask you some some ideas because the only things that I did I just left those names inside and luckily Miller Lite, but they are there they are in major light. So they are there and I was trying to that the May my idea is that on my list just to do what you were saying. And this is what I wrote down.

I'm trying to propose some of their things. They have a couple of books and to video courses that I can try to sell on my list and I was trying to propose to the new list. The book A call campaign with with a sort of endorsement from the old owner of the company that is doing this a you guys should go here and check this one because I think blah blah. Yeah. So, um, I dig it.

I like it. What I would really what I would do is I would make it brain dead simple for people to to get to know you and get on your list. And so I would start to communicate with that. The acquisition list the 15,000 person list as if it's coming from the company, right? So not you and the company is now introducing you to them and I would offer a I would have some sort of lead magnet that I would offer or a great freebie like, you know, opt-in and get this lead magnet this video training this XYZ.

Right? Like hey, I've convinced my good, you know my good buddy Andre to you know, who's an expert in the dental growth field to to do something special for you guys. Right? And and so I would have this campaign be about first a free a free thing for them to get and I would have a series of emails that are are that are doing that but they're all so endorsing you they're also establishing your credibility and establishing your positioning. Right?

So like the email would come from you know that company and it would say like, you know, I want to introduce you to you know, like The Premier Dental dude in all of Italy's names Andre if you're not yet familiar with him. You will be he's helped blah blah blah blah. He's known as the you know, the go to the dental whisper and I've convinced Andre to do something special for you, right? He's put together this collection perfect for you. If you want to grow your practice, you know, go here and get it.

Boom. That's one email and I would have emails that are of that kind of ilk of that nature that go out. For the first, you know call it week, you know five days to seven days and then I would I would switch to maybe like a webinar like a webinar live webinar with you and in the end you can certainly pitch the the call but it's a webinar where you're you're really more you're just educating and then at the end you have a very soft pitch for the call so that it's a way for them to get to know you and trust you like under the guise of being endorsed by excuse me, the the company the list that they've been on. That I would do that first and I would do that, you know two maybe three times. So like I would do that for probably a total of three weeks Andre where week one is like a lead magnet bundle establishing your credibility or positioning your Authority raving about you right week two is you know, hey last week I told you about you know, Andre and right.

Well, I you know this week I've convinced him to do a live training for you. There's nothing being sold on this no pitch right pure education on XYZ topic and I make it something different from the lead magnet topic, right? So now right and then You know, I would do that and I and then like week three I might send them to your book. Okay. And then we can talk about.

All right, what do we want to do then going forward with the list? Okay. But it gives you the the beautiful thing is it gives you like we want to use the the established Authority credibility and Trust of that list to establish your credibility Authority and and trust and so you get to talk about yourself on that list create the right positioning make it simple for them to say. Yes, like it's kind of like, you know, they're being introduced to a new friend. Well, let me see a little bit about this new.

What's the easiest way for me to get to know this? Okay. He's offering some free training some free goodies cool. And then right they come into your world and then we can look at what percentage of the list hasn't moved over and then we can figure out exactly what we want to do with them to you know, going forward after those three weeks. Does that make sense?

Absolutely. Absolutely. He's not help is I oh, yeah. Yes. Yes.

It's it's a frame and it's as a lot of sense. So I was just thinking maybe a lot of these people already know me. So I have to do something original special for them that I didn't use other times because maybe they've already been there but if it ever that's okay, like in other words, yeah like me, so I wouldn't be concerned about the people that the you know, I wouldn't be concerned about the percentage of those 15,000 that already know you because they're already on your list and so they'll get right like they'll get your your offers your regular Communications the things that you're gonna work on going forward. I would be more focused on I'd like to get whatever percentage of those people are not currently on your list, whatever percentage of doctors or staff members or not on your list. I want to get them over volunteer.

Yes, and so I wouldn't worry about you know, like I would almost I would treat that list as if they've never they haven't been introduced to you yet. They don't know. So you don't need to reinvent the wheel but you do want to put together some sort of lead magnet bundle that's enticing and compelling remember that's the offer right? That's the office. I mean that that's the offer and so like we don't want to say there's a pamphlet waiting for you.

We want to write there's a mini video training. There's a cheat sheet. There's a bundle of cheat sheets. There's a like make it so that this is crazy. It would be crazy for me as a doctor not to go over and hear what this guy has to say because any one of these things could be valuable.

That's what we want to put together. Yes clear make sense. Absolutely. Yes. All right.

If you I mean couple weeks ago talking about January last things I we will set another meeting for this but I don't know if you saw yeah that we're in like we're in we're in we got I gotta figure out my schedule but we we are we're totally in we're absolutely gonna support you. We're gonna kill it. I I I've seen I don't know if you've seen the document that I send it to you. There's the event I'm Cline you have a link on a message on on slack. Yeah.

He's a Google document that I I liked it the the promise the the Target and your topic what I think that could be your topic, but I mean we will we will organize Everything I mean, we have two months and a half. So okay and you let me know. Let me know if you want if you're looking for more guests because we could certainly get you know, whether it's My Buddy Rich Chef friend, like if whoever you want you, you know, you let me know if there's somebody that you'd love to have on in addition to us as you're as a guest expert you let me know and I'm totally down to make that happen for you. Thank you. I was thinking about that and I'm in between the first of what event like this.

So I don't know if you if I would like to to use this Jolly this Joker this time or maybe the next one after the first edition. It's I know I don't want to use too many Joker. You know, I cannot I don't wanna ask too much but I want to ask no you're not you never I I'm not worried about you asking too much brother. And so don't you know, you want to you want me to get some you know, some folks for you this time. And next time I'd be more than happy to do that, man.

And so don't ever worry about asking too much. I don't think anybody has ever asked me too much and so okay and good. I would love to I'd be honored to do that for you, man. And so you let me know if there's a person put together your wish list of like of who you would want of who you think would be a great fit of what would help you sell and Market it and feel amazing about it and do something incredible and then that's what we'll do. We'll make that happen.

fine All right. Thank you. You got it. You're out of here. If you need anything you let me know slack Glenda as always we're here for you.

Love you adore you man. Thank you, buddy. Yeah, it's the same for me. See you soon. You got.
