---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-08-06 14:16:10"
date: 2024-08-06
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3066
vimeo_id: 995434859
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-08-06 14:16:10

**Date:** 2024-08-06 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up young man? Hey Todd. I think it's how, turning on my headphones. How are, Oh, uh, there we go. Yeah.

Good. Are we wearing, are we wearing the same T-shirt? No. Uh, I was wearing that yesterday. That's so funny.

Thank goodness we didn't show up both wearing the same T-shirt, but we do look a little bit like we could be wearing the same shirt, and so people start to think we're, we're coordinating here. But, um, so all good. How are you man? I'm good. Yeah.

How about you? I'm doing great, man. Before we, um, get started, I meant to tell you the other day, so I hear that a huge congratulations is in order that it's been a full 365 days of no alcohol for you. Yeah. Well, 366 or 67.

No. Yeah. That's amazing, man. That is, that's no joke. I mean, kudos especially, you know, for, uh, an Irish dude.

I know. I mean, that's awesome. A lot of my friends can't believe it. Like they're, 'cause they're like same friends growing up. They're, they're very much in the vein.

Like they live for the weekends. 'cause like they, they have quote unquote normal jobs and they're like, uh, like the majority of 'em are very happy for me and they're delighted for me and everything else, but they, a couple of them were like, what's wrong with you? There must be something wrong. You're not drinking. It's like, it's crazy.

It's like you, you go off drink and people think there's something wrong with you. So. Yeah. Well, that's good, man. How do you feel?

Does it, like how, how's your body feel? Great. I mean, I've, I've felt I, I feel probably the best I've felt in years. I sleep, I always slept pretty well anyways, but I'm definitely sleeping a lot better, a lot more energy, a lot more productive. Yeah, it's great.

I love it, man. Well, kudos, congratulations. That's not an easy feat, man. That's like legit. To be able to do something like that, that consistently for that length of time, man, is really, uh, takes, takes discipline, dude.

And so I, I tip my hat to you brother and Did, um, went to Vegas for my 14th with all my friends I grew up with, and we all celebrated our forti birthdays in Vegas. And I was, I enjoyed myself drinking sparkling water. Wow. Good for you, man. That's awesome.

That really is like, that's, no, that's no joke. I have massive respect for that man. And so congrats and, uh, and kudos, dude. Cool. And so, okay, so I'm gonna, um, kick us off.

We'll talk creative, we'll let it go where, wherever it goes. And, uh, and have some fun again, man. Um, yep. Okay, cool. So creative, add, creative ad copy, images, format, layout, background, all of those things as it relates to media buying is what we're going to be talking about today.

We're gonna be talking about the things that are working today with creative, the things that maybe aren't working as well with, um, creative anymore. We're talking about, uh, testing new creative. How do, how do you identify better creative, winning creative for your ads? And of course, I am back with none other than John muy my traffic generation wizard. And so what's up John?

What's happen? And Todd really, really excited about today and talking about creative. I think it's, uh, it's, it's definitely a part of the process that's often not talked about. Um, and I think it's like, it's so important, especially today. Um, so really excited.

Yeah. Very cool. So it's actually interesting, the, the reason why I really chose this topic was 'cause I had the opportunity to, um, hang out with my good friend Rich Sheron, who is, you know, I, I always say this to me. He's the, he's the, he's the smartest guy. He's the smartest guy I know.

He is the smartest guy, uh, in the, uh, you know, online marketing world. He is connected to everybody, the blah, blah, blah. Anyway, well, one of the things that we were talking about was the importance of the importance of creative. And so it was really front and center for me after that, that conversation. And so I said, you know what?

I really wanna hear how you approach creative, um, uh, and your kind of process for testing, you know, creative. And in a second we're gonna, we'll define creative or kind of just talk about what, you know, when we say creative, what, where your mind goes and what you're thinking and all that. Um, but you know, the interesting thing for me really wanting to hear your approach and your methodology is because again, like we talked about a couple of calls ago, like, you know, the fact that you've got this unique, uh, kind of background of what separates you from the overwhelming majority of media buyers out there is that you've got this foundation indirect response. So you understand copy, you understand hooks, you understand ideas, you understand the unique mechanism, you understand, um, you know, avoiding, you know, hyperbole, all of that kind of stuff. And you understand the media buying side of things.

And so I have to believe that that has impacted your approach and perspective on creative. And so that's what I wanna try to draw out of you today. So let's just start with, when I say creative, what, what does that mean? Like, I guess let's start by defining that. Give me your definition of creative for me and for everybody listening.

My, so my definition of creative would probably fall under that. It's like, well, first and foremost it's the, it's like an extension of your marketing campaign. Like it's the first part of the marketing campaign that you're, that your prospects are gonna see. So like in, in terms of the way I look at a creative, I look at it from like a dual point of view. I look at the strategic side of creative and then like the tactical nuances within that creative, because it's like, it's the first thing that people will see.

So it has to have, like, it has to be strategically aligned with your overall campaign message, your overall campaign offer, the offer type that, like the type of lead that you're using in your, in your campaign. It all has to be matched up with the creative, because otherwise it's like, it's you. Yeah, you might get super high clickthrough rates and super high engagement on a creative, but then when they get over to the page, whether it whatever type of funnel page you're sending them to, there's a massive, if they, if it's not congruent, it's just gonna, you know, it, it could just fall flat. So first and foremost, when, when we, when I think of creative or when we think of creative for our clients, it's all about matching up the market with a message that resonates with the overall message of the campaign. Got it.

So just to start, right, you used the word, you used the word congruent. And so I think that, you know, hopefully for, you know, for everybody that's, you know, that's common sense, right? That like your ad creative has to be congruent with wherever it is that you are sending folks. You don't wanna have kind of one hook on it that's being used in your ad creative and then something wildly different on whatever landing page you're bringing them to. And so, Uh, yeah, so like an example of that will be, and this is actually a mistake we see a lot.

Let's say there's a, there's a, there's a campaign that people are using and the, the lead to, let's say they're using the problem, the problem solution type lead, and, but then their creative is they're, they're using an, an offer lead. So they're talking about the offer and the creative when they're, they're like, they're introducing people to a problem and their offer is a solution when they get to the, like the long form sales page. Mm, that doesn't make sense because they're leading with the offer when they're not leading with the offer on the actual page. So congruency isn't just about like the look of the feel of the creative being congruent with whatever it's you're sending to 'em. It's also congruent with the, like the, the type of campaign you've put together.

Your creative needs to be congruent with that. Otherwise again, you could be, you know, dropping the ball and missing out on, um, results that you could be getting if things were a lot more aligned. Wow, so good. So when we're talking about congruence in this context, and you really took it up a level, uh, for me, I hadn't even really given much thought to that, um, prior, but, so we're not only talking about congruence in the messaging, the hook, the angle, all of that kind of stuff, but you're also talking about congruence with the first and foremost the lead type. So if you're, you know, indirect, direct, um, matching that up with the ad creative, and so making sure that, let's say if your lead type is more indirect is more, let's say, story-based, not to use a more direct, uh, um, hook or angle with the ad creative as well.

I would think, tell me, and, and correct me if I'm mistaken, but I would think that that also includes kind of a dominant resident emotion. That if let's say you are, you know, you are leveraging more of a fear-based approach, that you're gonna leverage that not only on the landing page, but you're gonna leverage that in the ad creative, you're not gonna mix it up, you're not gonna have, you know, a greed play here and a fear based on the landing page or vice versa, or, or, or something like that. Is that accurate? Yeah, I mean, we see the creative as an extension of whatever lead type you're using your campaign. Now, obviously you can code, like pun intended, get creative with how you're approaching that.

Um, but like at first and foremost, like, it doesn't make any sense to be doing like an offer type creative where you're showing a picture of your product and the price and everything else. And then you're sending people to a long form sales page where the first thousand words is like, there's no mention of an offer anywhere, and like, it, it just, people are gonna be confused and they're gonna bail. They're gonna, like, I thought if this was like an offer, they maybe they like, they didn't like the, the scroll elemented, they don't wanna be scrolling or whatever the case may be. So you have to take that stuff into consideration and like oftentimes that like, it's like the simple changes like that can have a big impact in your results because like, it, it all comes back to that congruency when people click, they wanna make sure that whatever they're clicking on is related to what you actually send 'em to on all levels. Not just from the copy the hook element, but like from all levels.

Because the like commitment and consistency and the congruency of that when people, when there's follow through, um, it, we just see better results with that. And then it goes back, same thing then if you are using like a, let's say you have a low price front end and you're, you're going heavy on the fact that it is a low price front end on the sales page and there's a button above the fold to buy with prices and everything else, then ads that do leverage that type of language and do leverage that type of a, a creative where you are talking about the offer in the creative, then yeah, for sure use those things. But if you're not using those things at the initial parts of the sales page, do not be using those things in your creatives because it just doesn't make sense and it's, it's not aligned. Mm, totally. Very, very cool man.

So, you know, the i the idea of expectation, what is the prospect expecting when they click on the, the ad and go over to the landing page? Not only includes the hook, the angle, right? Uh, continuing with the dominant resident emotion, but also the lead type it itself or the, the, you know, if you're being direct, if you're showing the offer, the expectation is that when they hit the landing page, they're not gonna be taken into some indirect campaign story-based campaign. If you're showing the offer, then bring to that. Is that a, is that accurate?

Yeah, absolutely. Okay. And so what else? Very cool man. And so what else as it relates to, um, uh, creative, So like the, there's a couple of nuances between say, creative on Facebook and creative on YouTube.

And I think I'd like to talk about like our, our process for testing on both of those. 'cause they are different. Um, but first and foremost for us Also, wait, wait, wait. Hang on. So wait, wait one second.

So before you get to the testing, 'cause we're definitely gonna get there. I definitely want to hear that. But so before we get there, I wanna talk a little bit more about creative, uh, because so when, so last night when Rich and I were, were were chatting like, one of the things that we were talking about as it relates to creative, right? So of course part of the creative is right, part of the creative. And I would say that this goes both on the marketing campaign side as well as the, the media buying side is certainly the angle, the hook, the idea that you are using to me, right?

This is one of the things that kind of my contribution, my big contribution to the conversation last night was that I really think that even more, more valuable, much more valuable from my perspective than in the creative, than just the formatting, than just the, um, the background, than just the model that you're using. You know, whoever is on camera is right? Are you tapping into an idea that is viewed as unique, fresh, timely, that is different, right? Like, so in other words, you know, a, a change in the background of a video, while that can certainly produce an incremental increase in response, it won't have the same kind of potential to increase response that a change of idea can have, right? So a change in the idea, change in the hook, a change in the angle, a change in, uh, in the overall theme, you know, can really make a a, um, a huge difference.

That being said, that being said, I wanna talk about things like for a second. Do you consider, or how much do you consider when thinking about creative things? Like who is the, the, the, you know, what's the face that you're, you're using in the ad, or who's the model that you're using in the video? Is it a man, is it a woman? Is it, does it match the demographic of the, of the audience?

And I would ask the same thing as it relates to the kind of the, the background. You know, there's a big difference between let's say having a bookshelf behind you, having nothing behind you, having a bunch of awards behind you, whatever it may be. And so any insight that you would give with those two things, background and model person, It could, it could, I see those things as the, as the, the tactical nuances to the creative. I see the strategic side first and foremost is our priority is like what you said, it's the hooks, it's the angles. Is what we have new, fresh, different, is it exciting?

Is it, and all those things that we talk about from like, from a, like a strategic point of thing, like first and foremost, that's where our minds go. 'cause like that's, that's gonna, what's gonna make up the bulk of the results after that? The tactical nuances, like, oh, we use in a background, are we use in a spokeperson? If it's a video, is it the expert on camera, is it not? Is it text?

All that stuff I see is secondary to the strategic side of things first and foremost. Okay, but still valuable. So I agree with you completely, right? I think that, you know, like, look, you know it in in a lot of ways, you know, um, John, it reminds me of when I would say crude saying, but you know, like, you know, putting lipstick on a pig, like it's, you know, if you've got a weak idea, uh, idea, a weak, you know, hook angle perspective, if it's run of the mill, if it's ordinary, right? Then what most marketers and entrepreneurs attempt to do is to make it sound extraordinary with word choice to spice it up with copy.

And I think that, uh, you know, a lot of people attempt to do that as well in their media with their creative. They'll, they try to do these little tiny tactical things that can play a role. Uh, but they do these little tactical things to try to increase response. Uh, but yet it's the underlying idea hook angle that is really, from my perspective, the big mover. It's not to discount the value of those things, like the spokesperson, the background and, and all of the other elements of the creative.

It's just to say that, right, those things on top of an an ordinary hook angle idea aren't gonna move the needle nearly as much as a great idea. I would even go as far as to say personally that a great idea, even with average creative, um, is gonna do better than an ordinary run of the mill idea with great, great creative. And so, okay, but, so let's shift gears. And so can you just walk through maybe high level how you be, before we get to testing, how you begin to even think about creative? So there's a campaign and now you want to, you wanna start to put together the creative, um, for, uh, some media buying.

What's the process that you go through? What are you thinking about? What are you looking at? What are you analyzing? How are you making decisions about the initial creative that you're gonna use?

So the first thing that we normally do is do like a, like when we, let's say when we onboard a client, we have a, we do our onboarding call and like, that's normally shifted into three parts. And one of those parts is, uh, well, two of those parts are talking about where we get the bulk of our angles and ideas for creative. First and foremost, we're doing a deep talk and analysis on the, the market, like the, the target customer for this offer. And then secondly, we're doing a deep dive into the actual offer in terms of like, what are all of, all of the, what are the problems or problems that it's solving, all these type of things. And we're doing a deep analysis.

And from there we generally get a, like we, we can generally get a flood of ideas of potential angles for creatives there. And then once, once we have those, the next part where we generally, generally look is in terms of, okay, let's look at the actual messaging on the pages where we're gonna be sending people, and then can we pull angles from those pages and make them nearly like an extension of the page. So let's say, for example, if we're, if there's a particular offer that's talking about, you know, it's, it's the, the example that you always use, the the the lush green loan and, and everything else. So let, let's say there's a sales page talking about, so that, that desire that someone has to have a lush green loan and on the sales copy is talking about all of these different benefits and all of these different things related to a lush green loan. And, and then we will pull those and get ideas directly from the sales page or directly from the landing page where we're sending people.

Because again, that's naturally gonna lead to congruency in the actual ads because we're pulling it directly from the page that people are going to. Then after that, like, we also wanna look at, and this is I think something that, that not a lot of people do, is that we wanna make sure that we get to see competitors creative. Because obviously if someone is interested in a certain, certain topic or they're interested in a certain team, or they're looking to solve a certain problem, they're gonna be exposed then to more than just our ads or our client's ads. They're also gonna be exposed to other ads from competitors. So we wanna make sure that we're looking at the competitor's ads to see what they're doing, not only from the point of view of, okay, like the, the competitor's been running a certain ad for a certain length of time.

So that type of an ad is doing well, but also to, to have that contrast between our competitors. We call it competitors' contrast. So it's basically that we can stick, we, we can sometimes leverage elements in our ads that maybe competitors aren't leveraging that we can like to have that tactical advantage or that edge over them. Let's say for example, if all competitors are leveraging square, um, videos, we may leverage landscape videos just to stand out against the competitor. So it's important to look at the competitor stuff as well, not only to get potential ideas, but also potential ways of standing out against competitors when people are scrolling through the newsfeed or if people are watching videos on YouTube or whatever the case may be.

And so, okay, so, so there are, so when are you, when are you, uh, when are you using what you see competitors doing that is working for them? And when do you use what you learn about competitors to do the opposite or to, to stand out, right? Like, I have to imagine that there are some, in terms of competitive analysis, there's some things that you look at, you see this is working well for them. They're obviously running this ad continually, uh, and and have been, um, in their direct response. So we know that they obviously know the numbers.

And so like, what are some of the things that you're, you're, you're using from competitors to model and, and versus the things that you're seeing from competitors that you want to contrast in, in your approach. So if the, if it's an offer that's like, if it's a brand new offer and it's like it's never been ran before, we may look at, um, competitors that has to, You're, you're talking about the client, you're talking about your, the client's offer. Okay. Yeah. So let's say they're, they're launching a newer offer or a new offer that they, they haven't run a ton of traffic to already.

And we, we, they come on board with us and this is a new offer that they're promoting, let's say, for example, and there there isn't any data in their account that we can look at in terms of past performance and things that could be improved. Then we might, we'll, we'll do a lot of competitor analysis that with, with competitors that have similar offers. Because if there's competitors out there running similar offers and they have ads that've been, that they've been running for a number of, you know, weeks or months, we can, we can assume that, you know, with, with, with high, um, probability that the, like the, these ads are, are ads that are producing good results for them. So we can either model what they're doing from a, the creative point of view, and then we'll in our testing process further down the line, then we may start to add in the, the contrast elements that I talked about. But first and foremost, we would leverage competitors.

If it's a newer offer, if it's an offer with existing data, we're gonna leverage what has already worked first and foremost. So let's say we, we take on a client and they've been running ads for a number of, for quite some time for this particular offer, but maybe they, they just haven't been, um, thrilled with the results that they're getting. So then the first things that we would do is when we would do a deep dive into their account and deep dive into what's, what's been done already. We may find that there's some, you know, winners in there, some gold in there that we can leverage. And then when we're in our testing process, as part of that testing process, we may introduce some of the contrast elements from competitors like they talked about.

Okay. Got. And I can talk through the, the testing process in a little bit more detail if that's helpful. I mean, 'cause we have a very particular testing process for Facebook as well as for, for YouTube as well. Yeah.

So let's segue into that. We'll probably bounce, uh, I'll probably have some questions that'll bounce back and forth a little bit, but let's segue into, so yeah, so, okay, so what is the process for identifying winning creative that you use? Like how do you, you know, so what's that process? Start with, you could start with Facebook, you don't have to go back and forth between Facebook and YouTube. Start with Facebook and then you could explain YouTube.

So what's your process for finding winning creative? So first and foremost with Facebook, we generally start with image ads because they're the easiest to test and they're the easiest to get live and get going. Um, if the client is, they, like, some clients are super quick with video, so they're like, if we give them either a, a outline of videos or we give them scripts, they can record them and have it back to us in a couple of days and we can have them edited or whatever. Some other clients are not so comfortable on video, which is always why we default to to, to to image first. So let's say we, we've, we've made the decision that we're gonna test out images on Facebook.

We use a three by three by three method. So that's why we start with three images, three headlines, and three text variations. And that gives us up to 27 different creatives to test at the beginning. And how we do that is that we have, so we have our three images, and each of those images would follow a similar team or hook or angle. So we're not mixing up angles in our images, we're not mixing up teams in our images.

And each of the crea each of the headlines would all follow that si similar angle hook or team as well as the descriptions or as well as the, the primary text parts of that. So basically every Facebook ad is, is made up of the, the, the big part of it, which is either image or video. We have the headline and then we have the primary text. There's also description, but these days we typically don't use the description at all because it, it kind of truncates the copy when you see the actual ad. So basically we focus on those three elements, and then within the, the, like, the biggest things for us are gonna be like what people see initially it's that it's that thumb stop.

It's the, they're going to see the image first and foremost, and then after that they either look at the headline or they, they look at the primary text. So the first thing that we're looking to dial in is the, is the images. And then with the, with the, with the, the three copy variations, the pre three primary text variations, typically we do a longer copy version, a shorter copy version, which may be just, you know, one or two sentences and then like, kind of like a, somewhere in between. And they're, again, like I said, they're all following that one hook, that one team or that one angle. And we would test those for a period of time.

Typically, like at a minimum, we are looking to get a thousand impressions on each of those ads. Um, but like longer term, what we're looking to do from our creatives is to spend at least one times the allowable CPA that the client is willing to get pay for that lead or for that sale to give the creative enough time to, to see if it can produce the result. And then with those 27 creatives, normally there's maybe 5, 6, 7, 8 that just really take off and the others are either in between or really, really poor. And then we, we go in and then we'd like the winners from that we would add to our main ad sets. And then we would go back to start that testing process all over again.

And if we find like that the, the hook or the angle is, is producing good results, not just from a click to rate point of view, but also from the actual result that we want point of view, well then we may stick with the same, um, angle or hook and just work on different variations of those three elements that I talked about. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. And so, uh, the question that I have is, so you said that there's always, you know, there's four, there's five, there's six, whatever number, uh, of ads that, that take off. How do you quantify take off?

Like what do you, I know we talked about, uh, in one of the prior calls we talk about optimizing for the result, not optimizing for steps along the, along the journey. What's the metric? Like how, how do you determine, uh, from the data what is taking off? Like what's the number that you're looking at? So the initial number we're looking at is, is link clickthrough rates.

So we wanna make sure that we're getting at our baseline clickthrough rates. So like our bottom level is usually around that 1% level clickthrough rate, link clickthrough rate. So there's, there's two click through rates on Facebook. There's click through rate, which means they, they might click on anywhere on the ad, they might click the see more button that might click, like they might click comment, comment, it might click share, they might click on the image, they might just click anywhere on the, on the, the actual ad itself. What we're looking at is link, click, share rate.

We want that to be a minimum of say around 1%. Sometimes we can get away with less, but typically our initial KPIs around 1%, but ideally closer to one and a half. If the ad is getting in and around that level, we're, we're just gonna leave it and let the, let the algorithm do its thing. That's the initial metric we look, we look at when we're looking to get the first 1000 impressions as we start to approach the a level of spend on the ad, that's where we're, that's where we're getting our second, second arguably more important metric is that, okay, it's, it's coming approach. Let's say the, the, we're doing a a lead generation campaign and the client is willing to pay $15 a lead.

Where next then the, once we, we have ads that are producing a click-through rate, say of 1% of above. We're gonna let them run up to the, the ideal CPA, which is the $15 a lead. So at the lower level, we're just gonna let it spend one time CPA, if the client is a little bit, um, sheepish on spend, we're just gonna let it spend one time CPA to see if we're getting leads at the higher end. We, like, we, we, we, I much prefer to go say to two times CPA, just to give the algorithm enough chance to actual, to actually spend to see if we can get the results. So first and foremost clickthrough rate, but the, the second one is the actual result that we want, which is either a, a lead or a sale.

Got it. Okay. Wow, you shared a lot there, which I appreciate. That's, I gotta digest some of that for sure. And so, okay, and so what's the, what's the process on YouTube for the initial testing?

So for YouTube, it's, it's a little bit different because the, the main creative is just, it's, is video. So like the video itself is how we construct that video is the, is where the bulk of the creative testing is done. Because we see the video as, it's like as, there's three parts to every video. We, there's the opening or the hook, there's the, the, the body and then there's the actual style of the video. So like, whether it's talking head, whether it's text or whatever the case may be.

So we're testing like the, the initial parts that we're testing from a YouTube point of view is the, is the hook part, because obviously within five seconds someone could skip the video if we're using skippable instream ads, which is primarily what we would do. Um, so basically skippable instream ads, in case anyone's not familiar is the, is the ad is an ad that's overlaid on top of the video that people wanted to watch when they clicked the ad. So like within the first five seconds, like the people have no choice, they must watch the first five seconds after that they can skip. So it's those within those first five seconds where we're really doing the bulk of our testing. 'cause like that's gonna determine whether people hit skip or whether keep watching.

And obviously we want some people to skip. We want the wrong people to skip, but we want the right people to keep watching. So we do the bulk of our testing initially around the hook or the opening of the video. So generally speaking, the way we construct our video ads on YouTube is that we may have say five different hooks that are like approaching the, approaching the, the, the video from five different ways. Um, and then we have like the one core body part of it.

And then we may, we may in the future start testing different call to actions at the end or introducing call to actions earlier in the video. But first and foremost, we're testing our, um, the hook of the video as well as, um, the, we have with our YouTube ad, we have the main video, like I said, but we also have a headline, we have a description, we have the long description, and we have the thumbnail of the video. They're not as important, but they are important. They're not as important as the hook, but they are equally as they, they're, they're the next most important thing after that. And like these in the past that like, this was a change I didn't get to mention last week when we discussed, but in the past, all of that used to have to be done individually.

So we'd have like individual ads, individual headlines, individual descriptions. But in the past couple of months, YouTube have actually made it easier to test now. So you can just, when you go to create a YouTube campaign and you're uploading your creatives, you can upload five videos at a time, five headlines at a time, five descriptions at a time, five long descriptions at a time. So you can do the testing a lot quicker now, which is really good for us. Um, but you still have to test the right elements.

'cause you know, like, um, we talk about a lot on our marketing calls. We want to test, test, test things that screen not whisper. And first and foremost, the thing that screams is the, that opening five, five seconds of the video. It's like what we talked about last week, dean, or the, you know, that the opening is to get them to read the next part and the, to get them to, to read the next part. And it's much like the video, if the opening doesn't engage them, doesn't, doesn't draw in the right prospect and repel the, the wrong one.

Like the chances are we're gonna have, you know, people skipping when they shouldn't be skipping and, and people watching when they shouldn't be watching. Very interesting. So this is right. So, and we've kind of, you and I have talked a a bit about this, um, before in the past that, that first, you know, five seconds. So I'm curious, and I, I don't know if you have a deep answer for this, uh, you've given deep answers thus far up to this point, but so how does somebody know, how does somebody know in those first five seconds?

You know, you had used the word hook, you said, right? Like it's the, the hook in the first, you know, five seconds. What's the, the, you know, what, what are they actually saying? What's coming outta their mouth? What are they communicating?

What's the, what's the copy I'm curious though of is how do you decide if it is, let's say the hook or what's actually being said, like how you're articulating the hook, right? 'cause you can take a hook just like you can take a big idea and you know, folks ask all the time to take a a, a left turn for one second. Folks ask all the time, what's the difference between the headline and the big idea? Like, aren't they the same? And the answer is no.

The headline and the big idea behind a marketing campaign aren't the same thing. The headline are the words that we use to express the idea. And any idea can be expressed with a number of different words, which is why you can come up with a number of different headlines and variations to express the same underlying idea. So you can change the headline without changing the hook, you know, or, or, or underlying idea. And so taking that now and applying it to that first five seconds, do you have any thoughts on like, how do you know when you should change the copy that's being used versus testing, let's say something like a different model, you know, a different person going from a man to a woman we know, for example, that, right, like, you know, people stop a lot more to watch women and engage with images of women than they do, um, men.

Or how do you know if it is, or, or how do you decide if you do it all when it's, let's change the, the background instead of me being static and seated at a desk like this, maybe it's me delivering the same exact copy, the same exact opening, but it's maybe me walking outside or me at the beach or me driving or something like that. And so do you have any kind of insights to when is it the copy versus let's say the format, you know, like maybe it's, maybe I should go from on camera to not being on camera or the other way around, or maybe it shouldn't be me who's delivering this copy. Maybe it should be somebody else in the, in those first five seconds. Any thought on that? Yeah, so we have a kind of a, a set structure that are a set, um, I don't wanna call them rules, but set things that we like that are nearly non-negotiables for us in our, say YouTube ads.

Like things like the, like things like captions burned in, like that's a non-negotiable, all those kind of things. So when we start to, like, for us, it's our, it's primarily the, the, the hooks and the, the angles that we're testing first and foremost, once we find an angle or a hook that's hitting our KPIs, then we would start to test variations of that. Like different backgrounds, like a different spokesperson, like a different style. But first and foremost, we're looking to, to get the, the, the, the angles or the hooks that are performing the way we want 'em to first. And then after that we would look at the, the other, other elements.

Does that make sense? Yes, totally does. And so you're nailing the, the, the kind of the hook first, and then you're playing with format delivery, all, all that. And so my follow up question then is I, because I wanna make sure that I fully understand and I wanna make sure that everybody else fully understands. So in this context, when you say hook, uh, are you talking about the, the overall angle issue, problem topic that's being addressed?

Or are you talking about, what are the first words that come, come outta somebody's mouth? Like are you, like, let's say there was, you know, um, let's say we were, you know, the, the ordinary hook. We were doing something for a diabetes supplement and you know, the, the approach that we were taking was more kind of fear-based, like, you know, uh, don't succumb to the damage of, you know, of diabetes. Like, are you, when you say finding the right hook, are you playing around with the words that you're using to articulate that fear-based approach? Or are you actually testing fear-based verse, you know, more, um, positive based?

Like, is it the actual underlying idea that you're playing around with? Or is it the copy to express the idea that you're playing around with? It's more the, the, to the copy to express the idea. Okay. So let's say for example, we'll take this diabetes example and it is a fear-based like the, the h****r, the, like the overall team of the copy on the sales page is fear-based.

Then we're going to, like, we're gonna switch up in the opening that I, I I prefer to call it the opening of the ad than hook because it does get people mixed up between is it a different hook than what's on the page and et cetera, et cetera. So for the openings, we may present that idea in four to five different ways. We may present it like a, we have these kind of, like, we have a framework that we use that is, we have a, a, a heaven, a hell, a a factual based statistics to, we talk about, let's say the, um, the, the fear base is that, you know, you're talking about the fact that if you don't fix your diabetes issue, you're gonna die young. You won't be able be able to go to your, your daughter's wedding and all these different types of things to really induce that fear and that that visceral feeling. So we may talk about the statistics of if we're targeting, say, males over 40, that the statistics on the, did you know that, um, males over 40 in the us, over 26% of them, um, die before they reach 45?

Yeah. Like, that's a fear-based statistic. So we would use a statistic element for one, we would use a a how we can, is there a way we can present that fear-based in a, like we call it a towards hell environment. So can we even like drill it even even further where we dial in the, dial up the notches even further to, to bring them towards their, to, to, to, in, to illustrate the pain that they could be in if they don't solve that problem. And then we would also switch it while still keeping some sort of a fear element in there to introduce the heaven, like the, what happens when they do solve it.

So moving them from their, from their fear into their heaven. Then like I said, we would've a statistic, then we leverage what we pretty much like that Rich has been talking about for a long time is the, the taste element. So rather than like, teasing, and this is something we're using a lot right now because it is working so well, rather than teasing, like, in this video you're gonna learn blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, just get straight to it with the, here's two things you can do to, to fix your diabetes issue. One, do this, two do that. And then like that, that's, that's a hook in itself.

And then the another element we would use is like a social proof element is like, this is, this is Tom Tom's 45 years old, and he's been suffering with, you know, he's been, he was six stone overweight or whatever the case is, and now he's not. And now he was worrying about this and now he's not. And then like that, that in itself is a hook. So we use, we have kind of like frameworks that we use to, to introduce the overall team or the idea of the, the offer to people. Okay.

Woo. That was like a, a rapid fire, you know, a rapid fire masterclass in creative, like in terms of you just sharing, uh, so much, right? I have to absorb that and, and go back and watch this myself, uh, uh, a second time. And so I don't wanna overwhelm folks. There's so much that I wanna talk about as it relates to creative.

So I wanna, I wanna wrap, but before I do, is there any, to kind of bring this down, if there was like, look, if there was, you know, to bring this down now from, you know, lot of tactical stuff, lot of moving parts, you shared a lot of stuff for folks to think about. If there was kind of one singular thing that you would share with folks about, uh, finding winning creative or, you know, uh, identifying winning creative or their, you know, how they should approach winning creative. Is there one kind of thing, actionable thing that you could share with people? We're gonna continue to talk about creative on, you know, on on future calls? I'm gonna continue to pick your brain, but is there like one thing that you would share to kind of bring it down to actionable for folks?

I mean, it, I think it's difficult to, to, to say one thing. I think there's like the creative, like, don't overlook it. Like it's, it's the first part of your campaign that people see. And if you're, hopefully you're putting a lot of tone and effort into your actual campaign, and you should also be putting a lot of thought into your creative as well. Like, we talk about when, like with, with the offer, and I'm sure we'll talk about the offer at some stages, part these, these videos is that people oftentimes like, oh, they just throw together their offer in 10 minutes and they don't actually think through it.

It's the same with your creative. If you don't actually think through your creative and think through it strategically, not just like tactical elements like we talked about, but strategically think through your creative, like the chances are that the people that should be clicking on that creative, the people that you want to help, the people that you're putting money into the, these platforms to hopefully reach chances are, if you're not thinking through your creative as much as you should be, you're not gonna get the chance to help them. You're not gonna get the chance to solve their problem. Like they, hopefully you're putting offers out there into the marketplace. 'cause you do want to help people and you do wanna solve their problem.

And if you're just kind of skimping on the creative and saying, oh, I'll just throw together this and, and hope for the best. You're doing demo disservice and you're doing yourself with the service. So like really think through the creative process and from a strategic point of view, and then add in all the, the tactical, the tactical nuance after the fact. And then like, I, I think you'll be so much better off. Yeah, well said.

I, I, I think, you know, we'll finish with this, you know, going back to the conversation that I was having last night with, um, with Rich, you know, one of the things, and we've talked about this multiple times before, and this isn't anything necessarily new, but I think it's worth repeating and reminding folks of, is that really, you know, your funnel, your campaign is only going to be as effective as your ad creative, right? Because if you're, if you can't get people to click, if you can't get the right people to click, if you can't stand out, if you can't get attention with your ad creative, then the volume of traffic that you're getting to your marketing campaign, to your funnel is gonna suffer. And so your, your funnel's success is determined by, by the quality of your creative, not only the quality of your creative. We know that there are a lot of other elements that make the campaign work, but you could have a great campaign dialed a great big i big marketing idea, unique mechanism, marketing argument, campaign thesis, sin offer the whole nine. Everything could be dialed, the bump, the upsells, the downsells, the follow up, all of that, the backend.

But if you're weak, uh, on the ad creative side, well the volume of traffic that you get is going to be suppressed. And not only that, but this is one thing that we'll talk about at, um, at some future point for sure, that was also part of this conversation last night, this larger conversation, was that you, the volume of traffic will not only, um, suffer because of that, but the economics can be thrown off wildly on the campaign itself. So in other words, sometimes it could be the ad creative that is just subpar and is causing what it is that you are paying to get visitors to go through the roof, which is now throwing off the entire economics of the campaign. So you could actually take a, a, a great, uh, a great funnel, a great marketing campaign, right? Cause a massive decrease in traffic.

Cause the price of that traffic or the cost of that traffic to go through the roof, all because the ad creative isn't, uh, isn't up to par. It's not doing what it is that we need it to, um, to do, coupled with, of course, everything else in the media buying realm in, in your world. But I think that that's really something worthy of everybody, um, to ponder to really think about that. Um, that, that ad creative ultimately determines how many people you expose to your, to your, your funnel, to your offer, to your argument, as well as what it is that you're paying to get people to consume that message. And so, um, great stuff.

I Think, I think another thing to, just to kind of sum it up as well is that especially like two things, well, first, first of all, especially now that the algorithms are getting so smart and like they, they're gonna do the bulk of the heavy lifting in terms of getting the, the right people to see your creative, like knowing that it makes the creative that much more important. Um, but then on top of that, let's say you're, you're looking at the, the, the, the numbers in your funnel, you're looking at how the, the overall economics are playing out and you're saying to yourself, oh, like the, the default that everyone usually goes to is, oh, my sales conversion rate is too low, and let's say your sales conversion rate is 1% and you know, it needs to be 2%. That sounds like it's easy. It's like, oh, I need, all I need to do is increase my sales conversion rate to 2%. That's a hundred percent increase on a sales conversion rate in a funnel.

It's a lot easier. Not it's, I'm not saying it's super easy, but it's a lot easier to get a creative to go from 1% to 2%, and it is a sales conversion rate on a funnel, 1% to 2%. And the, the, the result is the exact same thing. You're, you're half in, if you get your creative, if you're at 1% right now and you're complacent with that 1% and you're not really strategically thinking through your creatives, I could guarantee that we could come in and we could look at your creatives and really aligned in which your offer aligned with whatever everything that we've talked about and increase your, increase your click through rates dramatically. And by doing that, we're reducing the cost of every single click that we get to your funnel.

And thus getting more people to your funnel, getting you, giving you more opportunities to convert them versus trying to, you know, like, like we know, we know how hard it is to iterate on a funnel and improve results, whereas oftentimes approaching creative from the right point of view and the, the right strategic angles and, and, and everything else can lead to dramatically better economics in your funnels as well, and can lead them to, to be, to get the results a lot quicker as well. Yeah, that's the money that, I mean, uh, my gosh, maybe on the next call we'll just talk about that. I, I know we just previously, a couple calls ago talked about the economics, but right, this is a game of economics. We talk all the time about how direct response, what it is that we're doing online is a game of psychology, communication, and arithmetic, right? And most people understand psychology, psychology of what?

Psychology of the marketplace, of the prospect, right? Communication. That's the copy. That's what we say based on what it is that we know about the psychology of the prospect. Most entrepreneurs, marketers get that where they kind of, what they don't fully and completely understand is the, the arithmetic, which is the economics of the, um, of the marketing game.

And I think that what you just said is so insanely important for folks to understand that you can radically decrease your cost per acquisition or your customer acquisition costs without, uh, um, impacting sales conversion rate by improving the creative, because that can lead to you paying significantly less per visitor, which then obviously if you're depending on the campaign model that you're using, would lead to a much lower cost per lead, which could, which if nothing else changes, could lead to a, or would lead to a much lower cost per acquisition, right? Therefore making the economics work. And so it, it's important to understand that in that improving the creative can, uh, can fix a lot of economic issues. At the same time, not fixing the creative, not doing the creative right, can also take what could be a winning, uh, an effective campaign and make it right a a a campaign that's no longer viable, right? And it's not, it's no longer viable, not because of anything done within the campaign itself, but merely because the creative isn't up to par and is therefore costing you more, uh, to get a visitor.

And so that's like, so, so insanely important and you couple that with what it is that you said, which we also covered on a prior call, which is that, right? That the game is really shifting. The game of paid advertising or media buying online is really shifting to more of an emphasis on creative as the algorithms do more of the heavy lifting in terms of the targeting, right? You talked and really shared, I I believe it was the last call, about how you don't need to do all the kind of the ad sets, the all all of this stuff now that we're moving more towards letting the algorithm power it, which means that the creative now is the game. The advantage no longer comes from understanding the intricacies of how to set up all these different ad sets.

It's letting the algorithm do its thing with good creative that brings you the volume of visitors that you want at the right cost so that the economics play out in your favor on your, on your campaign. And so beautiful stuff. Love it. One more time where, so like folks wanna use, you know, wanna let your wizardry do their, um, media buying. Where do they go?

I know we have it on the screen somewhere, but just what's the, what's the web address? They can simply go to e five agency.com and they can get full information on how we can help 'em scale their campaigns, um, right there. So letter E, number five, agency.com. Love it, man. Awesome.

Well, as always, brother, appreciate you hanging with me and, and, uh, letting me pick your brain. And I'm looking forward to next week as well, man. Likewise. All right, thanks, dude. All right.

Let me, how do I stop this thing? Okay.
