---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-09-06 20:01:27"
date: 2023-09-06
duration: 41m
duration_seconds: 2473
vimeo_id: 861799321
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-09-06 20:01:27

**Date:** 2023-09-06 | **Duration:** 41m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Okay. And so I have the list open on my side, but if Rob, you can just go start with the Wealth Charts, um, awards program, and let's just go bullet by bullet and you explain to me, um, what each one of these are and, and why you feel that it's, IM important, why it's on this list. Alright. So, um, I'm very excited that, uh, well Charts was notified that we're up for a, uh, award opportunity again this year. Um, and, uh, for, um, it sounds like it would be in the, uh, best, uh, day in swim trading, uh, platform, uh, category.

Um, okay. We won that last year with a, a magazine. And, uh, I'm excited because this particular magazine, the guy follows us all the time on our shows and, uh, because we're the largest show, he finds speakers that are interesting. He finds technologies that are interesting. He uses them to write articles throughout the weekend.

Traders World Magazine has been around, geez, uh, you know, uh, 30, 35 plus years, um, and maybe 40. Um, it's been around for a long time. And, uh, so he, um, uh, so he really loves what we've done in wealth charts. Uh, there's no other platform that's done what we've accomplished. And, uh, so he asked us to submit an article, uh, to us about, uh, our, our, our platform and, you know, our, our features, our benefits, and why, you know, we should, uh, win the award and what, you know, what an article would look like that we'd wanna have seen by the, um, you know, the viewership.

We did that last year. And both the award, we won the award and the article was posted by us. So that came out at literally, uh, the week before our summit this year. It's going to come out the second day of the summit, the article, although we will be given a preview copy, so we, this will be Breaking news. It's brand new award right there when the summit hits.

It could not be better timing to win, uh, an award for 2023 for Best Day in, uh, swim trading platform. Wow. Very cool. Okay. And what is the, when you say writeup, what does that mean?

It's a multi-page article, uh, covering the, uh, features, um, and, uh, uh, benefits of wealth charts, why it's, uh, you know, what we offer and why those are important, uh, you know, features and benefits. Basically. The second bullet point down, which you covered, uh, for Russ at the time, uh, you know, why are these things important? What does wealth charts do that fixes problems for people? Okay.

So it couldn't be a better, you know, piece, um, to share with the audience because I'm gonna be given a copy of it if I win again, uh, this year, like I was last year when I won, I was able to distribute a copy of the article, uh, to anybody and we could submit to our entire list in all of our databases, uh, featuring wealth charts. Okay. Got it. Totally makes sense. Okay.

And the second bullet, uh, obviously I totally get the third bullet. The, um, better benefits based sales page. And so, and I'm Sorry, I wrote sales page, I apologize. That was meant to say homepage and sales page. There's, there's, there's the homepage, uh, you know, wealth charts.

We, we, we, we cover a mountain of bene, uh, features, excuse me, on our wealth charts.com homepage. And now obviously as you know, there's a whole bunch of new things coming out that nobody even knows about, but that's great. There's a lot of features listed and there are some areas on the website where we did an okay job of listing benefits, but based on your, your superb video, really, um, and I'm not saying that's strokey, I really would, Sarah and I both agree with you wholeheartedly what you said, that video, I mean, we, we need to get much more into the, the, the, the, the hit those pain points of what are we solving with wealth charts. Yep. Um, and Wealth Charts does solve a lot.

So we need to go back to that important homepage because most of our buyers, when, so when we, when they go to, uh, buy wealth charts during the week of the summit, they go to wealth charts.com/summit. Now, that page may not be up right now, Sarah. Um, if, uh, you're Sarah had to dial in 'cause she's picking up the kids, I, I canceled my four o'clock call so we could be here and Sarah had to still pick up the kids. We told Glenda she'd be in remotely. Sarah, are you there?

Yep, I'm here. And it's, uh, it's, so the, the summit page is, it's the same order form basically that it's on, that's on, uh, it's just an order form and it's the same page pretty much that's on that, that connects to the homepage of the website now. Got it. Got it. Okay.

It's not, I think it just has a little bit of language about the summit, but it's basically the same. So we get a lot, we get a lot of people hitting the homepage of wealth charts, especially the week of the summit. And then also, um, the, um, uh, the Wealth Chart Summit, uh, four slash Summit page. Um, uh, and so those are not as benefit rich as your video would want them to be. Okay.

Okay. And so that to me, um, right, is going to be a huge part of, of our focus. And I really foresee, um, me really being able to support you guys there with that. Um, the most, I think that if, if I was, if my money, reputation, and livelihood was on the line with wealth charts and I wanted to bring this thing to the masses, I would be focusing on exactly what I said in that video. And, and just to reiterate very quickly, right, it is, I would be writing down, I would make an a a comprehensive list of what the masses want, what they're afraid of, right?

Like, I would start with the audience and then we'll figure out, right? And I'll help you with this. We'll figure out how to take that and put that into concise and compelling copy that is compliant, but that focuses on the result, the outcome that cha I don't mean the result, like you'll make more money. I, I mean, what, what problems it solves, what actual obstacles it addresses what it does for both the trader and the mom and pop investor. And so that's gonna be a huge priority for us to make sure that people really understand the impact of all of these incredible features.

And so that totally makes, um, makes complete sense to me. Now, how about the next bullet, the presentations from, uh, from Rob and, um, and Ziyad, is it? Yeah, Ziyad. Um, and so what Ziad runs our live trading room. Um, and he, so he, he is a, a natural speaker.

People, you don't really enjoy him, they gravitate towards him. And so he and I, what we do is each day of the summit, either he or I, or sometimes on the same day of the summit, we will do presentations that are designed to sell wealth charts. So what happens is, um, uh, I will usually teach a feature or a strategy, um, inside of wealth charts and show how easy your life is made using those real, real moneymaking tools. Uh, and just to put this in perspective, Todd, because no, most people you come across will never be able to say this, but, uh, you know, I, you know, last year in 2022 is my best year in financially in modern, uh, uh, history. 2023 is far superior than that.

The last two years have been my best years in modern history of trading and investing. Um, and it's really because I built a lot of advanced tools into wealth charts that I'm using. And I, and the, the two trading competitions I won back in, uh, in April this year, uh, the photographer caught all the photos of me using it. I got all the great pictures, me using the, the tools inside of wealth charts and everything else, uh, as I was going and winning those two real money trading competitions. But I am having my best year in 2023.

And in privately between you as a friend, I, I will share it to you. And as a mentor, um, you know, I'm up 57% this year and, you know, I don't have a small portfolio. Yeah. Um, and so, um, you know, that's a lot of money. Um, and, uh, so I'm having an incredible year financially again this year.

Um, and it's because we enter, we, we, that thing called the Champion Trend Pack that we added into wealth chart. So I, I won't, you know, uh, I know this is recorded, but you'll keep the recording to yourself. But the reality is, you know, I have the proof, I have the receipts as they say. Um, I have that, you know, I've done that. So while we don't talk about the 57%, um, what we do talk about is that I am having my best year in modern history and 2022 as my best year before that.

So I've had this huge escalation because of these advanced tools that we put into wealth charts that all wealth charters have access to, um, the Champs Back and the scanner. That's incredible. I mean, from a, a marketing, from a marketing perspective, that makes me salivate, right? Because you have, there's a marketing, there's a, whether that's a presentation, whether that's a case study video, the fact that like, look, you're, you're, you are a multi award-winning, you know, contest winning trader, and yet, right, you're having your best year ever, and it's directly due to the tools that you created that are now available to the public in wealth charts, right? And you have the ability to kind of share how you use these tools, right?

To, to have your best year ever like that in and of itself is a powerful marketing message. Like, that's, that's, and so at some point we really know a case study of you experiencing you, a guy that like, and, and it, it's amazing because you were already like a, a multi contest winner, a multi-award winning trader, and yet you're, you're still having your best year ever directly due to the tools that you created, which you've made publicly available in wealth charts. And so, like, you know what I mean? And you get to the beauty of something like that within the frame of a case study, within the frame, through the form of a case study that is wildly powerful. And so at some point, we really need to revisit that and talk through that a bit.

Uh, and I'm gamed for that because it's true. It's a so, you know, I always try to be careful, you know, about like profits and percentages and everything. 'cause you know, you tell 'em 57%, well, then they're like, oh, well, 57% that, you know, uh, you know, on, on a, a dollar well, versus hundreds of thousands versus a millions. So what, what'd you make 57% on Rob? You?

And then they wanna get into the details. So I don't even, I wouldn't even, yeah, I wouldn't even, you don't even need to mention the 50, the 50, uh, like, and the beauty is right, that you can actually, you can address the fact that you're not gonna talk about percentages and actual dollar amounts of money that we're talking about, or the percentage here. What I want you to focus on is how I, how I am doing this, how I am using these tools to have my best year ever, right? In modern history in trading. That's what I want you to focus on, that we don't need to get into percentages or amounts or anything like that.

And so, right. We just address it head on and then get into it. And so I think that that's totally fine. And so, yeah. We'll, we should really talk about that because to me, that is a, an incredibly powerful tool for promoting wealth charts, like I said, through education, right?

Through the guise of education, under the frame of a case study, your case study, without having to get into any kind of specifics. And look, the beauty is to be super compliant, get into the money, right? I'm not gonna get into the percentage, 'cause I don't want you to become enamored by the amount of money that this has, has, has created. And I'm not even here to tell you that you're gonna create an extraordinary amount of money or anything like that. What I'm here to do is show you how I personally am having my be.

Does That make sense? Yeah. Hey, Sarah, is Todd breaking up for you? Or is there something wrong with my internet? Um, Sarah, Uh, I had a couple of little blips there.

I thought it was my internet since I'm on the phone in the car. But yeah, I had a couple little BSS there. He, he's going out for me for like five or six, seven seconds at a time. So, but is he going out that long for you, or not about that long. Uh, sorry, sorry about that.

Well, I'm hoping that on the recording and I'll send you the copy. Yeah, I'll, I'll give you guys a copy of this after. I'm hoping that on the recording it's okay on my end. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

That's all that matters. We'll, we'll get it. Don't worry about it. Uh, yeah, I'll just watch the recording afterwards. Uh, for this part, don't worry about it.

Okay. I wanna keep you your own move so that you understand. So these PowerPoints, that's how we come into the, we, that's how we go onto the summit the week of the show. I teach, I, I usually teach a concept or I teach a strategy and then, and then at the end of that, I show now here, you can do this too, or have access to those same tools by, you know, getting, uh, wealth charts here. Um, and so that's how we've done it, uh, historically.

And obviously, uh, you know, we've sold that way. Yeah. But I've always known that there's a much better way we've got these PowerPoint decks, you know, and I know there's better ways to do it than what we're doing. And so I, I just, that's why I was like, man, I really gotta look at back at these PowerPoint decks. Um, uh, you know, to especially, you know, we've got all these new features, the coding, so by default they're gonna have to be, you know, um, enhanced because of AI and because of the, um, uh, the, the different things there, you know, that we've added the well script, uh, the, the drag and drop vindicator builder.

So they have to be updated at a minimum, but I just don't think they're as persuasive. And they're certainly not in case study format, as you mentioned, that we could easily do now. I mean, we didn't do it last year and last year was my best year on me, you know, recent memory. It's a, it's a real shame not to go ahead and take advantage of that now. 'cause we could at least run the mileage on that, uh, you know, uh, for, 'cause it's gonna be almost impossible for me to get better than 57% on a large portfolio like that again next year, right?

Yeah. So if as long as I can go ahead and have, you know, even a, a good year next year, um, you know, uh, going ahead and being able to go into the first several months of next year, I could still run with that. Say, look, 2023 was my best year in modern memory and already here in January and February this year, I'm having a great year. Uh, you know, and I, you know, and, and, you know, leave it at that. Um, but at least between now and the end of the year, by gosh, let's get, you know, the, the mileage out of that.

And I'm hoping through the January summit we can use that since it's just January, it's only a couple weeks into it, you know, so it's, you half the people are still saying, you know, it's, you know, 2023 at that point, you know, 'cause it's, it's, you know, it's two weeks into the new year. Um, and so I'll be able to still get mileage out of it. I I just closed out my best year in modern memory. Um, you know, um, so that'll be exciting, right? Uh, yes.

To, you know, get track traction in October and January. So I'm, I'm completely with you, um, that we need to do that. And that's why the PowerPoints we're a focus, because I know they're, they're not anywhere and where they need, they need to be and, and, uh, with, you know, with, with some, some expert guidance, um, uh, in some way capacity, uh, we can make them much better, much, you know, really get the mileage out of October and January. Okay. I, I, I dig it.

You know, one thing to throw out, and then we'll go on to the next bullet on here is, right, I would again be thinking, right, I'd go back to bullet number two and all my presentations and what I talk about would always be linked somehow to one of the things that they want the audience, one of the things that they're afraid of, one of the things that they're concerned about. So, right. I would be picking out, if you want, like, I, I love the approach of a, a feature in wealth charts, highlighting it, highlighting the benefit of it, and then saying, Hey, it's available to you. Um, right. I would make sure that that, that whatever it is that we focus on within wealth charts is directly linked to at least one thing that they want, or one thing that they're afraid of, or one thing that they believe is holding them back.

Um, and so always linking it back on, right? And you can get it inside wealth charts, that kind of thinking. And so, um, I like it. Okay. How about the, um, the next bullet, the previous, um, wealth charts commercials?

Yeah. So we created, we have like six wonderful commercial, well, wonderful, not so wonderful. They're, they're bene they're feature based. We have options Hunter, we have algo Hunter. Well, what the heck do any of those even mean, right?

Yeah. So we, we, we, we, we created these six like commercials. They're all between like anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes long that we play each hour between like the, uh, summits. So we created video commercials and, um, but what they're not, they're, they're feature based really compared to benefits based. They'll, they'll, they'll make a little, a little, obviously we make little references to benefits, like, oh, take, you know, wealth chart's on the road with you, you know, you know, trade from anywhere.

Okay, great. But it's not really to the heart of bullet number two, right? Uh, the, the true, you know, deep, you know, primal needs that they need met from the platform. So we need to revisit those, you know, six or so commercials to, you know, 'cause they're, they have background music, they have a voiceover. Um, and, and we have all that ability to change all that in-house.

By the way, that's all in-house by us. We didn't go to a third party. So we have great commercials that we can re-edit. We just need to go and think more about those, you know, bullet number two. Okay.

All, all bullets here revert back to bullet number two. Yep. Yeah. Well said. Well said.

Okay. And the beauty is, even looking ahead, when I reviewed this earlier, um, and what I thought you were gonna, uh, explain to me, which you, you're, you are, a lot of these bullets are going to, like, a lot of the heavy lifting for these bullets on here is gonna come from the work on bullet two, right? Correct. And so when, once we've done that work, that's where we're gonna be pulling that stuff for the updated homepage, right? For the order form, we're gonna be using those benefits.

We're gonna carry that over into, you know, the, um, the, an updated commercial or two. We're gonna carry that over into the email sequences. There's going to be repetition because we're using multiple channels to get the word out about all of the different ways that wealth charts benefits the, um, the end user. And so the next bullet, the email sequence to sell wealth charts. This is now you're talking about a sequence to go out to the different lists that you guys have, correct?

That's right. I have a six digit list. Now. We have, I, I gotta be careful we have six digits worth the list. But there we have the Wealth 365 list, we have the Become a Better Trader list, and then we have our publisher brand list that now we know who those people are.

They're either interested in stock, uh, trading, or they're interested in day trading, or they're interested in state. So we have Segmented List, we have what we call our publisher brands. It's our editorial. So we know what their interest is. So we could either develop more tailored messaging to them or, uh, if we don't wanna do that, um, certainly what we have to do, um, we need to focus Wealth 365 and become a better trader between all those lists.

Uh, that encompasses most of the people that are on all the publisher brands. 'cause they originally came into, like, they registered for a summit and then they got onto one of our publisher brands and things of that nature. So, um, just from a, starting from the easier perspective, but Todd, this is the most low hanging fruit in the company. If you remember when I sat down with you and Dam, uh, Damon, we talked about this, we've never sent an email campaign, never in the history of our companies have we sent an email campaign featuring wealth charts and getting people to sign up through wealth charts in some way, shape or form through an email campaign to our list. And that is a six digit list of the culmination between these groups.

That is a massive, massive, uh, low hanging fruit opportunity. Yeah. Wow. Okay. And so, just again, to make sure that I understand, so if, so, the Wealth 3 365 list and the Become a Better Trader list, if we focused on an email sequence for those two lists, that would pretty much encompass everybody?

Uh, that's correct. I, Sarah, that's a fair assessment, right? It's possible that they stayed on one of, we're gonna miss some people because they went ahead, maybe unsubscribed from the Wealth 365 list. Maybe they lost interest in coming to the Financial Summits, but they loved the list that they wound up on, that we provide content for, you know, day trading, uh, swing trading strategies, tips, uh, trade I, uh, ideas of the day. So they may still be on that list and may have subscribed from the main list like the B B T or Wealth 365 list.

But in reality, the bulk, the vast majority there might, uh, and it's fair would've to chime in here and let us know how much of a percentage you think we'd be missing if we cut out the editorial brands, the editorial brands would allow us Todd, to eventually segment, right? We could, we could go to like, 'cause roughly 50% of our, our user base is Day Traders. The other 50% is that Swing Trader, um, and or mom and pop investor. And so, um, you know, we, if we eventually wanted to make more customized, uh, like we focus on features and benefits that are directed towards swing traders, pain points versus day traders, pain points, we have that ability. Does that make sense?

Yeah. But it does, to your point, you know, so, and To answer your question, We're sure we're Probably looking at 10 to 15% or less. Yeah. Okay. So based on based, yeah.

So based on that, Sarah, and that's great, right? So 10 to 15% based on that right now, right? I'm, I'm thinking like, look, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to approach this, you know, um, realistically in that we're kind of in, I don't wanna say triage mode, but we have a lot that needs to be done in a short period of time. And my approach when we're in those kind of positions is less but better meaning, rather than create, rather than put a put ourselves in a position to try to create six email sequences, I would rather create two that are better, that are well done, that are dialed, rather than just try to rush to get six. We can always go back to that 10, 15% at some point and figure out what we wanna do to better customize the email sequences for them.

Uh, but based on 10 to 15% right now with the window, I would start by saying, let's make sure that we get the, well 365 and, um, um, become a better trader. Um, um, lists. We have an email sequence that's dialed for those lists. In, in an ideal world, and I don't know if this'll, this will be the case, you're gonna have to, we're gonna, we're gonna have to talk this through a little bit. In an ideal world, it would be great if we can use one sequence that would be appropriate for both of those lists.

If not, then we'll see how much I think we could, yeah. Okay. So I, Sarah, because I don't see a reason why we couldn't just use, uh, in fact, there's a lot of merge and blend between the Become a Better Trader and the Wealth 365 list, there's a bunch of Blend as well. So Sarah, usually, a lot of times you can merge those lists in Mei Post in that, so you only even send one email, so they're not even getting the same email from the two different locations. You can just, yeah.

And then you prioritize, you prioritize which lists they're getting the sequence from. So I can definitely do that. Beautiful. And, and, and I think they're, they're similar enough. And because historically we've done all the copy for both of those lists, we speak to them in the same way.

So I think that it makes sense to, to just do one. Yeah, that's, that's great. That's great. Because like I, and I completely agree, Rob, with what you said, that I think that that is in incredibly low hanging fruit. And so the fact that like, okay, we can put together one email sequence, um, and really make sure that it's dialed, um, that to me is, is very exciting.

And that's a, and that's a smart move. And so now how about the, um, the next two bullets? So real quickly, um, on those two, so the indoctrination right now, we do not have a real follow-up sequence once you join us. Uh, we don't have like a five or a 10 day sequence just to go ahead and highlight a feature or a benefit to get them using the platform, um, the, uh, you know, and, and, and also encourage them to feel free to set up a meeting like a, in the email sequence, like, Hey, would you like help setting up your new platform? Because what happens is either people will come in and they will just dive in, and then they'll become wealth charts lovers, or they buy it and then they don't get themselves engaged.

Or they'll log in one time and they'll be like, eh, I, I don't really know what I'm doing here. Um, and then all of a sudden when their next subscription comes up, they, it's like, oh, I never really used it. Sorry, I'm gonna cancel it. And we'll see. Yeah, look, they logged in the day, the day they bought it a year ago, and, you know, they never logged in from that point on.

And so what I want do is I want to get, during that first five or 10 days, I want to remind them, here's the feature, here's a feature, here's, you know, a benefit, you know of a feature, right? You know, use this, use that, Hey, you know what, and then I'd like to send an email, set up an appointment where they could even set up on the calendar. 'cause I've got all these great customer service staff and, and so, uh, you know, they can go ahead and book an appointment for a half hour, you know, jumpstart, uh, tutorial, uh, with our people to help them transition into wealth charts. Yeah, yeah. Okay.

That, that makes total sense. So we're talking about now, excuse me, we're talking about the users of wealth charts and getting them to stick, getting them engaged with the application, using the application, feeling part of the, you know, the tribe, so to speak, um, so that they stick around, they get value, and they remain a subscriber long term. Exactly. So this would, this sequence would come on when they start, when they join, they would go ahead and get it, be part of that, uh, they would be part of that sequence. Not that we can't, we can't, we should also send it to people, even if they've been around for a while, to remind them about features and remind them.

It's amazing how many people, you know, will say, I never knew you had that feature or that benefit. Yeah. You know, um, we have that all the time, right? Uh, so it'd be nice to send the sequence to long-term existing people, but the urgency is, you know, you're, we get the, we get the high adoption and acceptance rate, but it's, we have an unnecessary loss involved there with the people that join in. They, they log in one time and then they don't use it again.

Um, and, and so we want to go ahead and for those people, we wanna have a path to success. Like, Hey, we're here to help you through that process, you know, uh, and, uh, and, and, and, and introduce them day after day, make them feel good about their purchase. Um, and, uh, then also introduce 'em, all those features. So, you know, we, we, it, it'll, it'll cause you know, we'll, we'll retain much more revenue in the long term by having that sequence. Yeah.

Without question. So let me, let me throw this out there for what it's worth. Um, very quickly, and then we will, we'll wrap up with the, the last bullet. So for what it's worth, my take, and I'm gonna go back to right, if this was, if, if we were partners, if my money, reputation livelihood was on the line, um, this, I would approach this as the, the, the sequence, the stick sequence, if you will, um, as a much larger project. And what I mean by that is, number one, I would do an analysis of the list to see where the typical person is dropping off.

I would look to, and I don't know how much of this is possible in terms of data, like, I don't know how much of this is possible to actually know, but I would, in an ideal world, I would wanna see where does the average individual drop off? Do they get to the first billing? Do they get to the second billing, third billing, what is it? Um, I would wanna see what are the most engaged users? What are the features that they're using?

What are they doing? Or is there any trend or commonality between the people that, um, stick around in terms of whether it be how quickly they get their, you know, their, their stuff set up, how quickly they start using, you know, whatever certain, certain features. Um, I would see if there's something that we can learn from the behavior of the, um, the engaged users compared to what the, you know, the unengaged people that are dropping out what they're not doing. And, um, and then what I would do is I would really like to see what are some of the savviest, um, call it, you know, SaaS companies doing from a stick perspective. Is there gamification?

Is there a step-by-step kind of, you know, roadmap? Do you know, do these five things first? Is there a small kind of, you know, course that people go through and they get, you know, dinging, reward, you know, blah, blah, blah for completing, um, each step and then ideally, right. I would say that what, what I would, what I would have us do is monitor how well that is impacting stick. And we may be, we may need to, um, test some additional things to see how we can repeatedly increase the stick rate and the length of stay.

So to me, while I think that a, you know, a sequence, an email sequence is certainly going to be a part of that, I don't think that it does justice to the importance of stick retention, creating that engagement, getting people using the app. Like look, we know that the, the faster we can get people engaged with the app, using the app, seeing and understand the benefits of the app, experiencing the benefits of wealth charts, the more app they are to stay and the longer that they're gonna stay. And so it's worthy to me of, um, of taking a, a little bit of a bigger perspective than just an email sequence. Certainly an email sequence is better than nothing, but in an ideal world, that in and of itself would be a, a significant campaign. Um, because like you said, that's directly, directly impacts, you know, uh, uh, money dollars, you know, bottom line dollars.

And so does that make sense? It does. And it's a lot easier to keep, you know, existing customers than it is to get new ones we have at a really higher annual retention rate. Um, but uh, you know, every, every person that leaves is kinda like a personal ding to me. It's like, oh, why couldn't we keep that person?

Right? Right. Yep. Um, and so that's why that is. And then the last bullet point, uh, so I, I agree a hundred percent with everything you said.

We do have data and metrics on like what the most popular features are. I can tell you the number one, the number two, the number 10th most used feature in our platform. Um, you know, different things like that. Uh, so we do have some data, um, and I wrote a multi-page gamification document out. Um, so maybe at some point we could talk about some of that, you know, down the road, of course.

Yeah. Not in the next five weeks, but you, the point is that we have, uh, we have the, um, um, we have the ideas, um, I'd just like to have somebody else do a Sandy check on some of them and, you know, then we can implement some of those. But to, to, you know, for the final point today, welcome back campaign. Oh, once every year or year and a half, we do a welcome back campaign. Um, and of course now with the brand new features that we've never had before, it'll be really great.

Like, for instance, um, we, we went back, uh, to not just our current users, but all of our past users and just sent out an email the other day that strictly went ahead and told them, Hey, you know what, uh, guys, we know a lot of you're calling into the office 'cause they are, uh, a lot of people are calling into the office, ask about these new features that Rob keeps talking about. They're so excited about it, can't wait to release you. We promise we're gonna go ahead and, you know, all will be revealed here, you know, at, at the October show. So sit tight a little bit longer, but you know, it's gonna be well worth the wait. It's super exciting.

Well, that already got, you know, some people. And so what we did is we sent that not just to current members, but past members, just even that. So that wasn't a welcome back campaign. That was, uh, that was a, um, you know, kind of a diversionary thing where we were really, you know, we're, we're, we're trying to keep retention with existing customers and build excitement, but then with the, on the backend, the people who are not on the inside yet are anymore. 'cause they'd canceled at some point in the past.

Um, you know, it it, it caused some of those people to come back. And then the one guy's already not just bought, uh, wealth chart's the annual membership again, but now he bought one of our partner indicators that we got additional revenue off of. So kind of the initial sale on an upsell, just, you know, out of, you know, in, uh, just for sending an email out, um, you know, that's telling people about upcoming features. So the point is, if we send an actual welcome back campaign after the summit, so the reason why these were at the bottom of the list there, um, the email sequence for welcome back, because I realized we gotta triage a little bit, and I used the word triage there. Um, you know, the, I mean the email that goes to all well, uh, all well, 365 and B B T people, that's just, we, I mean that's just ridiculous if we don't do that.

Uh, but the, um, but the, uh, welcome back campaign, you know, after the summit would be a good time to do the welcome back campaign because if, if somebody hasn't bought by then, um, through coming on the show, maybe they didn't ever attend the show, they didn't get to see the new features, uh, features, then by having the welcome back campaign, it would be good to, um, actually send dedicated emails like, Hey, do you see all these new features and all these incredible things? Get access to wealth charts now. Uh, take advantage of this special opportunity to get all these wonderful, you know, benefits, new benefits we've never had before. What a great time to be part of the Wealth Charts family, whatever, you know, the, the messaging is. But, you know, just having that and going back to our, you know, past customers too.

'cause we find at the summit that a lot of people who canceled somewhere along the way, it's usually the people that joined us back in 20 20, 20 21 when Wealth Charts was a much earlier, you know, less desirable platform for my perspective. But now, you know, we've made so many massive advancements over the last couple years. Wealth Chart doesn't even look like the same product anymore. And so now people are coming back taking a look like, whoa, there's all that. Well, wealth chart didn't have that before.

Okay. I guess I'll, uh, give it another try. Yeah. Um, and you know, and so a welcome back campaign to reach out to those people who haven't been looking at wealth charts, 'cause they think of wealth charts the way it was back in its infancy, um, you know, which was a shell of a program compared to what it is now. All the benefits and the pain points it addresses today are, well, like I said, look at me, my own personal wealth went up a lot more last year and then even more this year because of the things we put into it, right?

So it's kind of a, you, you, you, you see what I'm saying? So when people can see that for themselves, uh, that's gonna be huge and that's what the welcome Back campaign is. Totally, totally makes sense. Yeah, totally makes sense. And I think that what you just said about Right, last year being, you know, a great year this year, being an even better year can be the backbone of that sequence, right?

Like based on your, you know, based on these new tools, right? And so you wanted to make them aware of these new tools. And so I, I dig that. I also think that it's smart that you put these on the bottom of the list in terms of priority, because what we need to think about is the things that have to be done right, um, have to be done well and the things, uh, right. And those things have to be done first, like have to be done well for the, for the event and the announcement, all that.

Um, and so I think that it was smart to, to put this on the, uh, on the bottom of the list, but I get it. And so, um, what I'm gonna do, so I'm, I'm late, I gotta, I gotta jump, but this was extremely helpful for me. Like I said, what I'm gonna do is later, um, when I get back into the office, I'm gonna go through the recording again. I'll send you guys a, um, a copy of the, of the recording, hopefully my audio where it cut out earlier. It'll be clear for you.

Um, and then tomorrow I'm gonna send over, um, my thoughts. And I think I really already, I know that like, look, we need to nail that, that, you know, the second bullet. And I think that, um, I wanna just figure out what is the best, most efficient, most effective way for me to support you. Um, because there's a lot of stuff that needs to be done. We want it to be done well.

We want it to be done right. You know, I wanna make sure that, that we, that I, I focus on for you what I feel are the big needle movers. Um, and so I just have to think through based on this, what's the best way to approach these next handful of weeks together so that I can, um, support you in the most impactful way and we'll figure it out. You know what I mean? Like, you know, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll figure it out.

Whether it be me helping with the copy, helping to turn the benefits into really, you know, concise, compelling, um, benefit statements showing you where, you know, like, like how I would lay them out on the sales page, all that. I think that that's very easy for me to do for you. Um, I just really want to think it through and then we'll go from there. And so while it might not be, um, nearly as perfect as, let's say, having a dedicated individual who's, you know, who's working full-time on this, I think that we'll figure out how to get it done, um, the way that it needs to be done, those most important things so that, um, this is the, the, the best event that you guys have had. And that's the, that's the aim.

And so is that sound like a plan? It does. And you know, Sarah and I are not lazy and not dumb people. So, um, and we're using a lot of ai, uh, technology in, in writing and that today too. And you just, you let us know what we need to do, we will run off and work as hard as we need to on our end to make it a success.

And whatever you can contribute, uh, you know, and help with is well appreciated. We understand that you're one person and you have a lot of other, uh, responsibilities. So whatever you can help us with is much appreciated. And beyond that, um, you know, uh, looking forward to hearing back from you in your video, and then we're gonna hit the ground running on the things that you need from us. In the meantime, we're gonna keep working on the bullet points, uh, from bullet number two.

There are the pain points, um, and the problems that we solve, and we'll keep that Going. Beautiful. Well, yeah, we're gonna do, we'll do some good work and so we'll, we'll do some good work and we'll, like I said, you know, we're, we're gonna, we're gonna get it done. I just need to figure out what's the most efficient way to do that. Uh, but we're gonna, we're gonna get it done.

We're gonna get done what needs to be done. I know you guys are workhorses, both of you. And so, um, I have all the confidence in the world that together we can, um, we can nail it. And so Sarah, I appreciate you jumping on from the car, picking up the kiddos, much appreciated. And, and Rob, I certainly appreciate you changing up your schedule to jump on with me.

Let me boogie. Um, and like I said, keep your eye out tomorrow in Slack. I'll probably also text you just to make sure Rob, um, for a video from me. And then we'll go from there. Let's keep the momentum going and so let's, like time is of the essence for you guys.

And so let's, let's keep the momentum going. Thanks. And thanks for putting up, uh, you probably tell I lost my voice. Uh, so I, uh, thanks for putting up with my nasty voice today, but I appreciate all you Do. Thank you, Todd.

You got it. I'll see You. Thanks, buddy. Bye-bye. You got it.

Thank you Todd. Byebye.
