---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-07-08 20:02:37"
date: 2022-07-08
duration: 1h 23m
duration_seconds: 5004
vimeo_id: 728285538
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-07-08 20:02:37

**Date:** 2022-07-08 | **Duration:** 1h 23m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

you Oh, no, what's up, boys? Oh, man. I love it. Teddy is always outfitted with either top one gear E5 gear. He's always you know, he's got the shirts on.

He's representing. I love it. It's hard we get so much clothing with this company that I that's I never have a reason to buy anything anymore. I love it. I'd like to just for the heck of it just for the fun of it.

I'd like to work on one of the next shirts. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'd like to do a little like grunge theme kind of like something that's that I would be like Jack to where regardless of whether represented top one or not.

And so I'd like to work on a little like you're gonna say I need new trousers. So can we get trousers as the next giveaway? Exactly. No, I don't need any more trousers with that. So, um, so before we before we dive in to the email, you know to the stuff Teddy that you've got to cover the decisions that we have to make I listen to the entire call with what what's her name Kirsten Kirsten super I mean, I was wildly impressed Damien.

I don't know if you had the chance to go back and listen to the last part. I know you had to jump off but it was to me it was it was really insightful interesting, you know, the tech stuff was obviously, you know above my head and so there was you know, very little of that that I that I understood but I would love to hear from first you teddy and then Damian if you have anything to add of kind of what were the major takeaways for for you certainly we don't like it sounded like what she really said was the biggest factors were On the communication side whether it is subject lines body frequency consistency on that side of things and I have some questions about that was there any and it sounded like, you know, she not sounded like she explicitly said switching to a different application wasn't the answer. And so kind of right no longer needing to talk about any of these other applications and whatnot. Um, and I think that you know for me, you know while I mean look, you know, whether it whether there is a deliverability if there is any kind of deliverability issue, which it doesn't sound like there is from a tech perspective that doesn't mean that there's not a deliverability issue from the messaging side of things meaning the messaging or poor messaging or just the wrong messaging is kind of leading to all these issues. Was there any other kind of big overarching takeaways that you had?

Petty yeah, I think one of the biggest ones that really hit me was, you know, the whole the whole conversation around pain points and you know targeting for specific pain points actually using the utms to track not the campaign but the actual pain point that that campaign was hitting on and then kind of having campaigns and sequences proving that we understand that pain point and that we have a solution for right like yeah. I thought it was kind of a unique different spin on it. Yeah, it was I mean just so that that's you know, it's interesting. It was interesting to hear her talk about and I mean, I know you you've said this many times before but the getting response back to right not always using click but using you know reply back, you know, which it's kind of hard to Envision the scalability of something like that and how you you know you deal with that but nevertheless that's a different issue. It you know is interesting to hear talk about a just potentially thinking along the wrong lines in terms of what in an indoctrination sequence should be you know, like, you know, instead of thinking, you know, hey, let's put a video about Todd out in front of them as early as we can to really focus on you know, their their issues their problems demonstrating we understand solutions that that sort of thing.

The the one thing that I didn't hear her talk about and I it could be because you know, she she used the word segmentation, you know frequently and I wasn't sure if what she was saying was related to the current setup that we have, um, meaning right like segmentation based on their you know, their level of Engagement like the zero to seven or whatever, you know zero to 30, you know, 30 to 90 90 to 180. I wasn't sure if that's what she was referring to or if she was referring to you know, segmentation based on their problem their need they're awareness and attaching specific messaging to um to that and so it felt like she was really talking more about we need to get better at segmenting based on problems and that sort of thing but I wasn't sure what that then meant. for our current segmentation approach Yeah, so I you know, I think the so no, she didn't touch about you know, the zero to 30 day 30 60 day 90 days. She was talking about primarily was was that overall strategy of like you just said, right so it's not but not only so, you know first bucket might be pain points, but then second bucket, like let's say, you know, the pain point is, you know, their campaign is not converting, right? Okay.

Well, so Based on the fact that they're campaigns not converting where we talk to them differently. If they've been on our list for six years and have been exposed to our stuff or their brand new and they still you know, like like what is their level of relationship with us what other stuff that we bought with us and kind of really getting that hyper targeted? Yeah, so that right that makes sense to me what I'm still unclear on is and and maybe we're gonna talk about this but what I'm still unclear on is so does that mean that we're still like how does the segmentation based on engagement play a role in? You know this other segmentation, oh, you know like of interests problems level of awareness. Like how do those two or do they not do we well so, you know, I I think I think the, you know the zero to 30 day all that kind of stuff we're using basically in lieu of any other segmentation to some degree, right?

It's usually you're using those when we're broadcasting to the entire list, right? I think her point and and obviously we know this right like shouldn't ever be broadcasting to the entire list to a certain degree because whatever we're promoting isn't going to be applicable there, right? So it could be that we're broadcasting to the entire list. But if from her perspective, we're doing it in segments with copy and messaging appropriate to their the individuals. And so there could be right.

So we're we could send it out to our entire list, but it's just sliced and diced based on which and by default they would fall into those buckets. Anyways, like I just said like, you know, their pain point is right and then put their new to our list and it's a different different message than if somebody's been on our list for years got it, right and so, um, okay, you know the and I mean look that makes a lot more sense to me the thing that you know, as it relates to the other buckets, you know while I get the other buckets the engagement buckets from you know and engagement deliverability perspective. I said to Damien that it almost becomes this I don't know what you call prophecy. Yeah, like a self-fulfilling, you know, like it's like once somebody goes into the second bucket the likelihood of them getting an email goes down compared to if they're in the first bucket and once they get to the third bucket now, we put them in this third bucket. Now the likelihood of them getting an email or engaging whatever it may be goes down that much more because now they're being nailed with these people that have this low engagement score if that's how it works.

And so it's almost like right that's why you can see the difference in open rates from each of those segments. And so it almost becomes this like, right like, I think I said the Damian that our list are email list our total mailable list based on those three, you know tranches based on those three segments is like 28,000. You know what? I mean? And so I said to Damien like it's so, you know, like, you know like man that is the list is just minuscule and it pains me to think that we've got these, you know, we've got, you know, probably We've got triple that or certainly double that that is on our list that is unable because it doesn't they don't fall into any one of those those segments and so like it just feels like holy moly.

Like we're how we gotten to this point where we're we're you know, we added so many emails at one point but yet it's almost like this this bucket this leaky bucket now again, that could be because I haven't done a good job in the first 30 days or really I guess it has to be from the from the first 30 days on going all the time, right? Because the moment that there's a 30-day period that they don't engage they fall into that second pocket and then once they're in that second bucket the likelihood of them engaging goes down because now they're being mailed with low engagement people and so it just feels like man we're fighting this, you know, this this battle, um constantly and so A you know, it's it's the the you know, I'm trying I'm trying, you know like that, you know to some degree. Yeah, that is a measure of our Effectiveness. Like, you know, are we attracting the right people and always saying the right message to to keep them engaged? But yeah, well totally get what you're saying as well in terms of them just As they fall but I guess even deeper down down the hole and become what less engaged and again with all the noise in the market and space.

We're in right. Yeah make sense that it's harder, you know, like once they tune us out. They're gonna probably Tunes out. Yeah. Yeah, and that's you know, what's interesting and I know and then I want to get to you know, the the decisions that we need to make based on the other stuff that she was talking about the domain name and and all that but you know, it's interesting because you know what I thought about, you know, I know she mentioned, you know, um Kern in there and she was like, you know, Karen, you know some Sometimes males out eight times a day or whatever.

The number is right, and I know that. You know, he's a big proponent of mailing at like 8:30 AM and then 11:30. Am, you know, based on something Perry Belcher said and like nailing multiple times a day and to some extent it's it's in it's this interesting thing because to some extent I said to myself well, like let's just use this the the engagement buckets for a second and let's compare Kearns approach of let's say two times a day hypothetically to somebody that's mailing once a week. Okay, right just once a week to some extent you could say, right and Damian, I'd love to hear your Insight on this if you have any but to some extent I would say that the smarter move is Kern's move because current if he's mailing twice a day call. Let's say he's mailing twice a day every day.

Hypothetically for 30 days. He's got 60 swings at the back. He's got 60 opportunities to get somebody to click whereas if we're only mailing once a week. We only have four opportunities to get somebody to open and click and if we miss on those four opportunities, they into the second bucket And then once they move into the second bucket, then again are likelihood just radically goes down and so it almost makes sense to to mail more assuming that more frequent emails doesn't negatively impact, you know deliverability. That's where it's that plus and and minus right?

I'm not I don't care about people opting out, you know that you know that I'm I don't care about that as much as I care about the the deliverability and so any thoughts on that what she actually mentioned, you know, she mentioned a couple times about the the volume volume consistency, right? And you know, and so we're constantly yeah and we were male and hard because we're doing promo and we don't mail for a week like that's actually worse. Right? But you know, that's also a factor of like, you know, how much time are you getting to devote to mailing everyday, right? You know?

Yeah, that's a whole different story. But yeah, okay. Um, yeah, I don't think I don't think it's frequency. It's not frequency as much as it is consistency. I think it's I think we milk because like Rich Rich's list males three times, two three times a day.

Sometimes sometimes it's an affiliate offer. Sometimes. It's a essay anything, right? It doesn't they're buildability is fine. Okay, okay.

um And she didn't say anything about one other question. She didn't say anything about is my is my Long-held suspicion or belief that there is a difference between emails that get sent as an automated campaign versus a broadcast. There's no difference on the tech side of that meaning like there's no difference on the tech side of things in terms of deliverability SMTP, whatever whatever, you know, the server that it goes out from there's zero difference. So in other words infusion mail, no matter what and they're they're bucket of ips. So on the tech side of things to let's say right once that email goes out there is zero difference in the it from the tech side of things between an email that goes out as a campaign and an email that goes out as a broadcast unless infusion is using different servers for campaigns versus broadcast, but wouldn't she have found that?

Yeah, I mean the key thing is like look as long as infusionmail.com isn't on any Blacklist then run like but if infusion mail.com was on a blacklist that would impact both broadcasts and campaigns. So the legitimately there's no there's no validity to my belief that their that we have different, you know different deliverability on from campaigns to broadcast. Maybe we have maybe we've gotten different results from broadcast compared to that could be messaging but it has nothing to do with tech. As far as I know no, okay. Okay.

All right. So, um, okay so lot to think about there, you know on the marketing side certainly, you know from a broadcast perspective, you know segmenting based on problems and and that sort of stuff is a lot more work, right? There's a lot more work a lot more time which almost then lends itself to more. To more campaigns, you know automate automated campaigns, especially being that there's no validity to my belief that there's a difference in deliverability. And so if there's no difference in deliverability, then it almost makes that much more sense to be able to do things automated so that we're not having a right three or four different emails a day, you know for a different for a promotion, right?

And so yeah and look, you know, the reality is we have probably you know you by now you've written all the copy that you probably ever need to write. Yeah terms of emails, right? So yeah having somebody like Lizzy or whatever go through catalog and categorize that stuff by pain point. Then we can take you know, five Return of the best for each pain point and put them in a campaign. So I mean that's the world so essentially.

I wanted to hop in um before I make two points. I want to make was there any discussion around the not just the reputation of marketing funnel automation Comm as our sending sending your email, but also around the fact that I understand, you know, they see Todd's name in the email, but I look at where emails come from and it's not a website. They're familiar with it's not the website they opted in on that's not the website. That's from Top like it's It's like how do you look at where they come from until you've opened the email? Maybe I'll look where it comes from after opening the email and then I know better next time.

I don't know. It just seems like it just seems like it's not the best. No, no concerns or issues around that. I was until we fix this other stuff if we switch domains now, all we're doing is Shifting the problems to a new domain. Right?

And so the thing that I was the question though, so let me ask you this though really quick with Damien based on Damien's question. I guess just playing, you know devil's advocate for one second how and how do we know that the domain isn't a problem meaning that let's say people open the email. Let's go on Damien's, you know assumption. They they potentially marketing funnel automation. I don't know what that like.

I don't know what that is. And therefore they don't they don't click they they bounce I don't know how many people would judge an email that they open based on the the Todd at marketing funnel or support at marketing funnel automation. Um, but how do we know that that's not contributing to the problem? Well, it's not contributing to the deliverability or the inbox placement. It's gonna because because the scores for that domain is consistently High.

Yeah. Google's eyes, but what go ahead. No, but you know from a user Behavior standpoint. Yeah, if I open it and I see I mean like yeah, if the form name is Todd Brown and I open it and I see that the reply to support at marketing funnel automation Comm. Does that does that Jade me?

I mean, I don't know not to marketers. I don't think right like yeah, I mean I don't you know, my God tells me I don't think that it's an issue right because I you know, unless you click on the email address or look in the email address and some email providers. You're not even gonna see where but correct me if I'm wrong but isn't one of the the big things that the ESPYs don't like is just people that push so we'd offers all the time. Is that correct? Well, I mean, what would no what they don't like is spammy words in the email?

But what I'm getting at is since our sending URLs marketing funnel automation, but every single URL in the email does not match the sending URL. It just seems like that might be a technological issue or a flag. I mean that's an assumption that you're making right because I mean listen, I mean listen, hang on I would have to think I would I would I would have to think and correct me if I'm mistaken Teddy, but for everybody that nails from infusion soft unless they're email address is infusion is infusion soft. All of their links are not matching there because they're infusion soft links, right? All right, the final destinations match.

I don't know if that's if that's a factor at all. I have no idea if that's a factor. No, so what is a factor is stuff like a bitly link or stuff like that. We're right mask if you're trying to mask what that's because the bit that's because to the to the ESP is bitly as a flag URL. Yeah, exactly got it.

So as long as the URL that we're using in the links is not flag, then it's not an issue but bitly being flagged is which makes sense. So too. So before I make my two points, first of all, thought I appreciate you recognizing that like hey, if we do these segmentation the amount of emails or whatever like that's a that's a complexity and an additional amount of work that needs to be done. But I think that like in my opinion we have to use kind of like what we're discovering with also like what we know right like Like I get it like what we know it and the things I feel like we know that I've heard is number one. About consistently emailing the list right?

Because we are wildly inconsistent. There are no patterns to how we mail, correct and number two is making sure like, you said just a week ago Todd. It's like man, we've trained our list not to buy we're trained our list not to respond. Could we keep sending the same thing or offers at the same price point that they're not responsive to and and so like I just wonder before we get into this comp like whether we just fix the obvious and say hey, let's take three months and commit to always mailing at 10 AM Monday the Friday and you know and have some you know, I can do the obvious stuff and you know, make sure we have good compelling emails not random, you know problem and else coming from John or Sam or you know, if that would be better than trying to force ourselves to start playing the sport differently, which is gonna be very difficult. Well, so look I you know, I agree with that like, you know, I I I agree with that.

I know that that's not you know, that's one step in a in a mile that we need to we need to go. And so I just want to be clear about that. But I certainly like you know, I like let's can we can we see an improvement if we if we worked on the consistency and maybe the the volume I don't want to just go from you know, you know mailings sporadically to mailing twice a day every day, but my Well, what are your thoughts about that Teddy if we started it still goes back to still goes back to what are we nailing? Right because you know, we tried that with the with the markers memo right where consistently every Saturday there's a value-based email, right? Yeah wasn't driving to an offer that also look.

Yeah, let me jump in for one second and just give a little context of what Damian said now it could be right again, you know what, you know some of the things that I share with Damian or some of the things that Damian and I talk about are you know wild speculation and random ideas and thoughts right base most of our decisions on tedious, you know today right? It's the antithesis of metric driven. It's all just practice Yeah figure that's where wild assumptions and You know Damien and I Damien will throw out a lifetime value number. I'll throw out a lifetime value number and then we pick the one that we just like or just split split him just like yeah, let's average them together. Your sounds pretty good.

Mine. Sounds pretty good. Let's go somewhere in the middle. Um, but um, I said to Damien, you know that I wonder and I'd be curious to hear from you on this Teddy that you know, I said like look, you know If you're mailing, you know. And like look this I want to I want to make this clear right that there are things that I changed my mind on that when I think about it, you know, like I'll I see it differently the more I think about certain things and I said to Damian, you know while I get the idea of focusing on E5 and trying to drive E5, right?

The my belief is that in our Marketplace, um in our Marketplace it is rare. It's an anomaly when you see people focusing on one product or one thing right? Jeff Walker is really one of the only main main guys big players that continues to focus on the same thing. However, with that being said every time he does a product launch he is creating new assets. He's doing another live stream.

He's updating it. He's changing it. There's a you know, there's a different it's different and so, um, But in our Marketplace new is what people are attracted to they want to know they want the new thing. They want the next thing and if we continue to expose people to the same thing and that same thing is wildly out of their reach for the majority of people on our list if it was me, I would eventually tune out because even if this person right like is mailing me on a regular basis, I know that I already know what they're offering me and I already know that it is beyond my reach therefore. I'm not as excited because I know that they're not going to give me anything to buy and often times right?

Like there's not you know, they're not gonna give me an opportunity to buy something for 29 bucks and every now and then 197 or 390 said there there's no right like that's what keeps me interested and engaged when I know that I'm gonna have the opportunity to buy something because they're always mixing it up. There's new stuff there's different stuff and not everything is Out Of Reach, right? So to speak not everything is a 15,000. Program which I'm not interested in doing and so my you know, what I said to Damian was that um, I believe that potentially like you can only beat that drum so much before people begin to tune out, especially when same thing nothing new nothing different. And it is at a price point that is beyond their reach or what we're asking them to do.

They're uncomfortable with meaning schedule jump on a strategy session or something like that. And so I just said to Damien that that's certainly could play a role in in. in declining engagement with people and it can I know like even even seeing even seeing many of our previous buyers like Damien when I went and I have no idea why I have no idea the the reason behind this, but when I did that recent promotion for the critique calls Right. I think there were and we went back to EFA prior E5 buyers, right? I think there was something like I don't know the exact number 1600 something like that priority five buyers right that that something like that.

Um 1600. Well when I went to mail 600 of them were not malleable, right? That's crazy 600 people that's been two grand with us. And so right is that you know, you you know, is that because we didn't put enough offers out in front of them to keep them interested. Like there's you know, they're hey like I got what Todd has to offer the best of what he has to offer there for, you know, like look people in our market like to buy we've talked about this Damien how a lot of people they almost feel a sense of accomplishment when they do buy when they buy forget what they act on they feel this sense of right?

That's when they get that dopamine, you know rush and they right and and so, you know, I just said to Damien that you know, my belief is that If we started to mix it up, we need new stuff, like even Damien looking at the product Suite man, like there was stuff that I'm just like, you know, could we sell it? Could we sell it? Like could it is it viable? Could we sell it is not the right way to approach it. You know what?

I mean? Like I see things and I'm like, yeah, I could sell this but what I be jazzed about selling this like do I feel like it's in their best interest to buy it? I mean so, you know a couple so number one, you know, we definitely position E5 as a one size fits all solution to any problem that they could be having and yeah and while it does address all of those problems, like that's people want specific solutions to specific problems more. Yes kind of overarching thing, right and then the other thing which you know, I'm sure Damian probably mentioned, you know, the thread that we were having about the same thing but like like the fact that that other offer exists and is arguably being marked marketed. They are the promise of new customers every day is I arguably being marketed better than we're marketing.

It means the Market's caught up, you know, like you've always been planning your flagpole ahead of where the market is. Yeah. Our flagpole is now stuck. Yeah. We're the whole Market is caught up too.

Yeah. I'd like to say something else just I would agree with that Teddy. I agree with that. This is right. I agree with that.

What right Damian when I what Teddy said right is also where like look everything has a shelf life right in terms of is it unique? Is it different? Is it right like and when you see when you see the the successes whether it be the Agora copy School, whether it be, you know, selling the 30 units from a six minute video of the of the swipe file when things are different when things are fresh when things can only be found from us, right? That's where you see the results when it's more of the same like the majority of people the majority of people on our list dude. They don't look at Todd Brown as anything special Todd Brown is an is yet another marketer out there trying to sell me stuff.

That's the reality but no, but Todd is the guy you go to when you want to learn the messaging part, right and what he teaches is timeless and works and is proven, right so that part but but you know, if we start now talking about whatever, you know, AI tracking or something, right? Like that's not what people look to you for right? And it's gonna you know, would it be would it make a good friend and offer to bring a new people? Yeah, then if it's just gonna pivot to promote E5 or coaching Yeah, well, I that's what I said to go ahead Damien. I'm sorry.

so I want to just You know based on what you just said Todd that I agree with. Holy I just want to give a really clear metaphor to the way that I see the issue. Is that like, you know, and I remember from from early early Dr. Days Todd, we'd always talk about like, oh it's all about, you know building a herd and nurturing to her nurture the herd right and email is that relationship and if you were to look at the last two years of our relationship We're like some sort of mentally unstable Suitor like it's like it's like you have nothing less coming from would you expect nothing less coming on me it basically aligns with who I am imagine. Imagine.

Like I asked, you know, I'm trying to date you and I asked you on a date to the zoo 27 times in a row, then I didn't ask you out for a month. And then when I talk to you again I said, you know, we really should we should go to you know, the library together and you're like dude, who are you, you know, like it's just like you talk about like really I mean look at the last I get it. Yeah, I got it looks like without forget about like forget about like the the whole like I get it in an ideal world the whole segmentation based on needs and equipment that that how about just being a normal human being in a relationship and I think that would make a huge difference and that I like yeah, I was just gonna say dude. I don't know if I know how to do that. Oh and so but I I loud and clear.

I think that you're you know, you're right. I think that it, you know, I I think that you're right. I think there's a lot of things going on right now. Like I think you know, we we don't have that we don't, you know oftentimes I feel like you know, and this is not an excuse It's just painting a fuller a fuller picture right? I said Teddy I had a meeting with Amy and the other day and I prepared a full-blown slide deck and I showed Damian the volume of front end funnels that we have inside of clickfunnels.

And the volume of mid-tier compared to the volume of back end or high ticket. If you will hire ticket and we had three times the amount of front-end funnels that we do mid-tier, right? And so there you know, like I when I don't have something to ultimately lead people to I get it my point. What I was saying to Damian was that you know, what I said to Damien the other day is that is that you know, I I really just want to get back to the basics of just this business is a backend driven business, right? It's backend.

It's the back end is the business you need things to offer to offer buyers. And when when I look at the products we and I'm like, I'm not really jazzed about most of these things here nor do I feel comfortable like telling somebody to buy this? Um, then that's where that You know, that's where that I number one. I think that they're exposed to the same thing over and over they're exposed to something that is high price point and I think that we need some good stuff to help people solve real-world problems and out of out of variety of different price points. I know that this goes in the complete opposite direction of but I just really feel like that's you know, I would tune out that's why I would tune out if somebody was telling me the same thing over and over or pitching on this pitching me on the same thing whenever decided I don't want that or I don't need that right?

and so so is the solution to that? Different trainings on different topics or that's redoing the five and some like what what do you Envy in my mind? Right and I'm really just talking out loud. Like, you know, I do think that we have we have some you know, like we have some products that are still very valuable how we use them or how we offer them or the price points that we offer them that many of these things need to need to change but like aov not making enough, you know, you're not generating enough per sale. So that's not really a messaging thing.

It's not about generating the buyer. It's that the buyers aren't worth enough to you on day zero. That's like I think that the aov, you know Workshop. I don't think that it should be priced at 997 anymore. But the aov workshop for the people that want a little bit maybe more help in the unique mechanism.

Let's say they don't know how to stand out. They don't know how to get they don't know how to separate themselves from the pack, right? It's an attention thing. That's an engagement thing. There is the unique mechanism Workshop.

There is the sin offer the offer but those are all those are all still. Those are all still themed around the stuff. They've heard from us before. Yeah, right and that's you like obviously the advantage that that Rich has with the model he's doing is he's bringing any other experts right? And so it is fresh content it is what what people want.

The for us that's not that's not the right model. But you know, like does it make sense to? You know partner with a couple key people like like Fletcher on how to design and create course content, right or whoever right? Somebody on traffic somebody on content creation and go back to like, you know, still monetizing these leads but not having us to be the ones that have to create the trainings in the like we're not experts at potentially, right? Yeah potentially like and you know for you know, the traffic courses and stuff that we put out.

Yeah, we sold them but like are they as good as mollies or key? Right, right. right, potentially Maybe You know, maybe I think right like at the end of the day, you know, like I said the Damian at the end of the day this business, you know businesses in that isn't that complex? You got to get customers and you got to sell them more more things more often period like whether it's your own whether it's partnering whether it's a license whether it's right like you got it you got to acquire buyers and you got to sell them more things and the more things that you sell them the more those buyers become worth and then therefore the easier it is to acquire buyers like at the end of the day, right? Like it's always, you know, we focus so much on new new next next next meaning new buyer.

Next lead next buyer, you know, and the reality is is that is that it this is it this business is a back. It's the back end is the business, right? The front end is just about acquisition. And so the reality is sell them more make I said that Damian like the one number that and we've talked about this like the one number that we should be looking at right is really is lifetime value. And is that thing growing and how We gonna make it grow.

We make it grow by sending them more offers period like now whether there are own other people a combination of the two, it really doesn't matter but at the end of the day, right like if there is never, you know, the the an acquisition problems are always because the business isn't making enough money from the asset that we're paying for. Right, that's it. We're just I said to Damian this when you're like you're an investor you acquire an asset that asset has a value today that asset has a cost today to acquire it and right if you can make that asset worth 10x what it is that it's worth the day that you acquire it. It becomes very easy to acquire assets because you can pay a lot more than everybody else because you have the ability to make it 10x and an hour type of business where our universe isn't made up from volume. In other words.

It's not like we're not talking about health Wellness Finance. We're not talking about these monster markets. The higher hour lifetime value is the easier the front end game becomes the reason why more often than not we struggle on the front end is because the assets that are acquiring right aren't worth that much to us. And so right like you had said this a while ago Teddy when you had said like if we're using 90% of the back end to subsidize the acquisition and you know, like if we're using 90% of the back end value to subsidize the acquisition of These assets then what are we doing? Right and so the problem is that right?

Well, if those assets were worth three times what it is that they've been worth that 90% now goes down to 30 percent. We could still pay that we could still we could pay even more but now our margin on those is is exponential. That's the business the business is this is not we're not in the business of acquisition. We're in the business of monetization, right Netflix doesn't make money when somebody becomes a Netflix subscriber they make money when people stay for 13 months 18 months 25 months, that's where they make their money and that's why they can afford to pay that as much as they do to acquire the buyer same thing with the Agora right? The reason why they're able to pay a hundred eighty dollars to acquire a buyer worth 90 or what not is because of the back end.

And so this I said to Damian we have to you have to be able to Market and you have to be able to monetize these people whether it's your own product whether it's through Affiliates whether it is license, whether it's created whether it's partner, it doesn't Matter, you have to sell them more and more things. Right? And you know, I said to Damian like is it easier to generate? You know, like is it easier to generate, you know, a thousand a thousand transactions from a thousand new people or is it easier to generate a thousand transactions from 200 existing customers? right right like You know what?

I mean? And so all of this is part of this conversation because it really is about right mailing more but having having things to to mail for Right, we could still use education-based content to deliver value but having more things for them to buy rather than right rather than just, you know, like they buy once and they're out or they buy twice and they're out. Oh, yeah, so but still keeping the buy keeping it as simple as possible for us, right? So that's that's you know, I've always had hammered continuity obviously for that reason because it's not it's not about them buying more stuff right about them buying more times. Really, right it's about them participating in more transaction anymore.

Yeah, and so we can add to lifetime value without adding additional work for us without you having to create a new training you having to create a new campaign a new funnel, right and frankly. It's it's a flywheel effect too. Right? You know, we go back to promoting other people's stuff then they promote us that builds our list of Yeah, and I get it and I you know certainly wouldn't Advocate to you know, we're not gonna go to promote jvzoo offers or any of that kind of stuff and I know it's a whole different animal dealing with Affiliates and all I get it. I'm just looking at like what is the simplest way?

for us to increase lifetime value without losing Our identity and our positioning in the marketplace of trying to be everything everybody. Yeah, and I I I'm in full agreement with what you with what you said, right? I think that we would certainly you know, we would start with um, you know, and this has been on my on my list whether it's done with a separate email list or now or just main email list, whatever whatever it is, but exposing people to other offers that are congruent with what we stand for. Right? So like let's say Caleb o'dowds, you know use a mini group to do your promotion, right?

That's much more about location and the delivery vehicle the message. That's I would tell anybody. Yeah go that's probably a cool option to to explore. Um, And so yeah, I I get it and I'm with you the key is right. We got a got to have more things to monetize people and we got to feel good about the things that we're we're putting out in front of them and Damian this goes back to you know, you heard Teddy say something that right.

I also said to you in slack that I want us to get a lot better at myself included and that is when thinking of products offers starting with the problem and not starting with what would be a cool idea to sell but starting with the problem. What are people struggling with what are people looking to learn how to do do better do more of like on that side starting with the problems that they have? and so remember Teddy if you remember, um Probably you might not remember this but a couple months ago. We had a call. I believe a marketing training call and I said in Damien, this is important.

This is valuable worth pondering. I've said, you know, it's funny because when I look back over the early marketing that I did right like years ago even prior to MFA when I was even when I was doing marketing for Rich and prior to that the overwhelming majority of my campaigns were problem agitate solve. Problem agitate solve we're focused on a problem right agitating the problem solving the problem the bulk of my stuff was always problem. You're not getting enough referrals, you know as a doctor, you're not getting enough prefer, right or right your staff is out of control. It's costing you money.

It's right. Everything was problem agitate solve and we've really moved very much away from that to what would be cool Apprentice. Right? Like, you know, these these different offers that are you know that are and it could be that some of these things it could be. It could be just a change in the campaign the type of campaign but it really begins with how we think about products and offers right like and how do we help people?

What is the problem that they have? What's the number one problem? What's the big problem right now and then can we develop a unique solution or unique perspective on a solution? To help them with that. Yeah, well and any other the other thing I would say too is is just you know, the the problem that we keep attacking which is a lack of new customers is is too generic.

Just yeah, you're absolutely right. That's right. Like what is causing the lack of new customers very specifically and for the different segments of the market for agency owners for coaches for info Publishers for Affiliates for certainly could you know, you know, even before even segmenting to that level you're you're absolutely right. It's now that whole idea of not get you know, it's it's funny because right sometimes it's what do they say the cobbler's shoes kind of thing, you know, right Market sophistication, right? There was a time when right like this idea right like customer you getting customers very similar to when there was a time of get more traffic.

Well today, it's not about get more traffic. It's get more Facebook. It's get more right? It's retargeting. It's now it's now really sliced sliced down and I Leave that we need to do the same thing with write this idea of not getting a new not getting enough new customers really for the majority of people triggers the heard that everybody and their brothers.

I think like hypothetically doesn't apply to everybody but if we had an offer around like how to sell more tickets to your virtual Summit to me that would be a lot more compelling and different than just how to get to customers or clients. Maybe sure I mean that's certainly better, you know while that may be done already. But yeah, I mean it right like yeah absolutely things like specific problems that people are having that like Teddy said that ultimately contribute to a lack of buyers whether it be I can't get clicks on my ads that list Amy that I have in notion. I can't get clicks on my on my ads. I can't get my emails opened or I get my emails open.

Then I'm not getting clicks, right like, um, those things right because that is Really ultimately where now and this is a great. This is a great point that you really kind of kicked off, Teddy. Ultimately now right what people are in Googling like the the people that are in our audience, they're not Googling. How do I get more customers? Right, they're not Googling that they're Googling.

How do I improve, you know, click through rates on on emails. How do I write how do I improve click through rates on on ads? That's what they're type. They're typing in that sliced version of the of the problem and so right like that's where we need to we need to continue to look at that that list like in notion Teddy. I have this list that I started of all these different problems that people on that people have and what we want to do is this is why we got to keep our finger on the pulse of the market and understand what what are people commenting what are people what what questions are people cons like that.

We're seeing come up over and over again asking in Facebook groups in you know, in in these on these pages and really pay attention to it and then see if we can come up with our solution to those things within our wheelhouse, right? Right. So people are like, how do I get more commissions from affiliate? You know marketing. Well, we're not gonna do that because I right that's not what we do.

But there are a lot of other things that like right that we we can address and so all this is just to say like we've got to approach product creation offer creation for the back end differently and I think that it becomes a lot easier to mail more often when we have more things to expose people to now Damian we could certainly start with like as a as a one step in the mild Journey we could certainly start with segmenting between buyers and non buyers. And just start like and mailing them consistently each or we don't segment between buyers and and non buyers. The reality is I said to Damian before I said really what constitutes you know, because Damian and I Damien is always had this question of well, what is considered a back end and what is considered a front end, right like and I think the the reality is is that the right way to to really think about it is that a front end is a campaign that we're sending cold traffic to and so it's got to be engineered right to to acquire a buyer and to offset acquisition costs. But so once they're on our house file, we've paid for them to be on our house file whether it's a lead whether it's a step one then and they didn't check out whether it's a buyer we paid for them already. And so now people on our house file can be exposed to every offer that we like any offer that we put out now eventually right the messaging might need to the messaging should have eventually change based on their pain.

Point that sort of thing, but I don't know maybe Damien is that or Teddy any thoughts on that if we just started with, you know buyers non buyers, or maybe maybe it's not maybe we just send one email. I know that it goes, you know starting with I guess the question really is where we're trying to move into what well, I guess that you use that Golf Course analogy right with all the balls some traps. I'm on the greens and whatever we're all trying to push him to the hole. The question is which hole is it? Yeah.

I I guess well the question really is right. And so you're talking about a segmentation thing. Like what's their problem? What's their need? What's there I'm talking about like what's which you know what?

For where we're at and what we're trying to do both Revenue wise Simplicity wise like all that kind of stuff. Like what hole do we do we want to drive in do we want to focus on top one? The top one hold and want to focus on the coaching hall or do we want to focus on the Campbell? I think that I would answer that question a little bit differently that right. I don't want to start with I think starting with the product.

Like is the is the mistake right? Because I think that what we should be thinking about are what are the like as it relates to our product suite and the offers that we're gonna continue to use the ones that we're gonna just totally scrap and not even not focus on at all is um is what are the current problems in the market? Right? And what Solutions do we have for those problems if hypothetically the answer is we write the you know, we only have like one right now. If you have a problem constructing your first marketing message to acquire customers.

Well, that's E5 maybe we look at our products. We say all the other problems that the marketplace now has now realize Now searches for we don't have any other solutions for well, then we have a decision to make about how how are we gonna go about one at a time addressing those providing a solution for that? Is it through product creation? Is it through partnering? Is it through licensing?

What is it? So I think that the smarter thing is to really look it. Well, what what's what are Reasons why people aren't are struggling. Now. Where are the where are the the obstacles that they're facing?

What are the problems that they are searching for an answer to like what are the issues that people are dealing with right. Now that is stopping them from getting the you know, experiencing the success and then like figure out can we fulfill on that in a way that we would be proud and a way that would truly help people or no? And if the answer is no then we have to figure out well, how are we going to right? Maybe it's it's almost like the golf metaphor itself is a is is problematic. It's more like the metaphors more like there are soldiers on a field and some of them are stuck in a bunker getting shot at some of them have malaria.

Some of them don't have food. Like what are the problems that we have? And how can we serve most consistently the biggest mass of people who are out in the field. They need help not necessarily like we're trying to push them to our agenda, you know. And I think that that you know, and you know, I think all the in the the metaphors are a little wonky and have some gaps in them.

But I get both what you're both saying there are so soldiers out on a golf course and some are stuck in a sand trap and no but I I think that you know, I think that it is, you know, it's wildly different than you know, look man. We've always said we're in the business of helping people solve problems. That's all offers are about solving a problem and showing that you've got the better solution. And so and yet right what we what I've done what I've been guilty of is think of this think about this thing, that would be cool to have Right like cool to have and then sell them on why it'd be cool to have that rather than what are the problems that they have man and and can we put together a solution to help them with that? If we care about these people then let's deal with the problems that it is that they they have right like, you know, it's it's you know, it's it's kind of like, you know before that I would use the metaphor that I would use is right people are living in South Florida.

They don't have hurricane shutters. They're afraid that a storm is coming because they're afraid that their house is gonna get wiped out and we're trying to sell them on how cool it would be to have a pool in your backyard. It right like that's really what we're doing and they're like, yeah that the pool would be cool. But man, I'm terrified that this hurricane is gonna come in and right and that's the that's the reality instead of right and we might be jazzed about selling pools and helping people enjoy pools and know that like man, why don't they love this idea of pools and why aren't they rolling with it? But the right thing to do is to okay, they have this problem.

Let's help them with that. Let's solve that for them. And for some they're going to be non-marketing problems, right like perfectionism, right? That could be like they may know what to do and they've been like like Annette Annette Pang, who was it? Right?

Like she still hasn't lost her via so I'm almost 100% sure. She still probably hasn't recorded the audio for because she's done it 12 times and it's not perfect or right or whatever right like but I mean the so there's stuff like that where you know, yeah, but that's not our wheelhouse either right? No, but you know what, but the reality is is that right? Like look like what I see with something like that right is Is like we could go out I used to do this, you know, I used to do this. Like one of the best things to do is to look for new books that are published that are released on Amazon and then immediately reach out to those authors about interviewing them because they're in interview mode.

They love the exposure right could find an author who published a book on you know, overcoming perfectionism that sort of thing do a length the interview with them and then offer it free when they subscribe to copy calls and have a promotion that is a little promotion that is right like, you know struggling with, you know, like here ideas. You don't Implement right you struggle with it. It causes you anxiety at night. You're losing sleep. Here's the answer to it.

I want to send it to you free. When you take a subscription to our weekly marketing call this way all the cool ideas and techniques that you're gonna hear you can Implement and Implement like a pro. I don't know. I mean honestly like, you know, that's an interesting idea and interesting spin on on the Steeler Winter's thing and especially if you're bringing in authors that most of our Market hasn't heard of yet. Yeah, you know that have valuable information and you'd be jazzed about interviewing them, which I know you would be like that's part of it too.

You know, it's obviously one of the things I'm recognize with Rich. It's like if Rich isn't excited. It ain't gonna work. Yeah, and that's the thing right on my end. Like I'm like man I look at that.

I'm like, yeah great today. I'm gonna I'm supposed to promote campaign cash pops. I'm like You know like I it's almost to some extent I'm like, you know, I can't do it. You know, I can't it's hard for me to to today. It's hard for me to you know, like, you know, I don't you know, yeah it's and so I get it.

I I totally I totally get it. I think the you know, the the point is right like again, I just want to go back to the basics. We need to be able to sell people more thing. We need to be able to better monetize our list and I believe the right way to do it with whatever offers we need is to start with their problem and figure out how are we going to solve their problems period I do really like what you know, I will say this one other. Hang on Damien one one thought I just want to hold this because I don't want to I think Damien you should be proud of this because what I don't want to do is I want to be careful that I don't make the same mistake that I need with top one and that mistake was allowing Damian to host now.

I'm just kidding that mistake was for the longest time. I didn't I didn't have a mastermind and I said right I said to Rich one day, um and Rich and I exchanged some text yesterday. I guess he did some exciting thing on he interviewed somebody about YouTube or something like that. All I know is he misses you like like dearly misses you let the in all I don't want to get into that. Yeah, so but just reiterates to me every time it's easy pasta doing man like you guys are better friends, and I don't know if you know he had sent me one of his last text were and I bit my tongue and I didn't I didn't bring the text up to him yesterday when he texted me, but I don't know if one of the last text that he sent me was in a drunken stupor because he's got many of those stories.

I don't know if he's drinking any I don't know if he's you know, he's probably doesn't have any alcohol anymore knowing him. He's probably in disgusting sick shape, but I was like, oh You know, he sent me an email that was like oh, you know was a little little rough to me. And so I was tempted to very tempted to bring up the email. Excuse me the text message. Anyway, what rich said to me.

When was I said with with top one with I said, I don't want to start a mastermind because there are so many masterminds out there, right? There's a ton of masterminds out there and rich said, but there's not a mastermind with you. And so right he said it's not you know, there's not a mastermind with you. And so it doesn't always like buyers, you know, like even if like if I saw let's say from a marketer that I respect hypothetically Rich if there was a you know, if from rich rich came out with a program on boosting aov I probably buy it. Because I'm interested in hearing his perspective.

Right right Lake. And so that doesn't only that doesn't mean that it's got to be completely untapped. Nobody is done it right like, you know, it's just like to on the back end right on the front end. It's different on the back end when you're talking buyers When Buyers enjoy you it doesn't have to be it's I want to hear what Todd has to say on this topic and so But go ahead Damien that I cut you off. You probably totally forgot what you're gonna say.

I did I did forget. Oh what I was gonna say was that I also Azure thinking about the future of the solutions. I really like, you know that whole idea of like, oh, maybe we use a book and a you know book is a way to get people into marketing calls is it would be amazing if we can since I was the one who really pushed towards Simplicity if we can at least figure out how we can create some processes that may creating more offers just more manageable, you know what I'm saying? Like to me before we try to create a process. Let's just figure out you know, there are some things some foundational things that we need to to figure out first, but I get I totally get what you're saying so that we're not, you know Reinventing the wheel but so how does what does all this mean for the here and now so we know number one.

We're there's no no need to change over the domain name right now until we solve some of the The the messaging things we said that kind of the first messaging thing that we would like to fix is consistency of emails, but I think that we that still doesn't answer the question of so do we continue for the you know for the immediate future using the engagement buckets or do we dump the engagement buckets and just roll, um, assuming that let's say for for right now we were sending out you know, and we need to figure out right and like we need to figure out offers but assuming that like, what's the what's the best course Teddy? So I would I would say definitely don't let the engagement buckets like like handcuff you right like if there's something that you feel as valuable to male to the entire list or whatever like and again all all we're doing with those and buckets really is just staggering the sand which is right hitting everybody even if there's people outside of those buckets that we haven't mailed in a while and feel like trying to hit the whole list like it's not gonna blow anything up. I don't feel like right. Yeah. I'm just I'm concerned of nailing let's say the 365 plus right people right from our infusion soft account because I'm afraid that it'll trigger spam.

You know, like I saw on one of her grass there was a there was a spike like one period of time one that was there was you know something that could have been when I mailed, you know when I did mail like the three, but I think it's worse to just not ever mail that okay, right so or we dump them the fluent and we know them for there, but that's Or one, you know, so that's the other thing like if we're gonna keep using that then there's some domain work. I gotta do there but you know that that is going out through Todd ground at me. And so we I don't we got to think through that as well because I don't want to affect the reputation of that domain if that's what we're eventually going to move to. Yeah, right and the thing that we all I I already see this not necessarily getting solved today because I don't want to just go. Yeah, let's do this.

But the other thing we need to do is it's to me it's not about buyers and non buyers, right? Because again, we do this thing, right? We have a hard time being consistent with one less then we're like, well, we'll be really consistent. We have five right? So it it's more like okay if we know for example this week, you're promoting The Apprentice then there's basically people who have what the apprentices people who have not and then we have to figure out well the people who have not bought the Apprentice we can't let there frequency drop the zero for five days.

And so even if we promote nothing, but you just send them five emails giving them all the reasons why you want to thank them for buying The Apprentice over the last two years like we have to figure out how do we stay in communication? What's the easiest? Just not not easy. I know you can't stand the word easy. But what is the most consistent path we can commit to?

You know, well, yeah, so so Teddy I want to move the conversation and then I don't want to I don't want to keep you guys I want to respect your time and so 10 more minutes tops. So, you know, I'm curious you're gonna see. Going all the way back now to something that we we talked about and we talked about before and I think you probably recommended it Teddy at some point. We take your we always what we do is we just act on your advice from like two years ago. So it's like a rolling two years, right eventually advice that you gave us two months ago and 2024 will implement it.

Um, so we're gonna start charging for strategy sessions. We're gonna So I'm curious of what you think of of this idea. And I'm curious of Imagine The cycler but broken out and what I mean by that is let's say we've got you know, we've got um, you know, we've got six different offers six different, you know, like just imagine that we've got six different offers. Um, and so we've got six different click and conversion sequences inside of infusion soft. Let's say all and gaming I want you to pay attention to this because this is how I envisioned really the kind of the the back end if you will but so six different offers, um, six different sequences inside of Infusionsoft each sequence for each offer has a click sequence and a conversion sequence.

They're all set up with deadlines, right? And so they're all set up with deadlines like full-blown full campaigns. And what we did was let's say You know once a week we triggered the the the sequence like for right now, we triggered the sequence. I know that this is kind of similar to the way that Chris Cole did it where he like dumped people into a sequence and then let it roll. But my thought with that Damian was that um was that it would allow us number one to build one at a time.

Right to build one at a time. And so right like I've told you before one campaign bring it to completion, right and then we start then we go on to the next one. It also would allow us very easily to change the order at any point in time because it's not one long cycler sequence. And so if we were like man, we need to like let's do a higher ticket offer this week or whatnot instead of the lower ticket offer that we were going to do then we just trigger that sequence right and it really takes all of 10 seconds 20 seconds whatever it is to trigger that sequence to to go and so that's ultimately right ultimately like my thinking was was that um then The only broadcast emails that we would ultimately do once we get to this point where we have these sequences in place, then the only broadcast emails that we would do are to the people that we exclude from the promotion that week. So if this week we're going to trigger The Click sequence for The Apprentice offer, then the oh and then everybody else but prior buyers of apprentice get put in that sequence that runs on its own and then the only people that we broadcast that week are Apprentice buyers previous Apprentice buyers.

Does that make sense like is that? Yeah, I mean what? What I was thinking. So two things so number one in terms of like let's say we're gonna promote Apprentice right and what Damian said about still having something to send to the people that already bought Apprentice like the reality is it could potentially be a very similar sequence that you're sending. to the non-buyers just getting in the go back through Apprentice could be I mean, I'm not I'm not you know, I'm totally I'm could be and that's not a bad idea almost reselling them on going through the product that they it's been years since you bought this here's where like, you know, if you haven't gone through a while, but right so that could be one thing but in terms of the cycler, I would think So remember it's not really a cycler.

It's just individual campaigns that each have their own click and conversion sequence. So product a click conversion sequence plus the the buyer sequence, you know, let's say right next product click conversion sequence. And so that they're not necessarily attached this way. It would it would require initially manually triggering each one, but at least right it allows us to learn which ones are doing. Well, they're not attached to each other they could run for one week total like um, you know, I don't know I like the idea will God no.

No, you got it allows us to potentially also split test which is interesting. Yeah, you know and my thought with that is like ultimately I said to um, you know, I said to uh to Damian like look obviously in an Ideal World and I've resisted this because of my I guess misplaced belief in the automation stuff you Automation deliverability and infusion soft, but an Ideal World eventually, right? It would be great to know that we've got a six-month back in sequence in place. where like right like You know, they would say is it the they should be so I think the only thing to be careful of is that we don't make the same mistake of of an old school cycler that just Cycles through the products that we have. It would be better to have pain points specific Cycles.

Well, I I think also that's really why also Teddy right the beauty of building building them out one one at a time, right and having right is that potentially you could say that this week right? We're gonna trigger this for the people with pain point a and we're gonna trigger this for the people with pain point B. You know what? I mean? So like rather than this one long cycler, which becomes difficult to move stuff around like it becomes just you know, like change this sequence move it over here, right like just creating them, you know creating them separately one at a time.

So Damian if we decided right that hypothetically we decided that you know, what, Uh, I want to we want to we want to put out the we want to help people just for right now. We want to help people with the unique mechanism and we're gonna change the offer around we're gonna make it 197 for The Unique mechanism Workshop everything that you need to know to stand out blah blah all that. Well, then what we would do is right, I would I would change the the vsl. There's a vsl on there that mentions the price. Um, and then what we would do is we would build out the click and conversion sequence.

And then there it is. Now it lives on its own right and then we can trigger that bad. Boy any time we want we start with that. It's no more complicated than one at a time. So we're not building out a cycler.

We're building that yeah, it's almost like it's almost like, you know, we're we're building out shotgun shells and just once a week we decide what shall we're putting in the god. I got it. Yeah, you know with you know, the especially when you got soldiers on a golf course in a house without hurricane windows. Yeah fire away. I mean, you know, I'll just you know from two years ago at least two years ago.

Yeah 2019 was the last edit on this but like, you know, here's here's a model for that right each pain point and then a series of off so you could see his cycler that leads them from free to for each potential painful. Well, yeah, so I just want to I'm gonna take a screenshot. I'll send you I'll send you a link to it. Okay, um, you know, like here let me and and I promise you guys that I would get you out of here, but I want to show you this was the Just one second. This is tables.

So this is what I was really um talking about Teddy inside of notion like and I just started to you know, to make this list of you know, they don't know what's traffic sources to use. They don't know best way to set up Facebook ads don't know, you know create good ads that, you know best way to present their upsells. They don't know how to name their unique back in them. They don't know what their aov or CPA are. They don't know the guarantee that they should use like just listing out as many different problems that they have.

This could be right they um, they're uncomfortable presenting a webinar or they don't know how to get people to show up to the webinar like every problem that that people are are having now deciding between should I have a podcast should I have this and really just thinking about which one of these reach which putting them in order of priority and value like which one are the most urgent which one are those bleeding neck problems, which one are just would be nice to fix which one are people actively searching for and then which ones solve so Todd thinking about something that and this might be me misapplying something that you teach but I feel like If we were to really like Niche solve problems right where like what we always talk, right if you're solving something that nobody else offers a solution to right. So for example, we have a training uh on a module on how to construct how to pick and choose the right guarantee for your offer. Right? Yeah. Nobody has a product on that specifically on that thing.

Yeah, you think those are the kinds of things that we could sell? I via email. Just like hey, I did a training module on this a lot of people don't know the answer that these five questions in this module. I'll teach you all 37 bucks. Boom get instant M.

You know, cuz I think that so look, I think number one. I don't think that you know, like look obviously, you know You know no matter how great I think my emails are right if the data is the data is the data. And so the last thing that I want to do is write is now try to sell direct from email. The other thing is I think that you know, look, I think that a lot of these things on here, you know are lower ticket, you know, front end kind of offers right like how you know how to choose the you know how to craft the perfect guarantee that you know, that could double your sales conversions. That's a short form sales letter right similar to like what we did for the email, you know training that that I did.

Um, right that's $39 video, you know, $49, you know, that that sort of that sort of thing. I think that like, you know, I think to some extent and I'm just again I'm thinking out loud because I haven't even gotten this far but You know, I think that then when we find when we have these like look. not every offer can be a 297 or 397 offer right but I will say this that we can figure out ways of of of offering a higher level version of solving the problem. Right, like implementation. I'm gonna show you how to do it, you know kind of thing.

Um, and so, you know, I think that some of these some of the problems are not going to end up being a you know, there's no there's no higher ticket. No 197 297. That was another thing that I said, um Teddy to um to Damian that we only have one product in the 197 to 597 range. And that was the John Ford's promo the leads training. Other than that, I do not believe that we have a 297 or 397, um offer out there and so right that's it's ironic.

I said to Damien that I've seen a bunch of offers from currently. They're all right around the 297 to 397 price point and current refers to them as low ticket. One why not? Why not? Why not take like a smorgasbord of everything that we just said, right?

So so like what if you just went out to the market with like look here's all the list of problems that that I've identified that you guys are having. Every week I'm gonna attack one of them. It's you know, 300 bucks for three months Series. So it's like another version of a copy calls, right? It's a live call with you.

You're attacking one of those calls getting paid to create the product. We then have then each. I I like the way that you yeah, I like the way that you're thinking but I think that isn't that like I've got one problem you're gonna cover 18 and the other 17 are no interest to me. I don't know maybe I mean I like there's plenty on that. But you know, if they if they can find four or five to justify the price and and again it goes back to the other thing.

We're saying it's like look they just want to hear your perspective on it. So even if they don't have that problem, it'd be interesting here your perspective on guarantees or you're perspective on you know, right and that's where and you could you know, and when at the topic that you're not the expert in you bring in somebody yeah with you right so it's just mixed but I think you know, I think ultimately what I think that's why you I think you live and not and and flow is always best. And yeah, I think that that's interesting. I like the way that you're you're you know, you're thinking one other thing and then let's jump let's end this and kind of give everybody the opportunity to kind of absorb it and and digest is um, you know is you know, the the more congruent that upsells and the back end can be Uh, the better the better campaigns will perform right? In other words, we have this tendency of this is the front end offer what you know, like what do we have that we can offer as the upsell and then ultimately no matter what they just bought we're offering them E5, but if there was right if we thought out if we thought through from the back end all the way to the front end.

you know, like, you know, I you know if there was a Whatever how to how to get testimony else, right and there's a then there was an implementation thing for 297 and comes with software and then there was a, you know a one day half day thing where you're gonna walk away with five testimonials or something like see the and forget that idea but you get the point of the congruence throughout rather than how to get testimonials by five. alright Right. Yeah, and that's that's where I was going in that spreadsheet. That's that's what I was trying to flush out initially. It was like, you know, yeah, what are those ascending offers but still relevant and to that problem that they're having until till they raise their hands say I don't have this problem anymore.

Like I've alright I've done all the Big Ideas stuff. You know, I bought I got to swipe file. I read the book. I've been through the boot camp, you know. Yeah, whatever like I'm did John Ford Leeds now I need Help with the funnel or yeah, I think that the the only thing and the only thing is just that it's not always linear.

Right, like, you know, it's not always that that linear and so, you know, there's there's often, you know, I set up my webinar and right I set up my webinar. I published it, but I'm not ready for scaling my traffic because I still can't get enough people to show up. Or you know, or I'm getting people to buy but my aov it's not enough. I'm paying $100 to get a buyer and the buyer's worth $90 to me. And so how do I how do I take care of that?

And so sometimes there are these micro issues that have to be addressed but I think that this was, you know gave me a lot to to think about I'm still I got to absorb it digest it marinate on it because I'm still you know, I get the, you know, we need to mail more consistently we need to obviously have things to mail for so that we can mail consistently but regardless of whether we do or we don't we need the male consistently. And it's just a matter of I guess for the time being used the engagement segments. But if the urge comes upon me male outside of the SEC. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, you know, I would think about you know, you know, if we want to engage her in any way shape or form, you know, I got a nail her down on a price and I know she wanted to kind of come in and kind of do let's let's rip your business apart, which is exactly what I would do is my guess is it's fine five or ten Grand at least but you know, like the three of us are so damn close to this thing at this point. Yeah somebody with an outside perspective. Yeah, because I'd be curious to know, you know, I'd be curious to know what she what the offer is to to potentially engage with her be curious to know what the what the result is that she would produce like, what is she ultimately fixing addressing doing and I based on that. I'd love to know the the price. I think I think the first step is certainly around the messaging strategy part, but Yeah, and that's why I you know, when we talked about it briefly because she wants to do it in person.

I was like, you know, well, maybe we take it on maybe the top one. Maybe you could present the top one but more importantly maybe she might be a candidate for top one because I think she's doing decent money and she seems to go to masterminds and speak at events. So well, we're certainly not going to convince her to go into top one through email. It alright. So see if you get that, you know get that info get that from her and let me know and think about like the the two of you guys think about what it is that we talked about.

All right stuff. It's a good conversation. Yeah, that was appreciate you guys. Thank you.
