---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-25 17:02:19"
date: 2022-11-25
duration: 1h 4m
duration_seconds: 3846
vimeo_id: 775136014
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-25 17:02:19

**Date:** 2022-11-25 | **Duration:** 1h 4m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

topic Harley Todd hey, buddy, how are you? How's it going? I'm doing great how much so I'm doing awesome, man. So good to see you as always smiling all that stuff and so man, uh, you know pump to be with you. Yeah, like why brother give me I give me a an update and then let me know what questions you have.

But give me a state of the union kind of bring me up to speed. Yeah. Oh, yeah as as usual, by the way, we just had this this quick roller coaster ride that that I had with Teddy because a quick phone just went down and Black Friday out of all day. He said I know it's still it's still down. It's still down just came back up for me.

So yeah still down for um, I think it's still down for us. Let me let me see. And actually it just came back as well for us. And so but it was down for call it, you know, 15 minutes or something like that. Of course on Black Friday of all days and so right.

Hey joys of being entrepreneur I'm saying I'm gonna use it right now. We're but all right. That's right. Yeah. It's it's great seeing you again.

And I guess I guess as you know, right now we really didn't tightening up our operations or focusing a lot more on the bottom line and top line began. We're using campaigns and seeing them recklessly working as you know, and we are I guess more of a Focus right now is on the retention of talent. I know you know what you said earlier on still stuck with me. I'm not really focusing on. Finding those Superstars, but but more it's more building the system creating Superstar right now.

It's and now I'm focusing on how I can protect them and not, you know, make customer stars and have them. do their own thing and so that's kind of where I am and more specifically really on the media buying site because it's such an in-demand role from Where we are and you know, everybody is just it's becoming such a high in demand thing even if you know. Business owners don't really they can't really tell between what's a good and bad digital marketer or like a me a buyer. But anyway, that's that's kind of where I focuses is is on and so we're let me jump in for one second before you know, and just address just a couple things that you you share for what it's worth just to share my perspective. So um in no particular order so, you know, I think you know this idea of how do you how do you tell what's a good digital marketer or or not?

I think that right the reality. Um, man is that even the idea of a good digital marketer or a good media buyer is subjective. And anytime you try to use a subjective measurement to determine quality you right you the whole thing falls apart because it's completely based on one person's opinion. And so I'll move the belief and and approach that I don't like to use criteria for determining the effectiveness or impact or value of a role, you know, subjectively and so I'm a fan of just being objective. I mean by that is to me it's you know, I think that sometimes man people.

They overcomplicate these things. I view every higher that we bring a board every team member as they're being brought a board to produce an outcome. They're not being brought a board due to use systems to use, you know, Sops, all of those things are a means to produce the outcome that they're being brought a board. So before we ever hire anybody, I always know the exact objective outcome that I want produced that this person is being brought a board to produce in the media buying role the the obviously the same thing applies and at the end of the day, this is why I always say to folks to her to top one folks even to our internal team That you know, when a campaign Falls in its kpi, whatever that means and right what falling within a kpi means to different businesses is different some have to generate a profit on the front some are willing to break even some are willing to go negative some are willing to go negative by x amount. Well, all I care about is we we determine what the kpi is and then I judge the effectiveness the value whether somebody's a good digital marketer or media buyer based on are they hitting the kpi if they're hitting the kpi awesome cool to me.

They are good because good is not subjective in our world. It's objective and based on the kpi. And so that's the first thing the second thing man is, I think you know, like look dude, I think as it relates to you know, how do you keep how do you keep good people and what you know, how do you prevent good people that you've developed and poured into from you know, from leaving to either explore another opportunity or to to try to go out on their own on their own. Um, and you know, the the what I believe is a couple things number one, of course, let's start with the obvious and that is you know, money the financial reward. I think that the best the best people want to be able to control their earning meaning they want to have really infinite upside earning potential and so it's important that you set them off to be able to earn As much as they as much as they can possibly produce right based on their ability to perform is going to determine their ability to produce.

So in other words, I'm trying to set it up their compensation in a way where it is very similar to what they would experience as an entrepreneur if they went out on their own, whereas an entrepreneur they have infinite upside potential if they if they perform I want to try to duplicate that as best as I can um in in our in our world. The other thing is I also believe in I got to give credit where credit is due. This was really instilled in Me by Mark Ford. And that is you know, I do really believe in the idea of intrapreneurship intra preneurship. And so just like I always tell my team and have told them from day one.

Like if you have an idea and a passion for for something that adds not just value to the business but value in the terms of financial right Revenue generation then and you're willing to take ownership of that and spearhead that that I'm willing to share a piece of that with you. Right and the trade-off for you is that as an intrapreneur is that you get to leverage our database right are media buying my or our reputation and good will all of those things that you would have to spend time and money to build on your own. So the trade-off is you still get to be a quote unquote entrepreneur, but you're doing it. Internally within the business leveraging all the assets that we already built and also getting a piece of the pie and so I always tell folks you got an idea you got something at your passionate about I'm totally willing to to entertain it assuming of course that it's congruent with your brand your what you stand for. What you believe in your values all that as long as it is and it's appropriate for your your people your tribe meaning then I would tell I tell my folks all the time.

I'm totally you you think you want to create a product. Like I'm at that is specific to what it is that we do that fills in a gap in our product Suite that our people would eat up and value and and whatnot. I'm totally down to share in the in the in the revenue in that with them another words giving them tremendous upside Financial right giving them a sense of ownership. You know, there is this, um, The a sense of ownership and control in one's life the control the the perceived control to achieve more to make more all that is hugely valuable and important to people that have that tendency to to want to go out on their own after their develop. And so you want to give them the feeling of control and as much upside potential as you possibly can the last thing that I would say dude is and I think that we've talked about this before and it's just very straightforward and very simple and that is dude that people no matter at what level dude they they crave recognition and praise.

Yes. And so this is where creating a culture of you know of pouring into people not just in terms of skill sets and abilities and processes but pouring into them in terms of their their confidence their self-belief building. Up edifying them, right so that they they don't want to they don't want to lose that they don't right. They don't get most people don't get that praise and recognition in any other area of their life certainly not in any significant consistent way. And so when we can give people when we pay people well, right and we give them the ability to make a lot more as they perform and we give them a sense of control and the opportunity to explore an intrapreneur opportunity that they want and we couple that with praise and recognition, you know, another, you know catching people doing things right like for what it's working.

There's a great little book man that I think every manager should should read. It's a great little book you could read it in one sitting I'll sum it up for you right here. If you don't want to read it. The book is called well done. Well, so well don't you don't and it's basically It's like a narrative Business book.

So it's like a story and the whole well done things if I read this so many years ago it has to do with like people I think that are there they work in like an aquarium or training whale something like that but here's the gist of the book the gist of the book dude is that the typical manager is a gotcha manager and what's meant by that is right. Like, you know, here's a mistake you made up. He gotcha here you forgot this you forgot that you missed this you didn't do this. Well, right and basically most managers dude are constantly catching people doing the wrong thing like the majority of interactions. Are you miss this you miss that you didn't do this, right?

This is Off the Mark you could have done this better. Let me tell you how to tweak this next time. It's all this negative. And so you want to be a well done manager or a well done manager somebody that's constantly catching your people doing things right doesn't mean that not addressing the mistakes the missteps, but it means that you've created this culture of like you are pointing out the the good no matter how small they may be somebody does a little thing right you want to celebrate it you want to recognize it you want to praise them for it because what will happen dude is Over time and this is really important and then I'll be quiet and we'll we'll get to the gist of what you want to talk about. It's good is that um the most powerful The most powerful I don't even know what word to use the most powerful.

Element within leadership or the most powerful scenario within all of leadership. I believe comes down to this when you get people your people to a point where they are more concerned with not letting you down then they are letting themselves down you they'll run through brick walls for you like where another words where you've poured into them so much and built them up so much and recognize them so much and right you've treated them of course with respect and integrity and and honesty and you've given them upside potential out the Wazoo. You've given them opportunity. Um, They will they'll they'll work hard because they just don't want to disappoint you and that is when you get there, man, you you have an army you have people that will go to war for you. And I mean that yeah, I mean that and so I have people do that I before I became an entrepreneur so now you're going back over two decades ago.

That's still reach out to me today that have like still um still reach out to me today. Thank me. You know for what it is that I did 20 some odd years ago for them because I just I poured in my job was like my whole attitude man was I want to make these people all stars and feel like all stars and think like all stars and I want to build them up so much that that when they think of man like I I've become an individual that I wouldn't have become if it wasn't for this edification. Pouring into me that's when that's when you know, man like that's when you built an army dude. Yeah, dude, I can I can you know, this is this is why I wanted to come to you for for answers for on this specific subject because I can see you walk your talk, but just looking your team like you do you got an All-Star like people like Teddy and John and you know, Damian all that so I'm glad I I extracted that secret sauce out of you man.

I guess it's the one thing I you know that that really hit me is giving is the fact that you stayed that I really should be thinking about giving them autonomy for the ideas and pitching them to the fact that you know, rather than starting from scratch. Why don't you love her to Resource? So that's great. Thank you so much for that the other thing that and and this also leads me to my my second question Todd is this is actually because we didn't we failed to do that in the past. Even though you know, we poured ourselves and we we trained up our there's an ex-employee.

Okay, so so there's an exploit we can train them up and he become this really talented dude. We parted ways I guess was like three years ago already. He started doing some agency work and now he's shifted his business model where he wants to scale and sell online courses and we're we're practically going after the same market now and so long story short. I approached him and and I just kind of said that you know, why don't we just join efforts together? Because you have the the strategy and the brains and we have all the operations.

We have the team who can Implement everything and that's exactly what he hated. And so and so we we agreed to kind of team up together with the condition that he wants to kind of still maintain his own branding meaning that he kind of wants to I'm not sure how Structure it. The question would be how can I really structure with him where he can still kind of be a co-founder of sorts of like a second company that that we come up with where he just kind of takes care of our clients high level strategic coaching rather than the in the weeds. They implementation all the operations that comes from running the business that makes sense because that's what we're missing and that's what he's missing. So yeah, so yeah, first of all dude, I I think you know, I it's really a simple answer but first of all, dude Kudos in recognizing the opportunity, like I think that that is, you know, extremely smart extremely wise of you to recognize the opportunity to partner.

I think it's win-win for both of you especially if he doesn't like the operations and and you've got all that plus, you know, look, you know, it's a great thing for him to not have to start from scratch and build up, you know and audience and and and all that um And so, um, like look I I don't think it's it's any different than the Agora model which you know inside of top one. There are now a number of people that are kind of leveraging the Agora model in these different niches and Realms. And so I I don't see like what's the is the partnership 50/50. Is it 60 40 you what's the what's the arrangement? Yeah, we we don't have any ideas.

Yeah. We're we just want to come up with something together and he's open to hearing an offer from us, but we're not sure how to structure it because we never really did anything like that. So curious to hear what the gore model is. Yeah. So I mean look, you know, so let's let's just let me give you a little bit of context so you can see how this fits in um, and then we'll kind of extrapolate this over to um to you and so the Agora model first of all the Agora companies, which is the Name the the corporate name if you will.

So first of all, the Agora companies is just a holding company. So it's just a it's just a holding company now underneath the Agora companies. There are all of these call it, you know the best way to describe this is there are these Brands these these company brands underneath the Agora model. So there is Agora Financial which has its own office its own team. It's own everything right?

There is Stansberry Research. There's Legacy research. These are all really truly separate entities. They're separate entities separate teams separate pnl separate everything but they are all owned by the Agora companies now here is where the model really comes into play for you under each one of those Brands like Agora Financial there are then What you could call let's call them for you to keep things simple. There are different.

Um, there are different product Brands. So let's say there's you know, there's expert a who's got product. You know, there's James altiture and he is he lives under one of the brands Paradigm, press which operates within Agora Financial. Um, and James altiture his business his brand his product line. He's got a number of different products.

He's got a number of different campaigns. Everything is branded for James all to chair right? Everything is branded for James alter but also under the same brand Paradigm, press inside of Agora Financial there is let's say Robert Kiyosaki and Robert Kiyosaki has his own brand with his own product line his own offers his you know, his own everything now in These examples this example right here. It just so happens that the same marketing team is responsible for both of those product Brands. So it's the same marketing team the same copywriters the same media buyers that are doing all of the the marketing for those those two Brands, but they're all completely they're separate their branded separately, right?

They're branded separately. And so the right so for you like if you want to own a piece of And we can talk about what that looks like for the Agora model in just a second. But if you want to own the brain, it doesn't matter. He could have his own logo his own name. Right like and the the beauty is that you can from you can cross promote.

Right? Like if you if he even wanted to you could have your own his own he has his own p&amp;l if he wanted to like, right, um, you could form it as its own, you know, it's own entity like right so that like like you form a separate entity like in other words if you look at if you look at the E5 agency what John runs for us, that's a separate entity. That's a separate company. It's a separate entity. It's got its own piano.

It's got its own team. It's got its own marketing. It's got its own everything. Um, But what happens the beauty is is that when when let's say your main company, right Edward Tang, you know when you promote this other company right this XYZ, let's just name this other company this other brand. Um, XYZ.

When when you when your company your main company promotes XYZ XYZ is gonna pay you a commission is gonna pay your company a commission got it. And so which is the same exact thing that when when Todd Brown Inc or MFA promotes, um promotes the E5 agency the E5 agency pays back to this company a commission for that because it's not you know, we're we're because our company is paying for the traffic but then what happened, right? We acquire the lead, we acquire the the buyer when we promote the E5 agency and they acquire now they own the buyer that they own the buyers that they acquire but they pay Back a commission the beauty is that right. It's it's a it's a valuable thing for for that for for John for the agency. It's a valuable thing for us.

It's another red and because you're an owner you're gonna get a percentage of the net at the end of the day, which is the same way that it works with the E5 agency. So in other words what you have to look at what you have to think about is this And this is an important point. This was the point that I recently shared this with Pete Renzulli. So Pete Renzulli is also he's got these different verticals in his business in the trading space in the stock market space. He's got these different verticals or these different product brands with different faces of each brand.

Um, and so when you are you so you're an owner of that second brand whether it's 50% 60% 70% 40% whatever it is, you're part owner of that brand. So no matter what happens, right? You will always get a piece of the of the net you'll get a percentage of that. But when you're company when your company your main company, which is a separate entity from you personally when your company promotes XYZ XYZ then has to pay your company a commission on the sale just as an as an example that is that has nothing to do with you. So in other words, right?

This is one entity your company promoting this other entity XYZ XYZ company entity then has to pay your company a a commission and then at the end with XYZ at the end of the quarter you get paid your personal percentage of the net. Does that make sense kind of yeah, so I'm I'm it's it's basically money moving around. In between companies, but I'm still getting paid this same correct. So in other words, you're well, you are well it see so what what the the perspective to take and where the little Nuance comes into play is that you've got to look at your company right like your your company? Yeah, and you as an individual as two different entities, right?

In other words Todd Brown and Todd Brown Inc by law our two different entities. There is Rob Brown and there's Todd Brown Inc. Right Todd brown, right Todd Browning because it's own pnl. You could say the Todd Brown personally as his own piano, but Todd Brown Inc is its own entity. And so while I personally own a percentage of the E5 agency, right Todd Brown Inc doesn't own a percentage of that agency.

God Brown does so Todd Brown gets a percentage of the profit. But when Todd Brown ink a separate entity promotes, That entity. Well, it's not a free ride. That's not fair to Todd Brown Inc right to to pay for leads and right. We'll just whack out the whole p&amp;l on Todd Browning if there's no commission paid back here.

Yeah, and this is an important point if there's no commission from XYZ or the E5 agency paid back to Todd Brown Inc. Then what I'm really doing is just taking potential profit out of Todd Brown Inc and moving it over to the agency and then just getting paid through the agency. That's not fair to to that's not the right way. That's not fair Todd Brown Ain't Yeah, right because another right so Todd Brown Inc is a business that needs to maintain just like your business. So in other words, you have to look at it is there's two there.

There are two there's really if if you think about it, there would be three entities involved. There's Edward Tang personally. There's Edward Tang Incorporated and then there's the new XYZ when Edward Tang Incorporated promotes XYZ XYZ needs to pay Edward Tang Incorporated. You just happen to Edward Tang get a percentage you you get the net at the end from Edward Tang Incorporated and you get a percentage of the net from XYZ Incorporated, right? But you have to recognize that there are three entities involved just because you own a hundred percent of Edward Tang Incorporated that that is nothing to do with um, you're the percentage that you own of XYZ, right?

So another word you because if all you do is have XYZ by me, excuse me, Edward Tang, Media and then just give it to XYZ for free. That's like why would you do that? That doesn't make any sense? You know what I mean? Then you're really just moving money from one place to another and so right so hopefully that makes sense.

It does it does it's it just blows my mind Todd because I I thought this whole game's getting you know to make it big was was this whole marking thing and then slowly and surely we'd be Advanced to conversations like this. But I I'm curious as well. How did you get to learn? All of this is just in the weeds experience or is it dissecting businesses? Like like with what you do in order to I think it's a bit of both.

I would say that you know, it's it's certainly a bit of both. It's certainly right. It's you know, it's obviously seeing behind the scenes on so many businesses and seeing the structures that work well and seeing the structures that don't work. Well, um, and really just coming to understand why things are being done like, you know, being a being being a student, you know, like as always man, I I ask a ton of questions for everybody. You know, why do you do it that way?

What's the benefit of that? What's the the negative of doing it that way? And did you have you done it a different way and did you get a different result and and so that coupled with then, you know, um Doing it and then getting to see the the results first hand, um it those two things in combination just you know, just like anything do you can you know, you can learn it. You can learn anything. This is all learnable skills, man.

This isn't you know, it's all just learnable skills. You spend enough time in any topic dude and you're gonna Master it, you know, it's just that it's it's not something that that you can learn from a well. Well, I guess you can you can 100% once you have like you said once you have been exposure to it. It's just not not a lot of it. That's something that a lot of people teach in courses.

I guess. It's not the sexy thing anywhere, but, you know just interesting but I want to shift gears a little bit talk because I'm interested in yes, or one other thing with that I don't overthink it, you know, like don't yeah don't overthink it like at the end of the day and there and there's a lot of different ways to to do it right like look, you know, you know, there's a lot of different ways to do it but don't overthink it the dude wants to you know, like look he He wants to own a piece of it. Certainly I would tell you the depending on what it is that you're willing to do. Oh. Right, like hypothetically if he said well, I don't want to have to pay you know, Edward Tang Incorporated a commission.

I don't want to have to pay a commission. Let's say he says that for whatever reason right, I would certainly explain to him why you know, why how if you don't pay ad we're tying a commit if we don't pay over time a commission then you know Edward tangs the the p&amp;l is gonna get impacted, right? There's like there's expenses that are being recouped by a totally different company and not um, not every time but if let's say he was a stickler for that. He didn't want to pay you pay the pay your business or commission. Then that warrants you having a higher percentage of the net.

In other words, right? Because right like it's you know, like he's basically then your partner's basically getting a free lunch. It's like who wouldn't want, you know free leads, you know, not not have to pay for traffic like who wouldn't want that right like that that be unbelievable to have that kind of arrangement. And so if that's the arrangement that you you come to that I would say to you we would have another discussion and I would say to you well, then that warrants a significantly higher percentage right because like you have to make your money back somehow um, and so but don't overthink it. There's nothing wrong dude with he could have his own brand as a logo where there is no like there and you know, every time doesn't have to be mentioned at all.

Not once it could be all his ideas and you know, and and he's gonna get the operations from you and the systems from you and he's gonna get this cross promotion, um from your your core business assuming that obviously Congruent on yeah, and so but don't overthink it. Got it. Yeah, I think he's more. Yeah, I guess and and the other question I have taught he in relation to that is that since he's taking more he's taking on more of a role that is responsible for a client results. for you know, he's essentially kind of like a client success manager or like a coach so to speak pretty similar to Michael or or Paul in in those weekly calls in that case.

I was wondering how would you? Plan on that that um, the financial award incentive for them to understand that, you know, even as you know, you might not be directly impacting the marketing but your impacting client results and because of that you get an upside like where's that upside being calculated? And I was that being said well, so I would say that so if he's an owner if he oh if he owns it then his upside is built into um, being an owner meaning if the brand look at the end of the day, let's just say hypothetically that the deal is and I'm just gonna throw out some numbers here. The deal is 70 30 70 you 30 him and and you know, it it depends like is he gonna do the marketing or no? Is he just gonna do the client fulfillment if you're gonna do the marketing and you're gonna do the operations and all he's really all he's really doing is client fulfillment.

Then I would say a 70/30 split is certainly, you know, Need 30 65 35 is definitely is more than fair. Right? If you're doing the marketing you're doing the media buying you're doing the operations like yeah, man, then I definitely like so, you know seventy Thirty he's getting 30% of a business all for just merely um delivering his his um his knowledge and there are a lot of people out there dude that are experts that like that are experts that just don't know how to build businesses that you could partner with. So I I share that only because you know it if he was doing the marketing then it's a little different if he was like doing the marketing and doing the Fulfillment that I would say. Okay, maybe it's 60 40.

Maybe it's 55 45, you know, but but um, and so the my point being is that his upside potential is built in he gets 30% Let's call it 30% of every of every dollar of profit every quarter and so right like he gets that so the bigger the business the more money he makes so he's got then a steak and everything meaning like he cares about everything he cares about client fulfillment because it's gonna stimulate referrals and resigns and backend and all that stuff if he wasn't an owner, right which Just For What It's Worth so So like let's say Michael and Paul they're incentivized. When at the end of somebody's experience with them if that person gets results and wants to continue into another program because they've gotten such great results with us when that happens. They get a percentage of that next coaching experience that that person pays for so in other words, right? They don't have to sell them on it. They don't have to convince.

They're like, that's not their job to actually make that sale, but it certainly their job to put the person in a position where they're Blown Away by the value and the outcome that they got so that they want to continue with us. And then when they do continue with us, they get a percentage of that. So the more of their people that they deliver great results for um, and that are blown away by their experience with us. Excuse me, the more money they stand again. awesome Awesome.

That's great. That's this is exactly what I need and that's what I was looking for because it's You know. They're they're rolling really is the drive help our clients Drive results and not really pitch them on the next thing right because that's just yeah, that's just a thing for the Setters or or the Consultants on cold traffic. So I'm definitely gonna rework this but you know that there is a you know, and I want to make sure we get to your next question your questions, but there is you know, like look, you know, there is a they don't have to pitch anything. They don't have to sell anything.

They don't have to close anybody it's not but there is you know, they're there's definitely a level of trust that clients have with their coaches their facilitators that they don't have with anybody else certainly over time as they spend a lot of time with these people and they see that you know, Michael and and Paul and indeeda that they're pouring into them. Yeah. Um, and so they definitely like Paul and Michael and the the team the facilitators will definitely say things to people like this is you know, like in your next With us you definitely this is one of the things that we're going to address, right? This is like we're gonna deal with aov we're gonna deal with ramping up your your media. And so like just by those little kind of planting of seeds right when they deliver great results when they when people have a great experience and they know that there are there's x y z that can be done for them as they continue going that's enough that's more than enough to write.

And so we say when these people continue on with us because they've been blown away great results. We're gonna give you a percentage of of that sale. Awesome. That's it. Tom also curious how are you?

Like, how how did you get to that place where you're not so reliant on paid advertising because because unlike other companies are there, you know, they they've got their Facebook guys humming their YouTube ads humming. I can see sometimes oftentimes. You don't even have to run a lot of campaigns the cold traffic and you're getting you know clients coming to you. I guess mostly on referrals. How did you get to that place?

Is it mainly yeah. Well look, I I would say a couple things I would say, you know. Look the bulk of our the bulk of our new clients New Leads. It does come from cold traffic. So while we don't have to you know, we don't we don't um, you know, we're not, you know, like we don't spend 300 Grand a month or anything like that on media buying anymore, but the bulk certainly does come from Paid media, I believe, you know reputation.

Um, you know, it it can only take you so far but I I think look man, I I think there's no magic to it. I think putting out great content being, you know, standing for something like in a marketplace where you know, like for me dude it, you know, I don't Pander to the market. I don't say what you know, people want to hear I bring what I believe people need to hear to be successful. Sometimes I probably make less money because of that like, but I'm okay with that because that's you know, I want to I want to have integrity and what it is that I do and so I think that you do that for a long enough period of time. And you do that with enough people and over time in a somewhat small Marketplace people start to talk, you know on you know, people start to talk and you know people start to reference you from stage and in their books and in their products and programs and before you know, it you've got all these little seeds that right before, you know, what people are hearing.

Wow this person mentioned, you know at this person mentioned at this person mentioned that I just saw an ad like man, I gotta check this guy out. Like there's got to be something there and so, um, but so there's there's that but the big thing man is is this dude. Um, is that And this is a lesson that I think the majority of even top one folks can can benefit from and should heed and I've been on this kind of this this horse. So to speak for a while and that is due the business is the back end. The business is the back end, right?

The front end is just customer acquisition. Right? And and I think dude that what you find the mistake that a lot of people make dude is they put a disproportionate amount of time energy effort and money into customer acquisition, which is the most expensive most difficult part of this business and they put a fraction of their time and resources into monetizing what it is that they've already generated and and growing the back end like look, you know, I tell people all the time, you know, like don't you know folks. Let's say they have you know, Not a monster list. They have a 50,000 person list just say on their email and I'm like, you know and what percentage of those people are buyers and they'll say, you know 10% So we've got you know, 50,000 people 10,000 people are buyers.

40,000 people aren't buyers. I say, yeah 40,000 people that haven't bought from you yet. Why do you feel the need to go out and be wildly aggressive in getting more leads when you have 40,000 people that you've yet to monetize that you've yet to activate and turn into buyers. The other thing is you've got 10,000 buyers. Why are you not emphasizing right?

Um creating offers for those buyers people that are buyers people that are buyers buy people that are buyers buy more especially when you deliver the goods and you over deliver value and you fulfill on your promises and then some and so we just happen to focus more than the typical on monetization of what that we already have and I think that that's where a lot of people men go wrong. Like you've got to remember dude, especially like in your business in in the majority of these businesses. The front end is wildly expensive. Yeah, and so one of the you know, a dollar a dollar from the front end is not even remotely close to a dollar from the back end. And so this is why dude that this is why oftentimes you see people that you see entrepreneurs in our space that they scale and they scale big but they scale big mainly from the front end and they're they're net is Tiny their margin.

They're profit at the end of the year is Tiny compared to this monster number on the on the top line. And that's because the majority of Top Line dollars are coming from the front end which has a huge cost to it. Whereas they would be better off even allowing the the top line to come down a bit but then having most of the dollars or more of the dollars coming from back end which would just radically inflate the Online and so, you know while like in and for you we talked about this and I know you said at the beginning of our call that you're placing more focus on the on the you know on the on the profit which is smart like at the end of the day who cares what the top line is man. It's the bottom line is what matters right like, I'd rather have you know what I mean, and so like You know, like would you rather make 10 million and have six million hit the bottom line or would you rather make, you know, 25 million and have 6.5 million hit the bottom line. I'll take the 10 million with the sit, you know, 10 million top lines, six million bottom line any day over the you know, the 20 million in 6.5 million because there's so much waste and inefficient and so much complexity in there.

And so the point is dude that where the bottom line gets pumped up is when more of your top line when more of your revenue is coming from the back end and so more of your like most of our campaigns that we have running are what I would call back end campaigns. They are campaigns that are being promoted exclusively to our house file and that could be a combination of buyers and leads so we only have maybe one or two at the most Campaigns that were driving media to the rest of our campaigns that we fire off every month every quarter are going to our house file. So the majority of our marketing actions are there to monetize what we've already paid for right so that we can right we're growing the roas over time. We're growing our profit over time. And that's why I do are our margin is our profit margin is astronomical compared to the majority of folks.

And so um wall art while there are people that have a higher Top Line than us. They're higher Top Line than US produces a smaller bottom line. So they get to take home far less money than we do and it's over because my and you know, and they have a complex machine that they've got to feed and and all that. Oh, whereas like the business is like Dan Kennedy for so long. Has said right like, you know, it's all in the monetization of what it is that you've already paid for.

That's the business. The business is the back end. The business is right. If you look at dude, even you know our buddy J Abraham, right? If you look at his three ways to grow a business right three ways to grow a business two of the three ways have to do with existing customers.

Yes. Only one of the three ways has to do with getting new customers. So right you could even just take that and extrapolate it out to what it is that you do every day every week every month every quarter. Right and say is right is two thirds or two thirds of my marketing actions going towards what I already paid for and right like or is it the other way around and in most businesses dude, it is the other way around most businesses dude. It's like 80% of what they talk about 80% of what they focus on 80% of their aim is new new new.

Which is the most expensive part of the business which is why you see the, you know, Top Line and then bottom line so low and so does that make sense? Yes hundred percent and so interesting that you know, we we went into this topic because I actually we've actually been identifying a lot of our existing clients who who's been asking to to kind of form joint ventures with us and and possibly offer some some Buyouts like like we're thinking about buying them up because they got such a massive surgery. They're converting people from cold traffic like like crazy, but they don't have a back-end at all. And when I say don't have a back end, they literally don't know how they they've been selling online, but they they aren't aware of retargeting. They don't even have a pixel on their website.

They've got a whole bunch of emails that they never email to they got a lot of phones and with cases like like these like I won't we've only ever dealt with you know, helping clients monetize and convert back on cold traffic, but with people like like these talk what kind of strategies and tactics which you simply Implement because You know with an email list that's kind of like two years old. You can't really plug them into a a CRM and you know up to sell them and stuff. Right? Is that like a go-to strategy that well are you saying? So are you asking me like it?

So first of all based on what you said? Um, you know, like anybody that's in your world that has a front end. Um, And has an effective and proven front end and doesn't have a back end and their front end is congruent with what you do on the back end. I would work out a deal to just plug your your in as they're back in. And so now both both win, they now have a back end you now have a source of of buyers that right.

There's zero risk for you. It's found money for you. And so it's win win and it's really win win. It's win for the customer because now they get they have the opportunity to get more value Beyond just a front-end product that vendor gets to be able to monetize these people that they're paying for which the reality is is done. Right?

It's gonna even equip them to do the front end that much better because now they have higher lifetime value these people and of course for you, it's it's found money and found clients that now you can bring into your world. But are you asking me like, what are you what do you do? Like, let's say are you asking me so we've got this client? They've been generating. You know, they're they're generating new buyers, but they haven't done anything with those buyers and there's a list and their list of buyers is two years old.

Like what do we do with them? Yeah, which I'm asking me. Yes, and and there they're in like entirely like a different industry and a niche which really compliment our products, but we want to give them some Guidance on that because there's so much untapped potentials. I was wondering what well, you're good. Yeah, so I'll tell you what I would do but there, you know, let me let me qualify this with you know, I there's nothing magical about what it is that I'm about to say so I don't I don't know if there's any you know, there's no whiz bang.

Um, that's your strategy. But um, but I would begin to what I would do is even if the list is two years old, like number one. What I would want to do is I would want to start to communicate with the list but I would want to start to communicate with with the list where I find out who is still interested in the topic still in the market so to speak and who isn't and so what I would do is I would do a combination of I would start to email them and I would do retargeting and what I would do in my emailing of them is I wouldn't start off by making them offers or anything like that. What I would do is I would put out some sort of you know for lack of a better term. I put out a lead magnet I put out.

Something of value that doesn't necessarily have an offer in there but a lead magnet that allows me to number one deliver value to these people and number two allows me to see who is still interested in the topic of the brand. So whatever it was that like whatever the topic was that got them on that buyer list in that house file. I want to see who's still as an interest like look just because somebody was interested in learning how to play tennis two years ago doesn't mean that they're still interested in learning how to play tennis and so what I would do is I would in essence lead generate out of my own house file to see who is still interested and the people that click the link and go over. I'd also run a retargeting ad sending to that to that house file sending them over to lead capture. And what I would do is I would use the the retargeting lead capture somebody reenters.

Opt-in or somebody clicks on the link in the email those people would then get put on a what I would call a hot list for right now. And those are the people right and I would run that kind of campaign. Let's say for about a week to 10 days to see if I can get what what percentage of those 2,000 people I could I can I can identify as active still interested get them re-engaged. And then I would just begin nailing to those people on a regular basis and I personally believed you that without you know, we're just scratching the surface here on this. Yeah, but I believe dude that you can Market to these people every single week like you can you can send them an offer every week as long as the offer as long as the marketing campaign that you're ultimately plugging them into is education based is five based you're delivering value your educating you're giving a Haas you're demonstrating your your expertise your teaching them something and in the end, right?

You're you're presenting an offer like so when you do Location-based marketing right it's and you've heard me talk about this before. It's almost like 75% of the marketing of the vsl is value is value. It just so happens to be leading them to a particular conclusion. But you're teaching them something I'm gonna send you a video dude. I'm gonna send you a new video.

I haven't I wanted to actually send this to my team. I haven't gotten a chance to send it send it to them yet, but I'm gonna send it to you first and this video is a this is a vsl from Porter Stansberry. So Porter stands very ran the most successful brand within all of Agora. They actually just went public a few months ago. So huge huge huge.

Um, he went public and then he started his own like he still is the largest shareholder in that in that company, but they need decided that he wanted to start his own like little on publishing company and so he's got a vsl and the vsl is probably 40 minutes, which is very typical for for a Gore type. Dsls I'm gonna send this to you don't ignore the topic. The topic has to do with investing in the United States and what's going on, but I want you to pay attention to how it's filled with information facts proof evidence. He's presenting one gigantic, um, intellectually interesting emotionally compelling argument and then in the end there's an offer if you want to take advantage of what he just taught you and I want you to see how like you, you know, you walk away from that you've learned something. You've got a different Insight a different perspective like you'll walk away and you'll understand things even if you understand only a couple right?

I think you're gonna walk away. That's the beauty when you use that kind of marketing. You could Market every week to your people and there's no there's no problem with that. And so I share all of that to kind of put a put a bow on this because this applies both to Once you've once your client, let's say they start communicating again. They start communicating and I would start off by again getting people to raise their hand and identify themselves as who is still interested by giving them some free thing a free report a free video train a free something on the topic.

Whatever I'd use retargeting so different channel to ultimately Drive the same thing the people that respond and then become active are on a hot list and those people I'm just gonna be begin to now communicate with on a regular weekly basis when I say communicate with on a regular weekly basis, I ultimately mean every week I would put them into some marketing campaign like if possible if it was possible, I would put them into some marketing campaign even if that marketing campaign, like even if there was only one back end that they were promoting which was you right you could have a vsl one week the following week. You could have a pre-recorded webinar that has a different angle a different topic that ultimately leads to the same offer the following week. You could have a a PDF that ultimately right A leads the same exact offer. Then you could if you wanted to you you could start go back like you could recycle which we do which we've talked about. Yes, though.

The the um, the point is that it applies to both your client in that situation and it applies to you because that's how you that's how we monetize the back end where we run campaigns every single week that are done. They're done campaigns. They were created. Once we lead generate out of our list the people that raise their hand and you know say that they're interested by going over to the page and watching some of the video or whatnot. We then plug into a conversion sequence and we just do that every every single week and when you're using education based marketing, it's not you're not just hammering them with offer after offer after offer after offer because it's education based.

It's one thing if you just sent them to a sales page and it was this week. It was buy one get one free and the next week it was, you know, get this bonus in the week after that's just Hammering them with offer after offer. And so when you have education based marketing, you can continue to expose your your folks to and so every week every week often and and I think at the next um top one. So even if you're virtual we'd love to see you but even if you're come to the mansion, I don't know if you saw the news about yeah, it's exciting. It's crazy.

If you can't it's all right. Well, we're gonna have the the virtual stuff but at the next top one experience in a few weeks, I'm gonna be breaking down in excruciating detail how we do this and how we run multiple campaigns at the same time to different segments campaigns that are already done. So we're not creating anything new. We're just taking stuff really off the shelf what we call bullets and we're just firing them. And so at any given point we could have, you know, we could have two sometimes three campaigns running at the same time for different segments most of them education based.

All of them going to our house file not with paid traffic. We already paid for all the leads all the buyers blah. So now we're just monetizing them and we just do that over and over and over and over and over make sense a little bit. Yeah talk time will be really respect for your time. Do you mind if just give me three more minutes?

I want you of course speaking of evm. I'm not sure you remember this. I don't know why you took it online. But this is one of the most influential pieces. I read on the Internet.

It's so influential. I saved it onto my computer. I'm reference. I love it. This is my life.

This was like my turning point. But now that you brought this side Scott one more real real quick question because I remember you you did this math over here. I'm trying to extract this lesson before to my team, but I'm not really sure how you came up with. Um how this how how the loss was calculated because I and I'm not sure if you have the time. If not, that's okay, too.

Let me so wow. You're you're putting me on the spot for an old. Um, so okay. So let's let's look at this. So um, so okay.

So yeah, let me let me see here. So we paid two dollars a click. We got 500 visitors. So in other words, we paid a thousand we paid a thousand dollars, right? So we paid a thousand.

So the first thing to realize right when you let your team know is that right that that traffic cost doesn't change based on your office. Right? Like it's a thousand bucks. Now now it's just about what do we offer them? So we paid a thousand bucks regardless of what it is that we we offer.

So this is assuming that we go to a um, like go to and often page and this is assuming a 40% opt in so 40% of 500 means we get we get 200 opt-ins then out of 200 opt-ins. We have an eight percent sales conversion rate. And so that gives us 16 total buyers. So team buyers if the main offer price is your typical seven dollar tripwire that is seven times 16. And so what is that seven times 16 is a hundred and twelve bucks.

So let's just write that down just to write that down for me so that got it. Okay. Yeah. Okay, what did we say? 116?

112 112 okay 112 and so yeah, yep, then then we've got an upsell at a at 20% So right so the upsell if it's got a 20% conversion that mean right 20% of the people 20% of our buyers. So we've got 16 buyers 20% of our buyers took advantage of that upsell. That means that every buyer is worth an additional 19 dollars and 40 cents. So meaning not upsell has a 19 dollar and forty Cent aov contribution. You see how that's calculated.

Yes, right. So right that's the easiest way meaning right that having that upsell there increases the average amount of money, um, the average amount of money, uh that I got to be quick here because I got a couple people waiting the average amount of money right by um by 19 dollars, right and then we've got the next upsell. Um, hang on one second. 20% um, right and so then we've got a hundred and ninety nine dollars and so on the next upsell at 15% So if we did 15 if we did 199 by 15, right? That's 29 85 that means um, that means that uh that now the aov increase is by a what was I gonna say by 2985, right?

So you see that so let's just do this real quick and say that we we had seven dollars on the main offer and we've got $19.40 for upsell number one and we've got 2985 for upsell too upsell too. That means that every buyer that we get is worth 56 dollars and 25 cents. position s okay Okay. And started and multiply that by 16 56 dollars and twenty five cents times 16 is 900 bucks. All right, so that's how you yeah.

No, no, and so that's really important. It's really valuable right to see that right? Because and the ultimately what this was showing was like look at this like, you know, right the traffic cost is a traffic cost regardless of what it is that we're we're marketing and selling. So now even with an 8% sales conversion on a tripwire and a 20% upsell on number one and a 15% upsell on number two, right a pretty darn good not great. Not over the moon, right but pretty good present.

Excuse me. Pretty reasonable numbers, right and look you're still at a loss. Now, that doesn't mean that every tripwire campaign is gonna be at a loss if hypothetically we got the upsell one conversion up to 30% and maybe you know that would fix it right there or if we got upsell too up to, you know, 22% right there, but The point is going in and saying yeah, as long as I have an 8% sales conversion rate and a 20% upsell one in a 23% upsell number two. I'm golden. Well, that's a game that is much more difficult than saying.

Yeah. Well now imagine you're selling High ticket and you don't need upsell one. You don't need upsell two and you could have a half a percent sales conversion rate and you can still make money from it God like wildly different and the thing is to to realize the last thing that I'll say because I just I can't get off without making this point for you with this. Is that right? What people don't understand is they say what what they'll say here is and I'm not saying I'm not a fan of like I'm not saying there's not a use for the tripwire.

I'm just saying don't be fooled into thinking that it's easier economically then is a high ticket. It's not right just because you get an 8% sales conversion rate doesn't mean anything right like you can still lose money on the acquisition. But the thing to understand here is that is on this right if we got In total buyers. Remember we generated we generated 200 leads. So we still have a hundred and eighty four leads that we can turn into buyers.

Yeah, right like that. We can turn into buyers. So, you know, my my point is even hypothetically dude if we ran this campaign and we only got one high ticket buyer, but we got 200 leads. We got one high ticket buyer. We recouped a hundred plus percent of our ad spend now we have $199 leads that we can follow up with and sell in the seven dollar offer.

Yeah. I got it. That's what I'm saying. Yeah hundred percent. Thank you so much.

I really appreciate your time. Get out of here. It's amazing to see you as always dude. I'm so proud of you brother man. Like I love I love chatting with you dude.

I love I feel like I could chat with you for hours man, because you you ask such a suit questions, dude, and and so I love it man proud of you here for you if you need anything man, well through thanks not take everybody.
