---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-09-02 17:01:31"
date: 2025-09-02
duration: 33m
duration_seconds: 2022
vimeo_id: 1115250738
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-09-02 17:01:31

**Date:** 2025-09-02 | **Duration:** 33m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so today what we're gonna talk about is a simple topic. I'm gonna share with you some notes that, um, I have from, uh, my time working with some of the, uh, top financial publishers, uh, in the direct response world. And we're gonna talk about really one topic, which is just timing. So it's this idea of timing in marketing, really according to the top financial, um, publishers. And so this should be, it's very straightforward and simple, but it is deep.

I know that that sounds strange. It's simple and straightforward, what we're gonna talk about, but deep when you really, when, when you really think about it. And so let me go ahead and share my, my screen over here, and let me go over here and do this. So hopefully you guys can see my, um, you can see my slide. And so what you will find is that, let me kind of preface this, give a little bit of additional context.

What you're gonna find here is that I just want you to put everything. I, I think that what, what is shared here in the notes that, that I wrote, this is from maybe, uh, a year ago, maybe these notes. Um, uh, but this is what you're gonna see here. What you have to understand here is that financial, the financial publishing market, like the Agora companies, for example, that marketplace, uh, Motley Fool, et cetera, they are in a very fast moving, fast evolving marketplace. And so not every marketplace evolves at the same rate that they, that, that the financial publishing market evolves at.

Obviously, you can see, if you look at financial publishing, there are things that change day to day, let alone week to week, month to month, quarter to quarter, you know, and, and year by year, right? In other words, like something that is a big news story today, might no longer be in big news story in a month. There are some stories that may last longer, let's say, the effects of the tariffs in the United States, you know, like the, the, the, the, the new tariffs that the, the, um, this administration is putting. Like, that's right, that's, that storyline or narrative has been around a while, but there are other things that kind of happen, come up, and then, you know, a month later, they're no longer, um, the part of the zeitgeist, if you will. They're no longer part of the mainstream conversation.

So this is a marketplace that evolves and changes very rapidly over time. And so timing is much more critical in this market than some other markets. Take the market, for example, alternative health, which is also another huge, uh, market. And ironically, you know, there are divisions, if you will, within the Agora companies, these big financial publishers that often also publish, um, alternative health newsletters. Well, financial, excuse me, uh, alternative health is really vastly different from financial in that it, it, it doesn't evolve nearly at the same pace.

So the timing concerns, while they are still, the, all the lessons that you're gonna learn here apply in every market regardless of the speed of evolution. It's just that they are, um, excuse me, they're not, it's not as difficult in the slower moving markets as it is in the, um, in the faster moving markets. And so the very first thing is, and I, I wanna get some feedback, um, from you guys on this, right? So the very first thing, like, I want this to be interactive, not just a, uh, a monologue. I want this to be a dialogue.

So the very first thing that was shared with me, right, that I noted was that timing is everything With campaigns. It's the most important thing. And and why do you think that is? Like, why would they say that timing is everything with campaigns? Like timing is everything.

It's the most important thing. What do you think they're referencing? What do you think they're alluding to? Like, why do you think they're saying this? I mean, like, if you're, if like with the, like, if you take into the four u's that we talk about from a copywriting point of view, I think like one of the underused ones outside of say the financial space is the, the urgency factor.

And like with timing, if you can, like, there's so many distractions out there with the people have that they, like, they have any excuse not to take action on something. But if you have an, a campaign that has timing based, that has some element that you need to take action now versus putting it off, yeah. Like, that's, that's huge. Yeah. That's, you're, you're absolutely right.

That is certainly one of the, the factors at play for sure, right? Like, um, And so, and because obviously like the, like if you have a campaign that's running, um, and you're tapping into something in the market, like that's, the markets shift. The markets change. And like when you have, when you capitalize on something that's timing based, you, you, you have that momentum that you don't or ordinarily have if you just have a general campaign. Yeah, very good.

I think so, right there are, right, like there's sometime, you know, there are catalysts, you know, things that create situations, scenarios, um, opportunities, um, consequences, right? Like a law being passed, uh, a company going public, um, you know, uh, a new type of, you know, a business now, um, accessible to average, like all of these things, those things are, are ultimately catalyst. They're, they're, they're the reason why a new opportunity is in front of us, or a potential consequence is in front of us if, right? Excuse me, tariffs potential consequence, right? Um, you know, new law that makes selling cannabis products or c, BD right?

Opportunity, um, over there, excuse me, a new law could be consequences, right? A new law that could be going into effect that could eliminate a tax deduction, let's just say. Um, consequence new law could also create an oppor opportunity. These things are, are catalysts. And so oftentimes you've got, you have a limited window of opportunity with those, with those things, not just because they will expire, you know, in other words, right?

Like, if there's a new law that's going into effect that would affect, that would have a huge impact on your marketplace, and that's gonna, let's say, gonna happen on October 1st. Well, right? Certainly after October 1st, we've missed the window, at least with the, the idea of getting in before the law changes so that you're not punished, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so with certain things like that, with deadline related or date related things, or things that are occurring at a specific, you know, moment in time, uh, whether now or at some point in the future, right? It, it's all about capturing that, uh, um, that moment and being able to leverage that.

There's more though to this, you know, to this statement. There's more than just that, that is absolutely spot on. Everything that John said is, is spot on. There's more, you know, remember, think about the, the context for a second of who this is coming from. And, and this is kind of similar to it really just piggybacks off of what John said, but it, it goes one step further.

The think about, right? These are notes coming from ultimately the financial publishing giants, right? Specifically the Agora companies. And you've heard me say many times before that the whole foundation, you know, of the Agora companies and what they do in terms of marketing, is that right? They're ultimately in the business of idea generation.

They're, they're, they're an idea generating right company, right? They're all about finding these, you know, new, fresh, unique contrarian, sometimes controversial, you know, paradigm shifting ideas. That's what they're looking, they're looking for these fringe ideas. And so they're leveraging ideas. And oftentimes, right, when they're part of leveraging these ideas is understanding what is going on in the mind of the market.

You know, again, not to use the, that same, you know, word, the zeitgeist, what is top of mind? What is what they're thinking about, what they're worried about, what they're looking for, what they're excited about. It's right. We're developing these ideas within the, the frame of what the marketplace is thinking about. What is top of mind, what isn't top of mind, right?

Like, if you think about it, like, if we were gonna come up with an idea, a new, we were, we were gonna try to develop a big marketing idea for, um, let's say the online marketing world, the online marketing universe, or community. Well, right before we're, before we even start kind of researching ideas or seeds of ideas, we're gonna first look at the marketplace and prospects and what are they thinking and what are they feeling, and what are problems that they're currently having, and what's top of mind for them? And what things are they struggling with now that they weren't struggling with six months ago? And what things were they struggling with six months ago that they're no longer struggling with? And what are the most, you know, bleeding neck problems that they're having?

And what are the most valuable outcomes that they want? All like, and right? What is not just what are their desires and wants and feelings, but what are their beliefs? That's why we do that web analysis. What are the beliefs that they're hold?

Are they, do they believe the marketplace, their opportunity is shrinking? Do they believe that AI is gonna eliminate their, the need for them? Do they believe that, right? You know, whatever publishing courses is, is coming to an end. You know, what is it that they believe?

We need that context first so that we can develop our, um, ideas. And so you should see then from that, that ideas are really all about timing that, right? Like a, a, a good idea, a big, it's why I've always said, right? With big marketing ideas, they exist with within time and space. That's why a good, a great, a big marketing idea six months ago might no longer be a big marketing idea.

A, a campaign that grabbed everybody's attention and rocked the house six months ago, might today be a dud. Why? Timing, you know, timing, right? It's like the, the, you know, when they, when they talk about what's the difference between, you know, like what's the difference between, um, salad and garbage, about 48 hours, right? About 48 hours, right?

That's, if you, you know what I mean? That's all about timing. Timing. And so same thing with an idea. And so it really is the most important thing because as we're gonna talk about, uh, or as we're gonna cover, right?

Like a great message, great copy, a great headline, right? It, it, it really, what makes it great is the timing. That the timing is right, because if the timing is wrong, that's right. The, the, the campaign six months ago, right, with the great headline and the great lead and the great offer and all that today could flop. And so it didn't go right.

It what, what changed? Well, the headline didn't change, the lead didn't change, the offer didn't change. What changed was timing. The timing was, was wrong. And so ultimately, right?

Timing is also a part of how we decide what campaigns to launch. This is what, this is what they said, right? I'm not saying this to you, I'm saying this is what they said. Timing is how we decide what campaigns to launch, because it's all about what is the right timing, you know what I mean? Like right now, let's take for example, you know, campaigns that are, there might be a great idea for a campaign, a great idea for a campaign, um, that has to do with the election and right.

The, the next president now likely is not the right time for that because it's way too early, because it's not on the forefront of everybody's mind. Most people aren't thinking about it. And so ultimately you're putting ideas and campaigns through this filter of what is, you know, the, the timing and launching campaigns ultimately based on timing. Not just based on how great the idea is, but because, right? The reality is, is this is what we've, what we've just said, right?

That great copy at the wrong time will bomb great copy at the wrong time, will bomb. You could have a great, a great message, a great, great copy, a great idea that is related to, let's say, a recession or when people are bearish on the market. Well, releasing it during a time when people are bullish on the market and feeling good is not wise. It's not, it doesn't change the fact that you've got good copy, you've got a great argument, a rock solid argument with the right proof and the right idea, and the right hook and the angle. It's the wrong time for that.

Wrong time for that. This is right in line with that again. And you're gonna really see that all these notes are really just simple notes around, uh, what we've already said, right? So I, there's probably one additional thing that I'm gonna share with you. One additional aha above and beyond what it is that we already shared all this stuff is to, is to reinforce what it is that they, that they shared and how they operate, right?

Mediocre copy with the right idea at the right time will always beat 10 out of 10 copy with the right idea at the wrong time. And so this is right. What I love about this, to me, what, what, what I've loved about this and continue to love about this is right, it, it taps into the thing that made me really fall deeply in love with direct response marketing when like, I was enamored with direct response marketing when I was first exposed to it. You know, many, many moons ago when I was first reading, you know, Gary Halbert's stuff, um, Dan Kennedy stuff, Jay Abraham stuff, all the old original, you know, direct response, um, stuff. Not the old, old, not the, you know, uh, not the OGs of direct response, but the, um, the present day, uh, you know, guys, um, present day, meaning the, the present day OGs, I guess you would say.

I don't know, you guys get what I'm saying. Uh, I was enamored with it. And I love the idea. I love the idea that you could write, like, I love, I was fascinated with the idea that you could write a marketing and sales message. And really back then, when I was first exposed to it, I, I was like, wow, I could create one single sales presentation and then it it, and then expose that one sales presentation over and over and over and over to an unlimited number of people without having to deliver it a second time.

That is what I became enamored with. And I became really obsessed with, um, with understanding that, because just the, the, the leverage was fascinating to me, right? The, I, like, I never liked sales. Like I, I was always intrigued by sales. 'cause I was always intrigued by persuasion and the language, you know, that, that, that work.

But I was never a great, um, a great salesperson. So the idea of being able to leverage a single sales message, and that's exactly how I learned copy, I learned copy as, you know, um, salesmanship in print today. Of course, that's vastly different from the way that I, that I, that I view it. Um, but so I became enamored and obsessed with that. But it wasn't until I was exposed to the way that ironically Agora was doing their copy, that I really fell in love with it.

Because what I fell in love with was the idea of the idea behind the marketing message that, right? I, I loved hearing that the reason why Agora was able to grow so much was because they really recognized that they were in the idea business, and they, they were really looking for the best ideas, the ones that, right? Uh, like perfect timing for where the marketplace was at ideas that were viewed as new, unique, different contrarian, controversial fringe paradigm shifting, and right, had the perfect timing for where the marketplace was at. And right. And you've heard me say so many times before, over the years, right?

That you know that what, what ends up happening for most marketers and most copywriters is when they have an ordinary idea, in order to try to make it sound extraordinary, they try to use extraordinary language. And that's where we find right, lots of superlatives in copy. We find lots of adjectives in copy, lots of adverbs in copy, right? They're filling it with words to make it sound extraordinary, because they're starting with an ordinary idea. But when you've got an ordinary, excuse me, when you've got an extraordinary idea, you can use ordinary language to let that idea shine through and you'll do well, because it's the idea that people are buying into.

It's the idea that's getting attention. It's the idea and what it can mean for them, where it can take them that creates engagement or turns attention into, um, engagement. It's ultimately the, the, it's the idea behind the thesis of your campaign that you're saying, right? It, it's, it's, it's the idea. And that's why over here you see the top publishers, right?

It from the, you know, the 800 pound gorilla in the world of direct response, say that, right? Mediocre copy, mediocre copy with the right idea at the right time will always be copy with the right idea at the wrong time. And this is why you've heard me say before when I, I I, I've shared with you guys that so many people over the years, when I see people talk about the Agora companies, right? And, and I, I got to spend many, many years behind the curtain, right? Lots of people would say, well, that's because they have the best copywriters in the world.

And I would always say it's the antithesis of that. It's, it's the opposite of that. They don't have the best copywriters in the world. They're taking people virtually off the street, and they're turning them into effective copywriters. Why?

Because they teach them and drill into them. The idea what they are world class at is they're world class at understanding marketing ideas and being able to do the research to uncover great ideas that, um, that then can be turned into great campaigns if there was a superpower. That is the superpower. And so it shows you the, um, the, the value of investing the time to nail the idea, the theme. And oftentimes, I'll tell you that, you know, sometimes I'm part of conversations in, you know, in, in different, in our different companies where somebody will say, I got a great, you know, a big marketing idea, and they throw it out, and everybody's like, wow, that's a good idea.

It's, and, and I'm like, that's just not good enough. It's not, it's not compelling enough. It's not. John, you and I have had great conversations just over the years of being able to spot, you know, John is as much of a wizard with this as, as I am, right? Being able to, um, you know, spot, like, you know, no, that's, you know, that's an interesting idea, but it's not like, it's not a, uh, it's not like a game changer.

It's not a, an idea that changes. It changes everything. And so this is why like, we push, and this is why oftentimes for the financial publishers, for the big players, the, the most amount of time that goes into a campaign goes into the development of the idea, right? Being able to express the ordinary idea, being able to express the, um, the big idea, and then being able to turn the big idea into a headline in a lead. That's the most difficult part, the most time consuming part of everything.

Now, the beauty is, is that right today, right? That today that's still the most valuable part. It's even more so the most valuable part today, just because right? Writing the copy is much easier today with the help of, you know, AI and the right frameworks, but right, you, you gotta feed the right ideas into ai, uh, you know, to have the right campaigns. And so this is why they said, be obsessed with timing.

Be obsessed with timing. And so, right? Because timing is, is everything. Like timing is, is everything. And so we already drilled that, you know, that point home, this I think is really interesting.

This next point is interesting. It, this has a lot, this is all about the front end, but this also has a lot to do with media buying. And John, right? I think you recently heard me say this, just, I mean, you know this already, you've known this, uh, but you heard me express this recently. Um, right?

There will be a couple of ideas on the front end that get the, excuse me, that get the lion's share of customers at, at any one time, right? Meaning, this is what's interesting about this is, and this is what I mean when I say think deeply about this. This goes back to John, like, right? You know, the, the, what we talked about different, you know, segments and whatnot. There are, there are ideas, there are themes, um, that, um, that will ultimately play out as the, you know, the part of the 80 20, right?

You could ultimately say, right? That like, you know, if you wanna, and I would say it's even a greater disparity than 80, than 80 20, but there will be some ideas that the 20% of ideas that will contribute 80% of the, the results, right? Like there are certain ideas over the course of a, a year over the course of a period of time that, right? That, um, ultimately will stand out as the biggies, the big contributors, right? So in other words, if you look at financial publishing, and we could just, just for the heck of it, we could do a little exercise and do this for another market.

But if you look at, um, if you look at, uh, financial publishing, right? So once crypto came along, things related to crypto initially, like the idea of crypto and what it was gonna do, and what it could do was huge, much bigger than ideas related to value investing or dividend stocks, right? Like common ideas. And so oftentimes in a market, there are these, uh, there are ideas or, you know, categories that come along that are a game changer if you look at, not just in financial, but take AI right now in the online marketing community, right? That is the big needle mover right now.

There is no other idea that is a bigger needle mover right now than ai. And, right? And you will find over time that there will be a couple of ideas that are the, that are ultimately responsible for the lion's share of acquisition at any given point. So it's not like the, the reality is, is that usually not all the time, but usually there are good ideas with, right? Like lots of good ideas, and then there are a small percentage of great ideas.

And oftentimes that small percentage of great ideas will generate significantly more than the big group of good ideas, if that makes sense. You still need the big group of, of good ideas, right? But you'll, you'll see like, it's, it's very similar to, you know, it's very similar to, like you've heard me say before, and I forget who first shared it with me years ago. Somebody else shared it with me, but they said, we're in the hit business. We're looking for the next hit.

We're like a record producer, right? You know that, right? Like, look, even musicians, they put out music, right? And oftentimes one song on an on an entire album will be huge, like will be huge. Sometimes it might be one song out of two albums that'll be, that'll be big and the others are duds.

But that one song, right, went to the top of the charts, you know, and is why people come out to, to their concerts and so on, right? Just like, you know, uh, um, movie producers, right? Not every, you know, like there's, there's these certain franchises, if you will, that are huge or certain movies, films that become huge. And often they, right? It's the small handful of big winners that make them the most money, that contribute the most amount of success.

That it's those tiny, tiny percentage of big winners that bring them more recognition, more success, more money than all of the other good, decent average, below average, above average, um, um, assets make. And so, uh, does that make sense? Like pretty straightforward, right? And so, right, ideally, right? If you really think about what Agora is often doing, because they're in, they're looking for the ideas that are gonna be the hits.

They're looking to identify what is the 20% right now of the ideas that'll produce the lion's share. And that's what they're looking for. Uh, and so part of that idea or timing, this is now just going onto another point, part of the, you know, the idea development, timing is right? Like, and we, we kind of talked about this, this is the way that they say it in financial. What are they buying now and what is coming that will affect what people buy in the future?

That's kind of interesting because right, if you, if you think about it, right, number one, it's right. They're, they're, they're always focused on, you know, something, a catalyst that is either happening now or is about to happen. They're not going back to what happened eight months ago or six months ago, it's now, or what's about to happen. But I also think that, right, it's interesting because right, like thinking about what is coming, this to me is just again, an interesting, when, when you, when you're, when you have thinking time and you're thinking about the market and thinking about new offers in the future and where we're going and, and gaps and opportunities, it's a great question to ask yourself, right? What do I think is coming in the market?

What change is coming in the market? What change is coming to maybe the FTC laws, technology, um, you know, software, um, opportunities, right? What's coming that will affect what people buy in the future? 'cause we know that what people, what people are gonna buy next year may be significantly different than what they're gonna buy next week, just because right? Technology might be wildly different.

So it might give us the ability to do things next year that we can't do right now that are not even, that's not even on our radar. But certainly understanding where we're heading by keeping your finger on the pulse of developments in, let's say technology that is being used by the marketplace that we serve, gives you at least the ability to start to contemplate and predict where that is going. Like I believe wholeheartedly because of AI and the, the, like, you can't even keep up with it anymore today. Like, right? The the systems that I saw that we were using, you know, with, with certain teams a month ago are now aren't, aren't the same versions of the systems that we're using today, because last week Claude rolled out agents and this one, right?

Like, like, you know, things that, you know, things that were novel and new are, are being like chopped at the below the knees because, right? Like software that you want, like, you know what I mean? Like, you think about Photoshop, pho, are you kidding me? Like Photoshop, like, that's ridiculous now. Like, have you seen the, what is it, nano banana or whatever it is from Google, like where some of these images are ridiculous.

They, they're unbelievable what you can do in mere seconds, like, and tweaks and changes and whatnot. You're not gonna need photos. Like point being, right? Where is it going? Videos, right?

You're not gonna need video. Like, you know, where, and so like opportunity to start to think about that and get out ahead, like of that, right? Like get out ahead of that. And so anything that, you know, either of you guys would add or, or ask as it relates to timing? I think it's pretty, I think we pretty, we drove this home pretty well.

Like timing is massive, right? Timing is massive. I think that like the most, obviously everything covered is a hundred percent on point, but the combination of the right idea and the right timing, I think like that's, if you look at, look back at all of the biggest campaigns, the biggest winners, either some of our own ones or other mark, other people's ones like it, you could say with near certainty, they had both of those elements. Yeah. Like they didn't have a home run campaign with just the right idea and bad timing.

It was the right idea and the right timing. And like anyone, anyone that's had their biggest campaign, you could hang your hat on and saying that they had both of those elements there. Because like you said, like you could have an amma amazing marketing, amazing messaging, messaging, the best ads, but if you have the wrong timing or if, and or it's like you're trying to, like you, you're going into a space, let's say for example, you're going into a space that's bloody red with competition versus when you capitalize on the timing of when it's, you're like, you're, it's a blue ocean, for example. Yeah. Like the timing there, it's, it's night and day.

But also when you combine that with the right idea as well and the right timing, I think that's the, the most important thing. And that, that last question there in terms of what they're buying and what, what they're going to be buying because of what they're buying now or because of what's coming. I think like that's, that gives people the right kind of context to be future pace and what they should be working on next, like for, yeah, I think that's Great. I, I think certainly I I love that John, that's like such, such great additions, you know, like I, I think you know as well, even just from a business perspective, a business model perspective, I think that that last question specifically the last part of what's coming, right? Like if you think about, you know, like, like, you know, the reason why Blockbuster video, right?

Right. Because they didn't anticipate what was coming in terms of streaming. Same with Kodak, Same with Kodak, exactly. With digital cameras and right then there are a string of companies like that, that just did not see, you know, the writing on the walls and or did not respond or, or, or they bet that no streaming wasn't gonna catch on or Kodak bet. No, everybody's gonna always want, you know, film and, and whatnot.

But there's just massive value in being able to, from a business perspective, strategy perspective as well as from a marketing perspective. I'll leave you with this. 'cause there's actually, you know, one more bullet and it's just kind of worth, you know, pondering, it kind of sums up their, their perspective on timing, right? In that they, they kind of look at it as, you know, attention arbitrage. That's what I had written down and right.

That is, you know, there is that, that really is all about timing because where they're, where the market's attention is right now is not necessarily where their attention is going to be in the future. And where their attention is now is not necessarily where their attention was six months ago. And so, like, we're ultimately trying to leverage that, and that is really all about, you know, all about timing. And so I think that, um, I think that that is, yeah, you're right John. I think that that is, um, just a super, a super smart way to look at it.

And I really think that what John, John really summed it up best when, when he really just said, it's like, right. It's, you know, it's, it is ideally what we, what we do want is we want right, great ideas, great copy at the right time, right? Like, but number one, it's gotta be the right time because wrong time, great copy, great idea, it's gonna, it's gonna falter. But if we've got right, like great idea, we, you know, we copy wrong, like right, we, we want all three, but timing has to be at the heart of that. And that's why I just think that if you just spend a little bit more time, no pun intended, thinking about timing right now, like is this idea, like is this the right time?

Is this the perfect time? Is this tapping into timing as almost part of the strategy of launching this idea in this campaign? I, I think that you'll like, by asking that and kind of thinking that through a little bit more, I think that we'll be able to spot opportunities that maybe we were just kind of taking for granted and hoping that this is the right time and maybe it's not. And so make sense? That's all she wrote for today.

And so, uh, appreciate you guys. And so that's it. I will see you guys, um, next week. And so thank you guys. Thanks.
