---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-11-08 17:31:33"
date: 2024-11-08
duration: 57m
duration_seconds: 3437
vimeo_id: 1027783153
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-11-08 17:31:33

**Date:** 2024-11-08 | **Duration:** 57m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, big guy? All right, can you hear me all right? I can, man. Can you hear me? Yes.

Although it's only coming through one channel. That's fine. Alright. All right. So what's shaking man?

What's going on? Oh, a whole bunch of stuff, brother. Um, Looking forward to hearing it, man. Bring it on. Yeah.

So, ooh, can I get the, I'm gonna add my fathom recorder to, this one should pop in in a second for you on your side. Okay, There you go. Okay. Yeah, so we had top one in the hot seats, and when I walked away with from, there was three initiatives or like plans of attack for the agency. One was hire more qualified writers.

Two would start utilizing AI to close some of the skill gap or automate some stuff. And three was select more deliberately select projects so that there's sort of like these nuances where I'm messing up or, 'cause that day, that day I had the hot, the hot seat, I don't know if you remember this. One of the clients, basically the guru got the promo and then was like, I'm gonna, and then he rewrote it over the weekend and said, I'm gonna use my version. Uh, so there's like four weeks, five weeks of work, and the client was like, really apologetic, like, I'm sorry, but he was like, this guy is like got, is super gun shy about compliance and wants to basically as soon as he at the gate, just right away, be like, by the way, trading's very dangerous. You can lose money.

And just like, so he didn't wanna use anything like ours that had any sort of promise or claims of like any future benefits. Um, so, uh, so yeah, that Just aside, real, real quick, just as aside, I'd kick myself if I didn't say it, but Right. Like, just, just, just for what it's worth, dude. Like, you know, like, and this is the way that I, that I would approach it. Like if that's a common thing, and I know we've talked before, you know, in the past about clients and changing copy and you're paid, you know, you're, a big chunk of your compensation is ba your, your fee is based on the performance of the actual promotion.

I would, if, if that was a common thing, dude, I would include some sort of rider in the agreement. Dude, that says that if they don't use, if they, I actually lost your audio here. I'm sorry. That's All right. Testing, testing.

Lemme try this again. Testing, testing, testing, testing, testing. Gotcha. I'm put you on a regular speakers for now. Okay.

I was just gonna say, dude, if that's a, if that's like a common thing that happens and I'm, what I'm sharing with you is kind of what I would be doing if it was my, if it was my agency. But if that is a common thing, dude, where you turn over copy and somebody makes wild changes to the copy, um, and a big part of your fee is based on the performance of the copy. I would build into my contracts a rider that addresses the fact that, like, that if you don't run my promo as is after we agree on like compliance, blah, blah, blah, and you change it, I am due X fee. Right? Because it's completely unfair that you agree to a fee that is largely based on the performance and then you turn it over to somebody and they make wild changes.

And so like, look, I'd give them the freedom to make wild changes if that's what they want. But then you're gonna get paid an additional fee because of that, because that's not another words, right? Like, you run my copy, um, I know what my copy can produce, I'm willing to get X fee upfront and then X amount per buyer or whatever it is, right? But if you, if I turn it over and you wanna completely rewrite it, change it, make any, make adjustments that are more than 5% of the copy, let's just say, right, then this rider kicks in and I'm due X fee. I would consider something like that for sure if this is a common issue, but continue, man.

Yeah, I would say if it was a common issue, but I would, you know, luckily this is like the first time we've had something like that where someone was just, oh, okay. So, um, but this has been a problem client that, you know, if we want to say like the obstacle is the way kind of, you know, be grateful for these challenges or look at it as a silver lining. Like this client has taught me a lot about setting boundaries, uh, how to collect payment, um, okay. All these little things that we're talking about here that I've never had to consider 'cause I've, in, in my whole career, I've never had these issues. But, um, the reason I brought that up was because one of the reasons why that went so like that, that that whole project was a mess and then it was a large part of it was sort of thing that was a thrust upon me.

I actually talked to this guy like a couple, like two days ago and I was like, Hey man, I want us to get back on the same page, get ramped up for the next project. The next project is right up my alley. I even said like, Hey, let's forget about, you know, that last project, and if I'm being honest, uh, I'll, I'll take the blame for that because it wasn't really our thing anyway. It was a, uh, a trade room that they wanted to market for $5 and they wanted to, it was a live trade room five days a week for $5. They wanted to go to cold traffic of make money on liners, not even traders.

And then it was like a biz op, and then they wanted it to be like a glorified order form. Like, like it's $5 live trading, no brainer offer. Just be like, just make the offer. And I'm like, that's not really what I do. But it was what they really wanted to push at that, that time.

And so all of it was wrong. It doesn't really fit into my, my wheelhouse. And then they were like, well, since it's only gonna be like a couple pages, you could probably do this in like a week or two, right? And I'm like, that's also not what I'd do. So, um, that was kinda what I was saying, but that does not, that's like just an example.

But, so back to the main point was hire more qualified writers, they can require less supervision, use AI to bridge some of those gaps. And then the third thing was screen more feverishly for right, what project we're gonna do. So I actually did a outreach, if you will, which was me just sending out a bulleted list to like two or three people and saying, Hey, I'm looking for a rules-based, system driven options trading, swing trading strategy that's at least, you know, once a week or, or more rapid. And we're looking for a price point over a thousand dollars and uh, we're ready to start immediately. And I got one reply, I got, well, I got all replies, but, so two people weren't ready.

Um, and so I started with this other group and so far it's, uh, the project work is going better, um, because we know exactly what we're gonna write for and how to write that promo, that style of promo. I've been working with Paul on simplifying like our, our research and original, like getting a kickoff of a project with some of his AI stuff. And, uh, I have an operations manager now finally got an integrator who helped me build out like dates, due dates for the writers on when certain pieces are due. And so I've got two projects that just started that flow and it definitely feels really clean and it feels really like we know what we're doing next and when it's due. So those are like my major updates.

Like I sort of just turning the ship steadily into a more systematic process. And one of the big things was quit saying yes to everything when someone like shakes a dollar bill at me and just be like, these are the, these are the areas where, these are the projects where I generate the most wealth and I wanna do those projects. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

And so, good man. So, you know, so you're, you're making progress in the, in the business in terms of systemization, but let's go through, can we, can we actually go through the, the three things that you took away from top one? And let's go one at a time. So let's start with though, let's start with the AI since you, you mentioned that. Uh, and so tell me a little bit about, just gimme a kind of a quick overview of like, so what have you implemented, whether it's from Paul or, or Teddy, like where are you at right now with using AI to streamline things?

Okay, so I haven't implemented anything yet. Um, okay. We're still like, so me and Paul are feeding back. I'm feeding him like transcripts of what we have kickoff calls. And the kickoff call is to help us understand what the project's theme and investment thesis is gonna be about.

'cause every guru's gonna be a little different. So it allows a writer. 'cause like at Agora, one of the problems was what I call Googling the internet, which was like the writer had to like generate this big idea to thin air with no guidance and often zero conversation with the guru. My system and strategy requires knowing how the guru wants to trade and what their system is, and then coming up with like a cool metaphor or gimmick for that. So you have to have like some direction.

So Paul has already begun taking the transcripts and then my beats of a sales letter, which are my catalyst force of nature, mechanism, problem, cred, and uh, what I call a winter section. So all those sections. And he started turning that into, if I submit the kickoff call where I ask all the questions, the AI will sort of figure out what major focus for each section of copy. But it's far from doing much beyond that. We talked yesterday, no, this morning I responded to him, he's asking like, well what, what bridges do we, what gaps do we need to bridge still?

And I was like, there are two, the first one is the research. So like this points the writer in which direction to research, but they still have to find case studies, demonstrations, and examples. It's different in financial publishing 'cause I gotta find something current and it's always moving. So it's always a moving target. I gotta find some new stuff to demonstrate what we're talking about that they would recognize.

So it has to be somewhat topical. Then this, this first part is the case studies and research getting that all together. So if you look at that, part one is understanding the overall guru thesis and getting that categorized. Part two is now we gotta do the research to find how we're gonna prove this case out. And then part three is taking that and turning it into a sales letter.

So I told Paul, like, I'm not, I'm not totally sold on AI doing the research 'cause there's too many instances of AI making s**t up when you ask it questions. So I was saying, but the third thing could be really game changing. Let the writer find the case studies, research and demonstrations, get that maybe into a bulleted format or something that we can input into the AI and the ai. Take the beats, the rules of the beats, the research and turn it into, I'm fine with the rough draft, like just even broken English, like it's all in the right order. We'll go through and fix it.

But I was, those are, that's where I'm heading with it right now as of like 10:00 AM this morning. I sent him that message. Okay. Very cool man. And so, you know, I would, so, okay, so I think that that's good.

Sounds like a great, a great plan. Um, I wouldn't be afraid, dude, to just take little pieces of the process and start to leverage ai. So like, you don't have to have, you don't have to wait until you have a complete, you know, AI driven system. Like even if you could use AI to do the offer section, um, or you know, or something like that, I would start to just bring in pieces because every little piece should speed up the time that it takes you to, to, um, create a, a promo. And so it sounds like you're moving in the right direction.

Just don't make the mistake that I've made before, which is waiting until you have a complete system to start to implement. Because every little piece dude will just increase, um, efficiency. Just as a total aside, have you played around at all for research with perplexity? Mm-Hmm. What's that?

So you should definitely put perplexity on your list only because it is ai, but it gives you the source. So online, It's funny, that's something I mentioned to Paul today. I said one of the big problems is in financial publishing, any claim we make, I have to have a URL source. Yeah. So perplexity.ai, um, and it's great for this kind of stuff.

'cause like I said, it gives you the source material and so you can, you know, rather than just relying on cha PT to spit stuff out and not knowing whether it's legit or not, this is gonna give you the source. Yeah. Should I mention that to Paul? Like does he know about perplexity? Uh, I, I think he does, but yeah, you sure.

You, you certainly should. Sure. Okay. I'm gonna go ahead and type that over to him. Okay.

Okay. And so how about now, excuse me. The, we talked a little bit about, um, the, uh, like choosing choosing projects and I know like, so choosing projects and, you know, part of that was, and I'm just curious if you thought of about this at all or if this is totally like a no, a no go, but we, you and I have had a discussion before about like, look, you know, uh, financial copy is, you know, it's shark infested waters, right? Like you need to be a beast, right? Like you to get stuff done in financial.

And so like, it makes it that much harder, right? For you to get people up to, up to speed. But as I've personally experienced in other markets, besides the shark infested ones, you know, B level copy, you know, sometimes even c level copy can get the job done really well, right? Like in the case of, you know, wealth with God, with Jim Bakker, like it's baffling to me that that business does what it does with the, with the quality of the copy Up to this point, it's baffling to me absolutely baffling. And so is there any consideration or are you willing to entertain any consideration for opening yourself up to non-financial copy?

Yeah, so there's two things. I'm moving with that and both kind of moving in tandem. One is moving into the dating coach space. Um, I think if you come in with a mechanism, some sort of like attraction system, I also know that this is a place with like this, this space has a lot. Like there's, I know a guy who works at bad marketing just signed this guy named Coach Kyle, who lives in Brickell, Florida.

And that guy has close to a million Instagram followers. He's done a really good job of moving the message from pickup, like the word pickup is a dirty word. Um, cold approach is a dirty word 'cause it skeezy seems like harassing this kind of stuff. He's done a really good job of turning it into confidence with women, like that kind of thing. Yeah.

And sort of walking that line where it's like not, it's more about just being social and being like a confident man and being self-assured. And I think he's done a pretty good job of that. But it does show with the right messaging, there's hot demand. The problem, I think a lot of it is no one wants to be associated with it. No one wants to have, it's like when you go to a Nudie bar and you print the receipt, it says like, Al's Steakhouse, it doesn't say, you know, dirty Nudie bar in the receipt.

So, um, I think it's kind of like that. But yes, I have a partnership with Ultimate Man Project, and that's two parts. One is trying to get out of financial Two is some of my clients do sort of frustrate me and I've found myself sort of wanting for a publisher relationship more. And so with the Ultimate Man Project, this is a good opportunity because they have a YouTube channel with like 20,000, 21,000 followers or viewers. They have a small mastermind with like a couple hundred people at, uh, $70 a month, but they have no marketing and no like copy, no, no real funnels.

They just kind of get on YouTube or on their own little private or free groups and say, Hey, buy our stuff, buy our stuff, buy our stuff. So I have a deal with him right now for this new product launch that we're gonna go 50 50, he's gonna build the product and fulfill it, and I'm going to build the funnels and emails and go high level and create a automation. And it's my first step putting my toe in the waters of a publisher, not full fledged sort of like a JV right now. Like we're doing Colau, he's providing a a current existing list. I'm gonna provide marketing and ways that we can maybe reach outside of that.

And so I am very interested in like, copy Squad not being, you know, the agency is a copywriting agency and it's one skill or one piece, but my vision for like Copy Squad is it's a publisher that publishes and owns brands where Copy squad would be one brand. It's like Agora Businesses owns Agora Financial Copy Squad will own Copy Squad, and then Copy Squad will own Ultimate Man project. And anybody else who's kind of middling at at having a decent following that we can, and I see this happening, like bigger level will be like bad marketing. Um, it's not a publisher, but like I know that they're picking up a lot of these massive YouTube or some real nut balls, like some whack job weirdo alpha male guys. But they have, like, they're making with no, no sales funnel or anything like that set up, they're making like a million a month, uh, just from sheer YouTube outrage and reach.

Um, so they see the, they see the big money pot and they're jumping in. Uh, but yeah, I think I'd like to start moving towards, uh, the dating coach. My big thought here is where we're heading in the future, this whole loneliness epidemic, the whole screens problem, the whole getting frustrated with dating apps, um, and the, just a lack of connection. I think we're heading in the direction of the problem to solve, uh, in the future will be the relationships problem and connections problem. And so I'm gonna go, I'm gonna place a bet on dating coaches being like a big space in the future for these completely dissociated kids who haven't been on computers and TikTok their whole lives and never talked to another human being.

Yeah. Well, so, uh, I love it, man. I love hearing, you know, first and foremost the, the, the, you know, it, it certainly sounds like the, the basic question of are you open to stuff outside of financial is obviously yes. And I think that that's super smart because I think that what you're gonna find, Kyle, you might not realize it right now, but your method of writing copy can be replicated in any market, right? And so where your mind tends to go to financial, and there might be some things that are a little bit kind of, I don't wanna say easier in financial, there's different opportunities in financial because things are constantly changing.

But your overall copy methodology dude would carry over flawlessly to any marketplace. And so I think also that, that it would allow writers on your team that aren't necessarily prepared to write financial copy on their own, to write copy in these, in these other markets. And so, uh, I think that that's super smart, you know, if and when the time comes that you're really, uh, serious about having this kind of publishing, you know, mini publishing empire Mini, mini Agora, we'll, we'll talk more because that's, I I absolutely love that model and there are some nuances, man, that to build in that'll make it wildly, you know, wildly profitable for you, man. And so, like, when the time comes, dude, I I I love that you just need to, what I would tell you is that we just need to continue to get you better at the structure of the right, like nail the nail the process and the structure for one so that it can be replicated with others so that you're not, like when you take on another client, if you're, if you don't have a system now, it, it's gonna turn chaotic very quickly. And so, uh, you know, we wanna continue to work on the structure and the, the, the system and whatnot.

Yeah. Uh, and um, okay. And so what we, we talked about the ai we talked about, what about the, um, and we talked about choosing, you know, uh, the projects, you know, wisely. What about we, we talked a little bit about, um, recruiting, you know, copywriters and we entertain the idea of potentially trying to recruit, you know, players and seeing, kind of gimme an idea of kind of where your head is at with that and what it is that you've done thus far. Yeah.

Um, I'm, I'm in a bit of a, I'm sort of in this sort of wait and see mode right now, which is I would, if I'm gonna recruit a Michael Jordan, I don't want him to come in while I'm figuring s**t out. Okay? Uh, I want him to come in like, I've got two people going through our new flow. Uh, me and Paul are working out the kinks around this some way to leverage AI to make this go even faster. I wanna see the results of these experiments because if they're colossal failures for some reason, I don't want someone walking into a dumpster fire who's expensive and probably not has a high tolerance for b******t.

You know, like, probably doesn't wanna come into some sort of, uh, rinky dink operation. Uh, so I wanna see also, another important thing is capital. We are about to have three projects running, of which I'm writing none. And that'll be a first time since I started this. So if that's cool, because if I'm writing none, then I can always jump in, right?

I'm, I have the flexibility to jump in and save, put out fire, stuff like that. Uh, one of the big problems is there'd be two going on and I'd be writing a third and I'd be sort of like underwater. So other two, sometimes it would just be on hold, just be on pause waiting for me to finish. Like what I, or what happened on my last one was my project ended up taking, uh, three months because there was a month or so where I was only working on Laura's project because it was just a disaster. So I ended up not working on mine at all for a whole month.

Um, but now I see with the three, all this leverage that opens up and it would be the most money we've ever made. So this is important because if this works, it, like I've said before, if we are averaging two clients at a time, sometimes three, well, to get to four or six clients would double my, my lifestyle, right? And that's not a big ask as that's like my waiting list. Like I don't have to go deep to get those. So if I can get this to work with three where it's not all me.

And what's really cool is if they do work every time we have a successful rep, I now have a stronger writer. They level up every time they put out, they go through this, this system, and they go through the process. So it only gets smoother if I can hold onto someone long enough and they actually put the work in and level themselves up. So the answer to the recruiting thing is I feel like if I get on the other side of this and we're successful, and so the other side of this is in about four weeks, and if we're successful with all this, then I'll have a little bit more of a war chest to play with where I won't be like putting myself in the red to bring on top talent. Um, I'll have a little bit more of a sense of what like, Hey Tom Brady, here's our system and how it works and here's our expectations and here's how it's gonna look for you.

And I can kind of be there and help them. Like if I can do it with these guys who are like, if it's level one to five, I'm working with like a level one, a level 1.5, and a level one. If I can get these guys to completion with a project, with the system, bringing in a three, um, should be just like colossally easier and so much smoother. Someone who's had a lot of experience can come up with their I own ideas. I'm not trying to feed them.

I have this problem, explain this a little aside, I have a problem. I call it big daddy Kyle problem. And that is where anything that I shoot off randomly finds its way into the promo as if it was law. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. I was just throwing that out as an idea, right?

Like I had a copyright, like how do I prove that? And I was like, dude, that was just like some s**t I set off the top of my head sort of get the ideas going and it's like, yeah, but big daddy Kyle said it, so it must be like the perfect copy thing and it's gotta go in there, it's gonna sell a million. I'm like, no, dude, I wouldn't even support, I was literally just rambling off idea after idea after idea. So, um, I need someone who has a little bit of experience can take those little cues and be like, Ooh, that gives me an idea, and then run with it. That would be really great.

Okay. Okay. So look, I love everything that you said, man. I think that it, that it's smart. The only thing that I would add in is give yourself a deadline, man.

When, when like, in other words, don't, don't have this perpetual, like when we're ready, when I feel like we're ready, we're gonna do the recruiting. Give yourself a deadline, right? And, and, and give yourself a deadline. And also give yourself some, some sort of, uh, objective criteria for whether you feel like, okay, we accomplished it or not. Like, try not to go based on just mere gut feeling of like, yeah, we're ready to bring this person in.

Because not just for you, but certainly for you in particular, you're gonna mentally you're gonna convince yourself that you're not ready. And so deadline and some sort of objective criteria that you can look at and say, yeah, we're okay, that proves that we're ready to bring somebody in. Like it's not a mess. It's not a thum or fire, so to speak. Um, and then do it right?

Because like, look, dude, you, you just said to me there should be no greater motivator for you dude than the fact that you said, right? We add two clients, whatever your lifestyle doubles, right? And you've got a waiting list. And so like, my gosh, dude, that's like, people are telling you, I I wanna give you money and you just have to get things in place to be able to do that. Well, I would be like, I would work nonstop to get those things in place.

Like I would do what I gotta do to get those things in place because they're waiting to give you money and people aren't gonna wait forever. And so I would do what you've gotta do, man, to get the money, take the money, Yeah. And, uh, we, you know, I guess, and to bring it all full circle, we finally have like, um, a means a means of achieving that we, we have a plan. Yeah. And so I think, uh, looking towards the end of these two projects that are now going in, and then the third one that's starting soon, um, again, if all those are going, they're going without my, my absolute writing it.

Um, but, but maybe some handholding and guidance, uh, at the end of that I would, and then I think the AI stuff is gonna come into play. Like I just kind of feel like we just keep building it, it's gonna come into play. Like I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna stress over that because right. 'cause what the AI does is it takes my system, I have to first make the system, it takes blocks of the system and it does it automatically. So the first thing to do is get the system established so that we can assign certain blocks to the ai.

But first we need a regimented and established system that is followable by a human who's competent. Right? Right. Okay. Alright.

So good man. So I'm proud, I'm proud of you. I'm proud that you didn't lose sight of these, you know, of the three things like that. There's been progress made on those three things. Uh, and so yeah, I'm proud of you for that, man.

And so what else? So tell me a little bit about strange way to kind of back into this, but how are you, how are you feeling overall about the trajectory of the business right now? Right now, I would say as of yesterday morning, I felt really optimistic because I had my first beats meeting with Laura and it wasn't a disaster. Like she knew what kind of research she needed based on the kickoff call. She knew what we were trying to achieve with the project.

And when she showed up the, it wasn't pristine. Like for instance, her problem was, uh, the problem with buy and hold is you're sitting ducks in the market. And so our system, uh, fixes that by getting in and getting out fast. Okay. And I was like, yeah, but think about this.

Our system is an algorithm that detects patterns over the past 2,500 days and then uses that to predict tomorrow's open within 40 cents on the spy. And so instead of saying we're sitting ducks, if we buy and hold, why don't we make it closer to our mechanism of saying, you know, patterns become far less stable and predictable the longer term timeframe. And our system solves for that by, we place the trade at end of day and we close at the open the next day. So we minimize the options and black swan events and volatility that could occur by tightening this window. So hers was very vague and generic and like, oh, we're sitting ducks if you buy and hold, so we don't buy and hold.

And I was like, no, no, no. Our thing is a pattern predicting algorithm and it, and it minimizes the amount of time that, you know, variability could occur. And so like that was the kind of work I was doing, which, uh, made me feel really good because I'm not like, what the, why would this be the problem, Laura? Like, I didn't have to do that whole thing. Like why would, where would you even come up with that?

Like, I hate when I have to say that. Like, it has nothing to do with anything we discussed. So I've had that conversation. And uh, so when I saw that she was on the right track for like the first time, like every piece was like, she understood the pieces, she understood the rules of each section, and she was on the right track, and all I had to do was like, nudge her in the correct direction. Yeah.

It gave me a lot of hope that she'll be able to approach those sections intelligently. And, and then we also have a deadline for when the stuff is due back, like what she's supposed to do next and when it's coming back, which is also new. So you're asking like, how do I feel all of these things fix a lot of the little problems or are signs that we are fixing a lot of the issues that cause all this frenetic system and unpredictability in the business. And so in general, for the agency, 'cause right now our focus is just the agency, uh, I feel like that is moving. I can say like after yesterday, oh wow, we're definitely doing something better.

It felt cleaner, smoother, and we're heading in the right direction. Okay, good. Okay. You know, it, it, it's cur I'm curious, and I don't wanna take up too much time, uh, for you talking about this, but may, it may be helpful, but I'm, I'm just curious of, of the process that you use with these, with your copywriters, whether it's the process that you use or the process that you teach them to use to develop, to develop the kind of the structure of the campaign so that they, they can't, they're never in, in a position to come back with something wild and completely off the mark. Like, I'm, I'm just one, like, I wanna show you something, but I'm gonna show you something, but I gotta pause the video because gee, okay.

So, um, one thing that I'm thinking about here is I had this project right now, we kind of got it back on track, but the problem was the, I call it the investment thesis. Maybe I got that from you, but I was like, what's the investment thesis? He kept saying like, ai, uh, here's the, the lowdown. Sam Altman just removed the team. That job was to keep AI chained from exceeding human intelligence and he fired the team and he is gonna go all in, let AI be unleashed, right?

Basically like, go nuts. This is gonna cause a wave of tech disruptions that's gonna make people rich. And I was like, that's cool. But then whenever he started to write his lead, I was like, this is all made up garbage. You just keep saying tech disruption's gonna make people rich, gonna make people, I was like, I need something concrete and real.

I think what I, what I was trying to tell 'em was like, you need an actual investment thesis to this tech disruptions label saying like, tech disruptions are gonna make people rich. You need to actually tell me or have an, an idea in mind or where you would actually invest. Um, so I think one of the things that was missing is he didn't know beyond like the simple, like if AI goes nuts, it's gonna open up a bunch of new tech op opportunities for investment, but he didn't know what people needed to believe. What I would call those is the dominoes. I say, well, once this happens, what are the dominoes that fall that open up new opportunities?

And I was like, you need to gimme each of the dominoes and explain it. Uh, and I just have trouble. 'cause again, like the people that I'm working with oftentimes are extremely green. So they don't even have like a frame of reference when I say some of this stuff, which I tell 'em is, read more promos, read more promos, read more promos. And I don't, yeah, But see, so let me, let me just chime in for one second.

'cause I think this is how I would, uh, this is so, and look, I think that this is good, right? Um, for you and for the team to have this discussion, but so especially for people that are green, Kyle, like what you wanna do as their copy coach, you know, their, their copy chief is you wanna try to go from the, um, from like abstract feedback to, uh, to categories and compartments for them. What I mean by that is, so like, is, so take what you just said about the investment thesis, right? And so I would, right, so number one, I would like document, I would write down like, first of all, like, what is the investment thesis? Like what do you mean when you say investment thesis?

What do you mean? Like what, what is an investment thesis? And just wr write that down right now, if that's part of the process that they have to go through in your methodology is, number one, they have to identify the investment thesis then, right? You wanna give them as much instruction for what is an investment thesis and how do you know when you have an investment thesis and how do you know when you have a sound like investment thesis, right? Sound compelling, whatever you, however you, you label it in your, me in your methodology so that they can start to, rather than you say like, that's not good enough, or that's off the mark, right?

You would be able to say like, what is your, what is your investment thesis, right? And does it meet this criteria that show me, explain to me how you think it meets this criteria. And that's how they'll, that's how you take, you know, like, right? You can't take a green person and say, that's not a big idea, right? Like, because they don't even know what an idea is half of the time they don't get that, right?

And so this is why like, we, this is an ordinary idea. Here's what we mean by ordinary idea. Here's how you could know if you have an ordinary idea, this is a big idea. This is the criteria for a big idea. Here's how you know that when you've got a big idea, our aim is we wanna identify the ordinary idea first, and then we, we, we turn it into a big idea.

How do we turn it into the, to a big idea? What are the steps involved? What do we do? And then, right. How do we know that we, we've nailed it.

And so you wanna start to create those kind of categories and labels, categories and labels. So that, right, you're not talking in the abstract, like, that's not good enough, or that's too vague or that blah blah, blah. Like to me, in the investment, the investment thesis that you shared about how this, you know, freeing of AI is going to unlock or create massive disruption in the tech industry and make people substantially wealthy. To me, one of the things that is immediately missing from that is specificity, right? And so see how like, right, like part of your criteria of an investment thesis after it's defined can be like, there needs, you need specificity.

What that means is a specific investment, you know, an a specific investment, a stock, an equity of a, a, you know, a sector, whatever it may be. However, however, like right? However you would teach them to go from vague and general to specific you would build in there, right? This is where like, you know, it, it's, you know, it is like, for you, dude, it's almost like this dude, one of the, one of the best ways for you to think about this is like if you, you're creating a franchise. You, you have a methodology for delivering the burgers and the fries and the, and the, and the coke.

And now you're bringing in other franchise owners who, who have to be able to run the business on their own. Well, they need to know all the details. Like, you can't just say, you gotta put out good burgers, or you gotta put out, you gotta cook the fries fully. Or no, this doesn't taste good. They need the, the methodology.

So when you're thinking about the process, you have to think about it as I'm creating the franchise manual for them to follow. And oftentimes you can't be too specific, too detailed, right? In that manual rather than, again, you know, it's, it's not just this, no, this is too vague that they're not the, for somebody who's green, they don't know what not being vague looks like in this world. And so you gotta give them the criteria. You gotta give labels to things.

So this part is the, is the investment thesis. This is an ordinary or basic investment thesis. This is the thesis, these are the criteria that this investment thesis needs to meet. Like turn it into your algorithm, Kyle's algorithm, extract it from your head and document it. Mm-Hmm.

And then eventually over time you'll be able to, you'll be able to put it into some sort of AI to really streamline the process. But that has to begin with the documentation of those things. Yeah. That is actually something. So what we've done is we've broken up week by week when it comes to making projects.

And I've even gone down to day by day, which is day one, you're gonna research the mechanism. Day two, you've even researched the force of nature. Day three, problem four, catalyst five, guru. And I give you an entire day to look at one thing, which things like the guru section. Just sit there and see, just get as much information as you can.

And a lot of times, yeah, so Like, hang, hang on one sec, one sec. So when you say, like, like on day one, when you say research the mechanism, is there boundary? Like do they know what that mean? Like do they know what even they should be looking for? Yeah, So, okay, good.

In, I would say two things. One in general, there are general rules that we cover weekly on each of these sections. I go back over every, every week I do a sales letter breakdown and every week they hear the rules reinforced. But the thing I was sort of getting at was like, what I've done is I've opened up an entire day for something that might take two to three hours. And so that way you have like this wide window.

But the other thing that I've done is I've basically said, this is the flow, but by the end of the week, I really don't care so much what order you move through, as long as by the end of the week all these things are done. And the other thing is that the next thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pick each of those items 'cause there's a general written up guidelines, but I think I'm gonna do like a recording of the rules, like me explaining what a mechanism is, what sort of things like in the mechanism section, don't just write, here's the three steps or the three criteria or the three green lights that you need before you can go and or make a trade. But for instance, the mechanism section should also feature things like why the NSBE emotions, how is it new? How is it easier? How is it safer?

How is it make a big impact in your, in your life? How is it deliver amazing results? Superior results would be like a word that you would use for the big emotion. Um, that should all go under the mechanism section. Yeah.

Uh, we should know in the force and nature section, the opportunity section. I don't just wanna know, it's more tech disruptions. I wanna know all the pros, the cons, the dangers. Uh, so for instance, one of my promos was about business development companies as an investment. And so I went to Schwab, I went to Investopedia.

I went to like all these regular boring encyclopedias of investments. I looked up business development companies as an asset class. And I, I listed all the pros and all the cons and I said, well, the pros are good 'cause they're pros. The cons are good. 'cause they're not gonna say, why you can't just run out and buy any old company.

You better use me. 'cause these cons are listing all the dangers of running into this blindfolded. Uh, so they need to know like, these are the things that you wanna be looking for in a, in a force of nature section. So yeah, the catalyst, why now, why now needs to be a specific thing. It should definitely be topical and it's gotta be the thing that sets it in motion.

Either if it's an opportunity, like the AI thing, the catalyst needs to be Sam Altman just did the thing that's a catalyst for opportunity. A catalyst for a mechanism promo, which would be more akin to like green light goes, you take a trade, it's a lot closer to the E five, uh, sort of mechanism based promo. The catalyst for those is something in the market's just triggered that'll make these opportunities more lucrative or more frequent. Someone just turned on a spigot, someone just lowered interest rates. Someone just made a political, uh, agenda or announcement or policy, and all of a sudden we're gonna see more green light ghost signals.

We're gonna see the green light ghost signals become even more valuable than ever. Uh, and they're gonna only take off from here. So yeah. So these are all the little rules. I'm reciting them to you, but I need to get them down so that I can be like, did you choose something topical?

You know, this is an opportunity promo. Did you choose something? Did you, did you choose something that'll make these regular weekly trades more valuable or more frequent or easier to find? Like if you didn't, then you didn't follow the rules and you picked a poor catalyst or just didn't do your job. Yeah.

Yeah. IIII dig it. That, that reminds me, man. Did I, did I ever share with you? So, so, uh, when we were in, um, Puerto Rico guys cop copywriters had this unique mechanism mastermind and they created a, like valdo was there, um, they created a unique mechanism scorecard.

And I don't agree with everything that's on this scorecard, but did I, did I ever share that with you? I don't remember seeing it. It sounds like. Okay, so hang on. Love To check out out.

So yeah, so I'm gonna paste this in here. You cannot share this with anybody. Uh, you cannot share this with anybody. Okay. Okay.

But I, but I might be able to take ideas and adapt it to my system. Yeah. I mean, look, I don't agree with everything in here. This is a little bit of, of a different approach than I take. These are guys that are really kind of like, these are and great copywriters, like you would know almost everybody in the room.

Um, uh, their, their approach is a little bit different 'cause they're kind of like creating unique mechanisms rather than unearthing them or exposing them from there, right? But this, uh, and there's some anato annotations on here from, um, from me. But enjoy, I think that this'll, you know, this is, you'll enjoy it, you'll appreciate it. Just don't share it. 22 pages on a mechanism, Well, you'll see they give like examples.

They give, you know, their what the, this is what these guys kind of look for. Like I said, I don't agree with everything. There's stuff that I don't, you know, like I'm, that I'm not a fan of, like when they talk about the naming of it and, and things like that. But you'll, you'll appreciate it. Enjoy it.

Um, this is what was put together from this gathering of copywriters just talking about the unique mechanism for the day. Yeah, I really like this. I just stopped on this one. Are there any demonstrative proof elements? So in each of my speak to the sales letter system, I am like, you can't just tell me every one of these.

If you gimme proof points, I need to, I need you to be able to visually express it on screen. Um, I almost want them to start writing these things out as a slide deck, a PowerPoint where it's like, you gotta do it with pictures. Um, how would you build a slide deck if you couldn't just have a text slide deck? Yeah. Uh, so I love this right here, like right outta the gate.

It's something like, I try to say, um, maybe this will help me explain it better, but yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, I mean it's interesting. I mean, look, you know, things like look, you could see on the, on the, on the document like, is the name of your mechanism memorable, right? That obviously goes, you know, like I don't, you know, I don't necessarily think that that, uh, at all is that important, but this again, is just a way that they think about a lot of these guys.

Um, think about it. And so I, I found it, um, I found it interesting. I have a note here 'cause I know, I think, correct me if I'm wrong, you sort of like to lean towards a technical sounding mechanism. Yeah, Correct. Okay.

I, I like, what I like to really say, the way I like to say it is, is that I like to lean towards a legit sounding mechanism. Not some, like, in other words, meaning something that, like in your case, in the financial space, something that you could see talked about in the Wall Street Journal or the Financial Times, or by a respected analyst rather than something that sounds commercial or sounds like, you know, somebody named it that, to make it sound better. So I'll give you something to chew on. 'cause this is something that I came to like in the past, like week and a half or two. Just, I like the idea of a hybrid model where the mechanism is commercial and flashy.

So for instance, shadow Blitz is by far my selling it mechanisms. Shadow Blitz is more of a force of nature. When a shadow blitz occurs, you can get rich. 'cause I have a Blitz alert that finds Shadow blitzes. Um, so what we're, we just did a breakdown that really it's from Wealth Press.

My old writers wrote this, and it's a multimillion dollar sales letter about this thing called Platform X. And so Platform X is a sort of gimmicky mechanism name for this system of finding Momentum trades. What they did was they have like three, you know, 1, 2, 3, and the mechanism, like the mechanism is three things. What I think they did that was clever that I'm gonna start doing more deliberately is I'll have a flashy name for the mechanism. However, each of the systems working inside of my mechanism will be very technical.

I like it. So they had a multi timeframe confirmation for Momentum was like system one, price acceleration indicator is system two, but they all make up Platform X. Got it. Which is like this very catchy sort of, I I dig that. That I, I I like that.

I think that that's smart. That's a, that's, you know, I, I, I dig it. And I think too, you know, what I, what I will say is that there are, you know, like there are, you know, like a shadow blitz you said, right? Shadow blitz. Like, to me, that doesn't se like, it sounds like you could, it could be a new term, you know, uh, uh, uh, or a new title introduced into, you know, um, but if it was like, you know, something as cheesy as like, you know, profit maximization or something stupid like that, like that's over the line.

It's crossed over the line into something that sounds commercial, but to me, shadow Blitz has a cool vibe, cool feel, but it is also something that I could say, right? We're now seeing these new, you know, what are, what's being referred to as, you know, shadow blitzes in the market that, like, to me, I could hear somebody saying that. And so it's better than a pure technical name, but it doesn't cross that line into, nah, this sounds ridiculous. Yeah. I'll give you one more example was the burn notice.

I remember burn notice was the trade, it was like the event that I wanted to use, just like shadow Blitz. And the writer on the project who I was copy Chiefing really didn't wanna use burn notice. He's like, well, how will they know it's a trade? What should I call it? Like a burn notice trade or a burn notice profit trade.

And I was like, burn notice, profit trade. Yeah, dude, no, just call it a burn notice when a burn notice happens. It's this phenomenon that's always repeating in the markets. Anyway, I, I fought and won on that one. I basically pulled the copy chief card, like, bro, trust me, like I burn notice.

Profit trades is not what you wanna say. You wanna just say burn notice. Um, and then we got a multimillion dollar launch off of that one too. So that was a good one. But yeah, it's like this cool thing that's happening in the markets called the burn notice is causing, uh, stocks to plummet and then pop back up the next morning.

It's crazy. It's so predictable, it's wild, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, no, I dig it. I, I like it. I think that you're super smart for finding that kind of middle ground.

You said the high, you know, hybrid approach. I like it. And I think that that's, you know, I think that that's super smart. I think what a lot of these guys sometimes do is they lean in favor of a fancy pants name, not realizing that the, the slicker the name sounds the lower the level of perceived credibility with it. And so, for me, the mo, I just want people to believe that there is a legitimate mechanism behind this, a mechanism that they haven't, you know, experienced before.

And so it's far less for me about like, you know, making it a memorable name to me. I don't think that a memorable name convinces anybody to, to, to buy, but I like your approach, man. Touche. And so, um, what else? Is there anything else, ma'am, that I can, I can help you with?

Like, I, I, I think that you're moving in the right direction. We talked about deadline on the, you know, on the, the, the, the systems. Like, I think deadlines are gonna be a good thing for you, dude, because I don't want you to just continue to do things into perpetuity. Is there anything else, man, that is on your mind? Nah, I think, uh, again, I think one big thing, I, I try to do both.

I try to do the, the info pub and the agency and simplifying, because now that I'm simplifying into just the agency, it's actually the complexity. Now, there's a certain number of complex things you can do, I guess. And so the complexity before was trying to do two things. Now, when I'm simplifying on the agency, my complexity can be all of two, three things inside the agency, which gives me more, um, more impact really, if that makes sense. You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, yeah. So by simplifying, I can actually have more complexity in the agency in a good way where I can actually handle and attack more, address more issues than just like, keep the agency alive, keep the info pub alive. Those were like my two tasks, you know? Uh, so that has, it's like I didn't all of a sudden get all this free time. I just got I the ability to dive deeper on tasks and stuff inside of one, uh, arena.

So I'm doing that and it's starting to move, like we've talked about in the right direction. Um, I'm, I'm just having patience for the process because I can see the signs that it's heading the right way. And so I'm just not gonna do, I'm, you know, trying to avoid the mistake of trying to do everything at once and have it all perfect, just piecemeal, fix this, get the beats in place, build the rules for the beats, have deadlines for the beats. Then move on into like, well, can we start to, uh, outsource some of this to AI and other sorts of tools? And then, you know, once we have the, just a couple of these baseline things, can we, we bring in an all star who can actually just run away with the system that we've built, even though it's still like, in this very basic stage, they already have the experience and knowledge that which is this little bit of guidance.

They can just pump things out like crazy. So, yeah. Um, I'm expecting this to take about four or five weeks before we have any, uh, radical new updates, because it'll probably be three or four weeks before this first project gets out the door with the new process, what to sort of debrief and see how that goes. And then steadily advance the AI initiative. And then, and right around that time I'll be looking for that all Star candidate.

Okay, well I think then dude in, you know, whatever it is. Call it in five, six weeks when you're at that point, I think that we should jump on again, man. I think that you should schedule another call with Glenda, you know, have Glenda set us up. Let's jump on, let's review where you're at and, and go from there. And I think, you know, maybe even scheduling that in advance, like scheduling that now with her getting it on the calendar so that you, you know, as part of that deadline to push you to, to get done what needs to be done.

I think that that'll be, you know, good for you. And then we'll just jump on and we'll go from there, man. Yeah, I think that's a good idea too because then I can see it coming up and I'll know, yeah, I'm supposed to be at this point, but before I talk to Todd again, I need to start to have all this stuff wrapped up. Correct, correct. Right.

Yeah. Good man. And so do that. And I'm here for you, man. If, you know, if you need anything between now and a few weeks from now, man, but you know, get to it.

Remember dude, you got people waiting to give you money. You got people waiting to give you money. You said two more people, two more clients, double your lifestyle. You all, all you gotta do is get that bandwidth in place the based on these things that we talked about to be able to get that money and double your lifestyle and so get it done. You got it man.

All right. Well thanks very much. Have a good weekend. You got it brother. Keep me posted.

You too, pal.
