---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-12-08 18:01:03"
date: 2023-12-08
duration: 54m
duration_seconds: 3242
vimeo_id: 892720359
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-12-08 18:01:03

**Date:** 2023-12-08 | **Duration:** 54m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hmm. Hey guys. Hey, Todd. How's it going? Good.

So good to see you guys. How's everything? Good to see you. Yeah, it's good to see you. Uh, things are pretty good.

I think. I mean, some, well, some things are good. Some things are good. Some things are well Before we, before we dive into the business, and you guys gimme a state of the union, all else good? Everybody feeling good?

Everybody doing good? You enjoying the little, the holiday season between Thanksgiving and New Year's Holidays? Looking good. Yeah. Rob, Rob's, Rob's had a lot more on his plate recently, but I, I actually, I left top one, uh, and went to London for our event and I threw out my di a disc in my back while I was there, which I don't know if you've ever done that, but holy cow.

I thought I was gonna die. I would've, I would've ripped off my arm if I could have it hurt so bad. I ha You are absolutely preaching to the choir. And so I have before, and I've told everybody the absolute worst pain that I've ever experienced in my life, it brought me to my knees. Yeah.

At one point, um, probably maybe very similar to you, I could not move without Yeah. That without the spasming in my, um, horrific. And so I, you Know, you know, I don't have to tell You then I feel for you. I feel for you. Yeah.

I pow we were in England, so I kind of powered through that week with, I didn't go to the doctor. 'cause, you know, we were with some friends over there and then we had our event. And so I, I didn't go until I got home a week later. And, and, uh, I mean, I, I, I, in some ways that was a mistake, but also I didn't wanna spend a day at the a and e, you know, while we're, you know, on vacation with our friends. And then we had our event.

So anyway, I've been doing physical therapy this week at like, I have a tiny bit of numbness or whatever, but it's mostly gone, so, oh, thank God. You know, hopefully that's good. So, we'll see. I haven't been able to get back to running, which is the thing that just kills me. I've been putting on weight 'cause I haven't been able to exercise, and I'm just like, oh, it's driving me nuts.

But, uh, but we'll be, be patient, you know, like, be, be patient because like, as you know, you know, so I had hurt my low back, um, like L four, L five when I was in my early twenties. And I ru I rushed back. Like I, I was, while I was exercising, I leaned over just a little bit and that was all it took to, um, to just bang up my, my low back. And I rushed back like a couple weeks later. I went to the doctor, the whole nine and I rushed back.

And it has never been the same again since. And so, like, be, you know, do yourself a favor and like, be, be patient, right? Like, be patient, be slow, let it heal up. And then obviously, you know, continue to, to, to do your stretches and yeah. Continue to get back into it slowly, man.

Yeah. It's, it's been, it's been an exciting ride. So I'll be getting back on my bike. I'm, I'll throw my bike on the trainer through the winter and, uh, I may not be able to run until the spring, but we'll see. We'll, I mean, like I said, last couple weeks felt a ton better, you know, so, okay.

It's definitely getting there. Thank God. Definitely getting there. Thank God. Thank God.

So, and Kira, how are you? Um, I mean, I'm okay. I think it's hard for business stuff that we'll talk about. Not to bleed into my personal life, so, um, but like, okay, health-wise, kids are, thank God, like kids are happy. Like, we're making the holidays bright and cheery and all those things, So, okay.

Thank God. Okay, so with that, okay, good. That's the, I'm not miserable, like It's okay. I'm gonna go. Yeah, we're good.

Well, We need, we're gonna, we need to shoot, we wanna shoot higher than that. Like, I'm not miserable, um, but I get it. You guys are okay. Thank God. And, uh, and so now let's talk business.

So give me, give me a state of the union. Give me an update. Good, bad. What's going on? What's been going well, what's not going well?

Kind of let's get into it. Yeah, yeah. I mean, you heard me, you heard me at top one say this is easily been our, our hardest. Um, now, now going on six months, like for whatever reason, we have not been able to add people to our high ticket programs, which are really what have funded everything that we've done. And, uh, so we've really, really struggled with that.

At the same time we've been losing members, so our revenue has just been dropping down. So, uh, you know, we've cut a couple of, uh, people's hours back. We cut, you know, one person who was on our team out entirely. Uh, hopefully it's temporary, but, you know, we'll see. We've cut a bunch of expenses just trying to get, you know, back in line.

Um, I mean, quite frankly, we, you know, we were at one point we're like, man, do we need to cut top one? You know, it, it's, yeah. Uh, you know, it's, it's like that. And so we've really been struggling with that, what to do. We've, we've sort of plugged the gap each month with, you know, like ai, uh, course, or a copywriting course, or, you know, like, but it's, it's just enough really to plug the gap and not to get over the hump and like to be able to start to invest, to grow.

And that's the thing that's really frustrating. Um, you know, where we've, uh, in some ways we've cut back so far, it's like hard to see how we can even like, invest in ads to grow again, right? Like, it's, it's that, uh, it's that, that point. So we're like looking at like, okay, how can we use the resources we've got to start bringing in some buyers on something that will, you know, turn this around for us. Yeah.

Okay. So, and I wanna slow down a little bit and I want to d dive in a little bit more there, but I wanna, you know, and I, when I was thinking about this call with you guys kind of anticipating, um, a a little bit of, of where you guys were gonna go with the state of the Union, um, I wanna, I really would like to go back, I'd like to take a couple steps back and I'd really like to talk a little bit about, and I know this is gonna seem strange, but you'll see where I'm going with this in just a few minutes. I'd like to talk a little bit about your vision for the business. And what I mean specifically in this context, uh, by your vision for the business is, um, is ultimately what are you trying to create for the marketplace? Like, what are you ultimately trying to do?

Tell me again about the problem that you are ultimately trying to solve and who you are trying to solve it for. Let's go back to the beginning for one second. And ultimately to kind of give you a little, a little insight. You know, this is always kind of a, a, the most brutal part of, of business. When we have to, we have to confirm that the opportunity that we're exploring that was potentially once there and once really big is still there and is still big and right.

That ultimately what we're trying to build the opportunity is really still there to build that. Because if not, then we might be, you know, we, we might be faced with a couple of decisions that we need to make and tweaks and and so on. And so go back to the beginning. Tell me about what you're ultimately, the vision, what you're ultimately trying to build in the marketplace. Yeah, so I'll say, I'll just say like, where starting, you can add Kira.

So when we, the first thing we launched was we saw this opportunity to talk to copywriters about not copywriting, not, uh, teaching them how to copy, write copy, but how to build the business side of their business, which nobody else was really talking about at the time. What would you add to that, Kira? Yeah. And now I think everybody's talking about that. So that's the shift.

But today, the vision is to help copywriters get paid and continue to kind of stay alive in the marketplace in their careers as creative copywriters. Um, so they don't have to leave the field. I mean, that's to find jobs, find work, whether it's full-time, part-time contract, freelance gigs. Okay. And so tell me a little bit about the, um, tell me a little bit about the space.

Would you say that the space is right and I'm, I'm asking really to understand, so I'm not leading you in any way, shape or form. Um, so would you say that the space is growing, are more copywriters coming into the space? Is the, is the marketplace kind of the same size that it was, you know, a year ago, two years ago? Is it shrinking? How is the marketplace evolving, if at all?

I think the number of copywriters is growing. Okay. Uh, yeah. I, I think we've seen a shift, you know, more people want to, you know, do their own thing. Uh, I think that that is growing, but I do think the market at the same time has changed where the oppor, like the number of opportunities have not necessarily grown with the number of copywriters who are out there.

Yeah. And why do you think that is? Why has the w what is the main kind of the cause or the catalyst behind that? Which part? The, the, I mean, it could partly be ai, right?

That's not the only reason, but that's made a shift this year, is that a lot of clients will say, well, I'm gonna try this for a little bit, or I'm gonna pull back. Um, it's not the only reason, but definitely budget cuts within companies where they're letting go of their contractors for that reason. Okay. And so, so some of, so in other words, the, the, the fact that, so let's say, uh, you guys feel the marketplace is growing more people are looking to do their own thing. They're looking for an opportunity potentially in the world of, of copy to do freelance work.

Kira, would you, is that, do you agree with that? I would SI was just the trigger idea. I think the online marketing space, and I love your thoughts on this, feels like that has not grown. That feels like it's shrinking. And that is such a huge provider of jobs for copywriters.

It's not the only space that copywriters can work in, but it feels like there aren't as many opportunities in that space as there was a couple of years ago. Interesting. So when you say, and thi this is important, A course creator space, And, and so you don't feel that the course creator space is growing? I, I mean, it doesn't seem like that. From my observation with copiers and from my own observation, 'cause I work in that space, it doesn't seem like it's booming like it was where it was easy to hire copywriters and it made sense.

Y Yeah. Um, I, I would probably echo that. Uh, you know, I, I I think look for, for what it's worth, and this is a conversation for a different day, I think the, you know, the online marketing space is a bit of a mess right now, to say the least. Yeah. I think that it's just a, it's, it's one big cluster really, to be honest with you.

It's, it's the, the most, um, I don't even know the word to describe it, chaotic, disjointed that I've seen it since the beginning of my wow. Entrepreneurial career in this space. Um, I think that's just due to the ease at which people publish offers today. I, I think there's a lot of garbage out there. There's the, uh, the, the, that, uh, excessive amount of garbage is leading to an excessive amount of distrust, is giving people the opportunity to kind of, you know, shop around, for lack of a better phrase.

Um, I think everybody is enamored with ai, which I think is really, ar arguably one of the biggest issues with a lack of focus today for entrepreneurs. They're so caught up in this. I should be focused on ai, ai, ai, ai, um, and my belief is really, um, it's just a tool. That's all it is. And it may be appropriate for a business, it may not be appropriate for a business.

We don't do a whole lot with ai and we we're coming off the most profitable year for us, um, to date. Uh, and so, um, so I wanna go back though to the, the, the copywriter space. And so are most of these copywriters, would you say today, most, most copywriters, most new copywriters coming into the space, are they interested in a freelance opportunity writing copy for other companies, marketers, entrepreneurs, et cetera? Yeah, I mean, That's for most of them. And then they end up taking part-time, full-time jobs if they can't do that.

Okay. Full-time, jobs, writing copy. Yeah. Right. Inside a company.

Well, I mean, if they, if they can find writing, you know, writing copy, some of them panic and, you know, it's like, hey, this isn't working. So they go back to doing something else, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Also, one other shift that's been big is just the number of competitors in this space too, right?

There were a couple in the beginning and we did have our own spot, and now we've actually trained a lot of copywriters who have built their own amazing communities and in some ways, and they're friends, but they're competing with us now. So that's Oh, sure. You're preaching to the choir. Yeah. You're preaching to the choir, you get it.

So I get I get it more than you, you, you realize, believe me. Um, and, and so, okay. And so is the, is the big sticking point today for copywriters that they can't find, uh, clients to work with, or Yeah, right. They cannot find clients to work with. And help me to understand a little bit more about why, why that is, is it that they lack the ability to differentiate themselves amongst all the other copywriters out there?

Is it that, uh, you know, they don't know how to find and acquire these clients? Is that the issue? Both of both of those things? Yeah. I, I mean, it's, it's the problem that any new business has, right?

Like, they don't know how to talk about what they offer. Sometimes they don't know how to structure an offer. Sometimes it's, um, reaching out, pitching clients. Sometimes it's, um, that idea that like, if I build it, they will come. And so yeah, they're, they're sitting around waiting for clients to come.

Um, so yeah, there's a, I think there's a lot of things that, that play into it. Um, but I, I think also like just the economics, the economic situation has, has made it challenging not for copywriters at the top of the game, you know, who are, or, and maybe not even at the very bottom, who were already charging a little. I don't think that AI has, has impacted our industry nearly as much as just the economy, where people in the middle who aren't differentiated enough or aren't delivering the highest value stuff, find it really hard not to find one or two clients. 'cause, you know, I think that is okay, but to find that steady stream so it's not feast famine or, you know, eat, eat a little bit famine, and it's not even always feast, but, um, where it becomes really hard for them to get consistency in their business. Yeah.

Okay. That makes a lot of sense. Do you feel there's some kind of somewhat random questions for a second. Do you feel that the, the demand for copywriters is high? Um, yeah.

Well, yes and no. Feel like it's, Doesn't feel like it to me, but I mean, it's, it depends on the, the industry. I see all kinds of openings and places, you know, like LinkedIn or whatever. People are looking for copywriters, um, In-house or freelancers? Both.

Both. I mean, yeah. So I, I think that there is a demand, um, but it's just kind of a weird, um, space where it's really hard to match the right people to the right opportunities. Yeah. I, I think that's one of the things that it, it's interesting that you, you say that, Rob, because I think that that's one of the interesting dynamics in the world of copywriting is that it's not just a matter of finding an opportunity or, or an availability for a copywriter with a talented copywriter.

It's about finding the right copywriter that matches that opportunity. So it's one level deeper compared to, let's say a high ticket closer or something like that, right? You know, or a salesperson that can step in and relatively fulfill any role. I think with copywriting, there's a kind of a little lever level deeper that requires a match, right? And so not every good copywriter is a good match for every open opportunity, which just adds, um, a level of, uh, of complexity.

Let me skip ahead for for one second and, and ask, so do you, do you feel you guys have an offer a solution to the current challenges that copywriters have? And I want you to be honest here, right? I want you to be like, I want you to be honest and transparent in this. Do you feel, and are you confident the, the, at your core that you truly have a solution and an answer to the challenges that they currently have? I do think we do.

Yeah. I do. I Think, I think some of the offers are definitely answering that challenge right now. We have some new offers we've been experimenting with that feel like they're hitting Even our existing offers, though, like our copywriter accelerator, which is the very first thing we launched, is how do you build a copywriting business? And I think it does solve a lot of those problems for people.

Um, well, yeah, I think we can make tweaks to it, but I think the core of it is still solid. Um, I think we could do a better job helping them find work. Like, I think there's, yeah, I mean, we built, like Rob built a system to help them with that, but I think it's still, there's still more work to be done. 'cause it's still not, they're just not getting there. Many of them are still not getting there, and I'm not, we have to figure out where they're getting stuck.

But are, are they not getting there because of, of something on their end? Like they're not going through Yeah. They're not implementing it. This is not, it's like this doesn't have to do with your solution, this has to do with them. No, It's them, it's People who do the system.

Uh, you know, like they're like, this is the first time anybody's ever replied to my pitches, or I sent five out and I got three answers back within two hours. Kind of like, those are the results we get and we talk about those. But yeah, I mean, you still have to do the work, right? Yeah. So It's, it's implementation and a lot of mindset struggles.

And we did just launch small group coaching groups because that's, that's what they need and they're, they are interested in that. So we're testing that type of like, accountability implementation once a week, um, and putting that offer out there right now. Okay. Um, and let me ask one other question. So are you, do you guys feel, uh, there are now a I think a couple of people, um, that are doing like a, what do you call it, like a copywriter placement service where they recruit copywriters and then they match copywriters with, you know, employers with job opportunities?

Yeah, and I don't, I don't know the details of, of, of how they do that and how they match it up and, and whatnot. Um, I know we see that we, we've seen that done in the, the, the closer, you know, um, space very successfully. Would you say that, is that type of service, uh, uh, a competitor of yours, Um, like Kevin's where he matches peop clients with copywriters in the direct response space? I don't think it is, because I think we appeal to a different copywriter who's not necessarily working in that space. Okay.

They're working with a different type of client. They're doing different type of copy deliverables, like brand messaging and website copy and launches, but not necessarily like hardcore direct response. So I think we could serve that space really well, because I've never wanted to get into the matchmaking space, but now I'm, I, I see the need, so I think it would be worthwhile to jump into that space. Well, I, I think it's interesting, right? And I'm not necessarily advocating that you jump into that space or, or that you go with that model.

I just really wanted to understand, uh, and I think I kind of shared this a little bit, um, at the copy legends thing, when I talked about how there are coaching programs that teach people how to get, you know, high ticket clients or whatever, and then people came along and just said, we'll get you 12 clients, you know, you know, or you pay nothing, right? And that's, that, that is a competitor, right? Because ultimately people don't want the coaching on how to get the 10 to 12 clients. They just want the 10 to 12 clients. And so, but I think that it's an interesting point that you bring up, Kira, that you know, that if those existing matchmaking services, or whatever you wanna call it, are really for the hardcore long form sales copy copywriters, the ones writing VSL copy and, you know, long form sales letters and all that, and you guys are more helping people with different assets like, uh, you know, homepages or whatever, just other assets.

Yeah, that's, that's interesting. That's a, that's a bit of a differentiator. Um, yeah. And, and so, right. They may not really be, uh, competitors.

I Mean, I would go to that, I would, if there was a matchmaking service where I could actually find the types of clients, I couldn't find it with Kevin's group. I think he did it really well, but I was like, I don't really wanna work with these companies, but if he presented the companies I wanted to work for, then I would, I would sign up for that. Well, and Kevin does it on a small scale too. I mean, to, to, you know, do it, you know, where you're really doing the, the matchmaking thing. I mean, two-sided markets are hard because you've gotta very much, you're basically marketing to both, right?

I've been in that business before and I, I know what that looks like. Um, and so, I mean, and it's really hard to get started because you need enough jobs to attract the copywriters. Yeah. But you don't attract the jobs until you get the copywriters. So like, but we Got the copywriters.

Well, we kind of do, but we don't have, we don't have them like, um, sorted out. Like yeah, we can definitely verify for the, like, there's, there's a certain number of them that we can verify and say, yep, these guys are good. But of the 14,000 in our groups, like 11, 13,000 of them are wildcard to us. Like they haven't bin, you know, in our programs, right? So it's, We could do it with our membership with TCU, We, we'd have to, we'd have to put in some work to really figure out, you know, that side of it.

But having said that, like adding jobs to our membership, like that might be the kind of thing that could really help us, you know, start to make some traction there. We could host, Yeah, Go ahead, Kira. I'm sorry. I was gonna say, we could host network. We're really good at hosting virtual and in-person events.

And like, it would be fun to host networking events that weren't cheesy, where you have businesses that wanna hire copywriters and bring the copywriters to the table, and we aren't necessarily connecting them, but we're putting them in the same virtual or in-person room. I think we could do that well, Yeah. Well, we could, on the copywriter side, we don't have a lot of relationships with those kind, the clients that are hiring. Like, that would take some serious work. Yeah.

Uh, well, you know, let me ask you this. And so the type of employers or job opportunities that you guys would more steer people to, is it, is it fair to say that it wouldn't necessarily be like the Agoras, the, the Motley Fools, the, oh, it would not be that, you know, not, it would not be that. So what would it be? Would it be like your typical smaller, you know, course creator, entrepreneur, maybe a B eCom Would Yeah, e-com sass companies. Like, we have cover res working on SaaS, e-comm, um, we could bring in a couple, you know, one of the Agoras, because we attract some people that want that, but it wouldn't, it would be one company, maybe or two companies.

But it's a really, it's a really wide, you know, it, it's hard to say, oh yeah, we're focused on SaaS or whatever. Like, we have people who, yeah, it's, you know, are literally in almost every industry, you know, because they're, they're writing case studies, white papers, blog post, uh, sales pages, email sequence. I mean, like, yeah, the, the creative product is really wide ranging, and the number of clients they work for is really wide ranging. Yeah, no, I, I totally get it. And so look, let let me say this, for what it's worth, just jumping, you know, just throwing this out there, you know, everything that you said to me, uh, so far is exciting to me.

First of all, let, let me just say this, that as much as I love the, you know, the world of Agora and the long form direct response stuff, that stuff is a minute, minute segment. That's, that's like, look, that, that's not, like, that's a minute segment. That's not, you know, to, to be able to put people with e-comm e-comm is infinitely bigger than the long form direct response VSL. Like, that's a, that's, you know, a, a a, a a, a tiny pinpoint in this world of online businesses. And so the fact that, like, look, if just kind of talking this through for one second, the fact that those guys, you know, Kevin and whoever else is appealing to the hardcore direct response, you know, the one that's interested in Eugene Schwartz and all that stuff that we might love, right?

To me, I would go in the opposite direction. I would not try to match that, duplicate that. I would not pull that in, right? I would not pull that in, number one, because I don't wanna be one of many in that opportunity, but also because that's a tiny, tiny world. That's a tiny, tiny world that really is a tiny, tiny world.

And so much of what Kevin has been able to accomplish, and I love Kevin, right? I, I absolutely love Kevin to death. He's one of the best guys out there. Like, it just a good human being. Um, but a lot of that is just due to Kevin's connections, right?

Mm-Hmm. Like, those relationships are from his connections and who he knows and relationships that he's built and whatnot. That's not the type of model that I would tell somebody else that's just coming into the space to go and build. I'd much rather let's go after e-comm. If e-comm from a copywriting space, or SaaS from a copywriting space is underserved.

Meaning if there's a need in the SaaS world, right, for copywriters, um, and there are opportunities for copywriters in the SaaS world, that's where I would be focusing, right? Because it's infinitely bigger. Forget the fact that we don't have any relationships in that world right now. Like, to me, just the differentiation, just the differentiation to even be able to say like, would you like to write copy for, you know, a SaaS company or a software company or one, you know, would you like to be the copywriter for the next Adobe or the next, you know, whatever. Like, to me, that's exciting.

And it's different from what is already being said. You know, we have to, when it, when it comes to marketing and positioning in, in a marketplace, you know, we always have to look and see, are we are, are we now in a bloody red ocean? Are we now one of many? And if so, we then have a decision to make. And I'm not, I'm not necessarily saying you guys are, that's not right.

Not what I'm saying. I could tell you that for our business, right? I woke up one day and I was like, in, in the, in the, the Todd Brownie, MFA business that I woke up and I was like, man, this sucks. You know, we're now one of many, like, and I don't wanna fight that battle. I don't wanna fight that battle when there are much easier battles for me to fight and win and, and, and do well in.

Um, and so I'm speaking from experience. So all of that is to say that like, look, look, let me kind of sum this, this up so that we can get to some strategy and some actions and, and whatnot that look and take it for what it's worth, uh, take it with a grain of salt. I don't think the copywriting space, I, I don't think the copywriting space, I certainly don't think the copywriting space within the long form hardcore direct response world is the greatest space. Like, I don't think, I think that it is changing. I think that there are more competitors, I think that and, and more competitors within a fairly small universe.

But I do think that there's some excitement in going outside, going away from the typical appeal of the online marketer, direct response, long form Eugene Schwartz, VSL, like again, writing copy for SaaS writing copy for e-comm. I don't see anybody talking about that. I don't see anybody that's published a, you know, a course on on or a training program or, or a service specific to SaaS, or specific to e-comm. Like how do you write short form, you know, product pages? I don't see that.

And so to me, if there is an opportunity there for that, meaning there are job opportunities and you guys have the ability to teach the skills, the solution that would work for them to get into that space. That's interesting to me. And so I'm, I'm sharing all of this because I, I think, because, you know, and what I've thought about leading up to this meeting with you guys is I, you know, I wanna make sure that you're not, you're, you, you're, you're not fighting this, this brutal battle in this tough, competitive, saturated, small space when with some tweaks you could totally change the dynamics of the business. Yeah. I, I don't know that we've ever, like really, um, tried to be in that agora, you know, hard Dr.

Space. We've never, you know, said, Hey, we're gonna get you those kinds of opportunities or projects. Yeah. We definitely bring, you know, some of that knowledge into What we, but I think, hang on, Rob, it's one, it's, hang on, hang on one second. Yeah, yeah.

It's one thing to not say this is us, right? Like, to, to not necessarily say we are, you know, we're part of this director, so Right. It's another thing to say, we are this, We are. Right. Right.

And I, I think that's exactly, I think, yeah, we haven't tried to play there, but because we haven't specifically said we are not for that or for something else that maybe we've, we've sort of been bland. So it's, I think about like some of our competitors that are out there. Obviously Kevin plays in that Agora space, um, like Joanna Weeb, uh, is very much in the SaaS tech space. Okay. Um, there are a few others that are kind of in, you know, talking about like courses, you know, course creators, they're not big, but there are a few people out there that, that I know about.

But, um, other than that, I don't know that there's anybody that sort of owns a niche or, you know, like a, a range of of things that, can you think of anybody Kira that It's Joan. I mean, Joanna's the biggest competitor, I think we online her the most, and she's e SaaS, you know, really leans into Sas. So lemme ask you this though. So how, are there a lot of her, like, are there a lot of like hers that are in that space, or is she in that space and she's the dominant player and there's, she's Dominating that space? Yeah, she Definitely dominates.

There are a few others who, who kind of talk about the same stuff, but they're tiny. They're, they're way smaller than we are. They're, yeah, they're one, one person operations if They're, yeah. See, like, I don't like, so I'm okay if there is a dominant player in a particular, in a particular space. What I don't want is I don't wanna see the space saturated, right?

Right. Where you've got a lot, a lot of people that are all saying something very similar, and it's hard to tell the difference between all them. And they all seem like they're one of many options, right? Where there's no clear differentiator. So it's cool if there's, you know, if there's one dominant player and then all these kind of, you know, small, tiny little players in there.

I'm a lot, I'm a lot cooler with that than I am, right? Where you're one of many in an, in an ocean. And so it's better To go against Joanna as the dominant player. It's, it's, but that's okay to kind of go up against her. 'cause we can have a positioning in that space.

Um, so the way that I look at it is, is that it's a lot easier. So if there's, let's say one dominant player in the space, um, versus let's say a whole bunch of, you know, players in, in another space where there are a whole bunch of players, it's a lot more difficult to get attention. So the cost of media is more the cost of lead generation is more, obviously the cost of acquisition is a lot more to, you know, you end up with a lot lower conversion rate, and so you're paying a lot more overall, whereas in here, right, I'm not saying that you're, you're gonna go in and you're gonna take over the space and be number one, you know, in the next year or two or maybe ever. But it's a lot easier to chip off a nice chunk in that space where there's one dominant player than there is in a space where there are mul a multitude of players that are kind of all, you know, seemingly competing for the, for the, um, the same thing here. And here's the other thing for what it's worth, and I don't mean to dump all of this, uh, No, please.

We're, we're, we're looking for direction and ideas. Yeah. I, I think the course creator mark the course creator market, you know, like, look, I, I think that, you know, the course creator market sucks. It sucks because, uh, and I, and I say this with like, look, we've made, you know, we've done well in that space, and it's served its time. I think that, um, it's evolved to a point where there are so many knuckleheads that are producing courses that are teaching course creation that the overwhelming majority, of course, creators are not successful.

They're certainly not successful to the point where they're ready to, you know, pay for, you know, pay a, a chunk for a copywriter or a media buyer or an ad agency, right? Like, we see it all the time. 99% of these people don't have a pot to p**s in. Excuse me. Yeah, yeah.

Right. Like they, you know what I mean? They don't have, and, and I just think that that's where the, I think that it's the course creator market has become the new business opportunity online, or it was at one point. So tons of people came in, and I think that these people are not, they're the majority are at this level. And so even though there's a lot of them, there's a lot of them at this level.

And so in terms of connecting copywriters with course creators, you're man, you're trying to connect people with Yeah. A pool of, you know, of, of, of knuckleheads. Whereas e-commerce, just as an example, right? And I have no personal experience with an e-commerce business, but e-commerce is huge. Yeah.

In terms of the total addressable market. I mean, compare e-com to course creators co compare e-comm to the entire internet marketing space, and it's infinitely bigger, right? There are a heck of a lot more e-commerce businesses than there are information product businesses, course creation businesses, and so on. And certainly SaaS. I mean, my gosh, that is a huge universe.

And so, you know, my my point in all of this is really that, uh, is really, and I'm gonna leave this for you guys to after this, to kind of ponder this and discuss it and be real with one another, is that I just want to make sure that the opportunity that you are pursuing is worthy of your skills, is worthy of your time, and that you truly believe at your core, that it still provides the opportunity that you're looking to, um, to capitalize on. Uh, I'm not, I, I believe that there is an opportunity there. I believe that that opportunity is not in the pure direct response. Like, let's say, you know, I ier like teaching copywriting today is so freaking saturated. I know you guys aren't doing that, but teaching copywriting is, there's, you know, it's, it's ridiculous.

Um, and so I do think that there is an opportunity potentially to, to, to kind of tap into some of the other areas of online businesses that don't fall under the umbrella of your typical internet marketing business, assuming that the need is there for copywriters, right? Assuming that the need, can you Expand on that a little bit? Like what, what are some of those opportunities that you see? Like is, it's going Back to the matchmaking, the kind of enacting Copy. No, like, look, I, I, I, I think, look, you know, if there, if there was, you know, uh, if there's an opportunity, if there's a growing opportunity, a growing demand, I should say, if there's truly a growing demand in the e-comm space for copywriters, if these businesses truly need copywriters and are in the hunt for copywriters, um, meaning they, they are actively looking to bring a board, a copywriter or two copywriters, or have copy written from a freelance person, then, uh, then I think from a marketing perspective for your business, from a positioning perspective for your business, I would much rather see us shift and focus on developing copywriters to be able to go there rather than just a general copywriting, you know, rather than like, look, what happens, guys, is we see this, what happens is that markets go from a generalist, generalist, uh, um, filled space to a specialist filled space.

And what happens is sometimes we can get caught where, like there was a time when, right, like teaching copywriters how to write copy was a thing, right? Like, we know it was a, it was a thing at one point and right. And, um, or teaching copywriters how to get jobs. That's a right, that's a very generalist approach. Well, what happens in every market over time as more competitors come in is the market move.

There's no longer the same opportunity to be a generalist right Now. The now the, the opportunity moves to being a specialist, like how to write copy for the financial market, right? Like, and that's why we, you, you've seen over the years the, you know, copywriting for financial summit or, or whatever come into, excuse me, come into play all the alternative health copy summit and alt for alternative health copywriters, right? And that you, you see a move from generalist to specialist and you see demand in the marketplace move from general to specialist, and the people that come in as the generalist or stay a generalist are the ones that deal with the decline. Yeah.

Right? Like, are the ones that deal with the decline. So imagine today somebody coming in and doing, you know, how to generate traffic online, like you're dead in the water, man. Like, you ain't even getting that business off the ground. There was a time when you could, you would, that would've been a huge business.

Yeah. But today, no more. Right? And so my, my fear and concern, I should say is that I just don't wanna see you guys get stuck in that general generalist Yeah. While the market is now moving, it's evolving beyond that.

And so now a generalist is one of many, it's heard it, seen it been there, done that lot of options, right? I, I wanna look for what's the opportunity for us to adapt as the market is evolving. And that, that's my concern. My concern is that the, you know, the general copy market is, uh, if I was starting over with you guys, if we were partners and I was starting over, I would not go there. Yeah.

Does that, is that, I Mean, should we be concerned that even the specialists in the copy space, those little niche spaces are getting tapped quickly too, and like, does Well, I mean, look, I don't, I don't know, you know, I of Them feel like they are Ultimately like, look, I, I think, you know, and concern is probably a strong, a strong word. And so I wanna be careful 'cause I don't wanna, I don't wanna leave you feeling, you know, I, I, I wanna give you hope. 'cause I do. I al I, I, I think look, you know, uh, uh, you know, being an entrepreneur is always about pivoting, right? It's, it's, there's pivots always, right?

Sometimes it, it takes, it, it could take years before we have to pivot, but there's always pivots because markets always change and evolve. I think that, you know, even like, look, at some point a specialist market will, will splinter and will become even more specialized, right? Yeah. So went from generate online traffic to Facebook ads, to retargeting, to retargeting with video. Like, and so it'll always splinter, um, over time.

I think the key is that you, you look for what the next kind of splintered opportunity is, and you get in at the beginning knowing that it all has a lifespan, right? And like, and maybe that new splintered, maybe the, let's just say, for example, copywriting for e-comm, maybe that, you know, maybe that lasts five years or six years or three years, whatever it may be. And then maybe we have to splinter a little bit more with that. Um, but I think that where my mind would be, what, where I go to is, alright, we, we love working with copywriters. We're passionate about it.

We wanna help them. So where is the opportunity today if we were starting from scratch today? If we were starting over knowing what we know right now, where would we go? Where is the opportunity? Where is it that is underserved, right?

Where the opportunity for copywriters or the demand for copywriters is growing. And by the way, let me just say this, that if I said, if, if we, if we realized that the demand for copywriters was shrinking across the board for whatever reason, AI gets so much better or, or whatever, then we would have to have a different conversation, right? Like then I, I, you know, then it, it'd be like right, if we were having a discussion about starting the next newspaper, physical newspaper, right? Right. I would say like, guys, this is a shrinking market.

Or you know, we're not gonna start a travel agency, right? Like, 'cause that's drinking. But assuming that there are other, other, like I'm looking for, I'm looking for a, a playing field that's gonna be much easier for you guys to win while still serving this market. And so, right. I'm looking for an opportunity.

Like, I don't want you, I don't want us, the three of us with this business to be competing with a sea of competitors in a tiny, in a tiny marketplace where we appear like one of many and we're looking for man, like, we gotta come up with a killer idea and killer copy and killer offer just to try to get attention in that marketplace. 'cause all we've chosen to do then is play an extremely difficult game. It doesn't mean that it can't be won, but it just means that we've chosen to play an extremely difficult game where it's gonna take many ideas before we find a winner. Many offers, many tasks, we're gonna have to give it time. That sucks.

That really does suck. I don't wanna see you guys have to do that. And so, right. I would be looking for, is it, is it e-commerce? Is it sas, is it something else?

You know, is it, is it something else? Maybe it's neither of those, right? You guys know the market a lot better than I do. Um, right. Where, where we could come in and now it's fresh, right?

Like it's a fresh, it's fresh, it's underserved. Um, I don't wanna say untapped because we might have a Joanne Weeb, right? But it's underserved. It's not nearly as saturated, it's not nearly as small. Um, that's what I would look for, right?

Yeah. And I think that, I'm not asking you guys to, I'm not asking you to burn the ships. Like I'm not asking you, I'm just like, I wanna find the tweaks to be able to better position, um, what it is that you guys do like right. To, to to, to meet that, to meet that, you know, that underserved big opportunity, big universe to me, like I said, I'm always looking for those things. That is, is e-commerce man, does e-commerce have a demand for copywriters?

Do they, 'cause if so, wow, that's pretty interesting. Now let's see who's serving them and how are they serving them and what are they giving, what are they giving them? Is it easier for a copywriter to do well in those spaces compared to long form copy VSL, right? Like to me, wow. Well, I said, man, it's, it's a lot easier to write short form product pages.

It's a lot easier to write, you know, homepage copy than a, than a com complete VSL like, okay, so it's easier potentially, right? Is is there, right? It's a much bigger space. Uh, it's underserved. Uh, it allows us to differentiate from, you know, the Kevins or, or whatever these other people in this space.

It takes us out of the internet marketing space, which by God, man, I, you know, like for the love of God, like this space is, when can We hear you talk about that? I wanna attend that event. Oh my gosh. I, I would, but I think we all need a, we would need a stiff drink all of us after the end of that. Um, yeah, my gosh, I I I will just say this.

And I think that, you know, I, I've been, um, you know, I've been spoiled a little bit because, you know, we've got some, you know, I don't wanna refer to it as a portfolio of businesses that we partnered with because it's, it's not big enough to be called a portfolio. But you know, like Damien shared a top one. What we've done with, and I just see over and over and over how much easier it is in spaces outside the internet marketing world, how much cheaper the traffic is, how much better the conversion rates are, how much weaker the copy and ideas can be. Like how little tweaks can produce monster wins. And not just once I've seen it over and over and over and it's been baffling to me like what it takes.

Look in, in total transparency, what it takes for us to extract an additional quarter million dollars out of our business, the, the, the, the MFA business compared to what it takes to extract a million dollars, an extra million dollars from one of these other businesses outside the space is, is nauseating. When I saw, when I see what it takes for us to move the needle and add an additional 250 grand of profit to our business, it's, it's nauseating compared to what it takes in these other markets. And I think that, I believe that that's because, um, this market is so saturated. There are new offers and funnels being created every single day. I think that this market is filled with people that are very much opportunity seekers.

So the latest and greatest thing attracts everybody. AI boom. Now everybody's ai, ai, ai, ai, right? And we've seen that just time and time and time again. And, um, and so it is, it's, it's a, it's a brutal fight, right?

And I realize that you don't, you get to choose the battles that you wanna be in, right? Like, you get to choose the ease of the battles that you're in, right? And at the end of the day, like, do you wanna make, let's say an extra, do you wanna make a million bucks ease with ease, or do you wanna make a million bucks the hard way? I'll take the million bucks the easy way, right? Like the e with more ease.

Um, and I just see it over and over and over outside this space. Remember that there are things that, you know, a lot more competition with ads not only makes it more difficult to get attention, not only makes it more difficult to get trust, makes it more difficult to produce the conversion, but also increases the cost of media. And so the cost of media in the online marketing space is infinitely more, is multiples of what it is in most other spaces that don't have the same level of competition that, that we do. And so the, the, not only is it easier to get attention, right, and easier to build trust, uh, easier to stand out and differentiate, but the cost of media is significantly lower, therefore the economics are wildly different. And so now what it takes to have an effective front end campaign in one of these markets is so much less than what it takes to have an effective front end over here.

Over here. You gotta have the a OV dialed. You gotta, you know, like, you know, to acquire a customer, you gotta bring in at least, you know, call it 120 bucks on the front end, 130 bucks. And you know, depending over here, over here, you make it work with 60 bucks or 55 bucks on the front end is total right? Much easier to produce that kind of a OV.

And so for all of those reasons, uh, and many others, uh, I just realized like, it, it really is about making sure that you're in the right boat first. Like that you're in the right boat first because the boat that you choose right, is ultimately gonna determine how hard you have to paddle. What it's gonna take for you to get across the, the river, so to speak. Is the river rough and wild and a lot of boulders and are there, you know, uh, are there tons of other boats in there that are blocking you and whatnot? And so that's why it's, you know, are we playing in the right arena or can can this arena be tweaked slightly to make sure that we set ourselves up for success?

Or is this just altogether the wrong arena? Right? And at some point you may, you may come to that, um, maybe, maybe not. Uh, but that's my spiel. Yeah.

I mean, part of me does wonder if it's, if we're already in that space where it's the wrong arena. And I, I, I'm still open obviously to try and figuring it out, but I do get concern too that it's already too late in the copywriting space and even, but I mean, we can definitely try to specialize, specialize, specialize. But part of me wonders, Rob, if we take like our talents and skillset and just go in different space completely like the way Damien did. Yeah, yeah. It's possible.

I I mean, it's totally different feeling. I have a feeling that there's probably enough traction with what we've built for, you know, a one or two person business to, you know, have a de decent little paycheck. But it's not, we, we definitely need to change something in order to scale there. You know, whether it's e-comm or SaaS or fin you know, some other thing. May we, we might be able to differentiate.

Um, yeah, it's definitely we're thinking about. Yeah, I I mean mean, look, I I would say this and I don't want you to, you know, I, I don't want you to, um, I I'm certainly not telling you that I, I'm certainly not telling you that there is not an opportunity in the copywriting space. I am not saying that at all. Um, I think the general copywriting market, the, the approach of generally, like we help copywriters to, you know, to get gigs, to get jobs, to get that, I think it needs to be, needs to be tweaked, um, to what other opportunity is really gonna depend on where is there demand for copywriters? Where is that, where is there demand and where is that demand growing, right?

We want, we want to go where there, there's demand and the demand is growing. I also can we find, you know, where there's demand, the demand's growing and it's underserved where there is not, you know, a dozen whatever it is, people that are, that are talking about, you know, copy. Um, and then of course, what it ultimately goes back to is just confidence that you guys can, can deliver the, the solution, which, you know, there's a lot of positives in what it is that you said. Number one, you guys get great success stories from people that complete the program. You can't control who completes the program and who and, and who doesn't.

You could certainly put measures in place to incentivize and help, but at the end of the day, there are always gonna be people that don't follow through. There are always gonna be people that, that, that don't follow through. So you can't, like, so the fact that it doesn't work for some because they don't implement, I would not think twice about that. That to me, I am of the belief of Dan Kennedy, that that's not my job. I'm not here to hold your hand and make sure that you do your, you, you, you know, you do the work, right?

Like as long as you're upfront about the work needs to be done, and if you do the work, you're gonna get the results if they don't do the work that's on them. Um, but you got great success stories from people that follow your program. You said at the beginning that you do believe that the copywriting space is expanding. I would say I, I I, I would just add to that, that I think the, I I think that the, the copywriter space may be expanding, but the copywriters today, and you can correct me if I'm wrong because you know this space a lot better than I do, that the copywriters that are coming into the space today, the aspiring copywriters, I should say, are a little bit different from the folks that were coming into the space years ago in that the, the, the folks coming into the space years ago fell in love with the idea of copy and, you know, salesmanship and print and Eugene Schwartz and the direct response and the legends, and they loved hearing the stories and all that, you know, all that crap. And today, I think it's more about people are, are, um, enamored by, in a positive way.

They're enamored by the idea of having their own gig, of setting their own hours, right? Yeah. So it's a little bit different, right? Yeah. Yeah.

And so, right. That to me, which, that's another thing to me that is okay, that, that psychologically, even on the, the level of awareness, what they're most interested in is different today than what it was years ago. So years ago you could talk a lot of copy talk and they loved it, right? They were all into that. They, right.

Today it's about the opportunity to have your own gig and take care of your, your, you know, your, your, your bills and all that. Generate aside income, doing something cool, like putting words down on a, on a document. I think I'll take that and now go over to e-commerce, and I'm just using e-commerce as an example, but the, I.
