---
title: "Todd Brown's Monthly E5 Alliance Session 2025-07-31 23:00:54"
date: 2025-08-01
duration: 1h 20m
duration_seconds: 4803
vimeo_id: 1106320298
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Monthly E5 Alliance Session 2025-07-31 23:00:54

**Date:** 2025-08-01 | **Duration:** 1h 20m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, gang? Welcome to my first official E five Alliance call. Um, I have no idea how many are expected to be on here, uh, tonight, but I'm pumped and thrilled to be with you guys. You know, for what it's worth, share with you guys while we're waiting for, uh, whoever's gonna jump on with us to, uh, to jump on. Uh, number one is the E five Alliance is the only, the only group that, uh, that we have now, or that I have now that really Paul and I have now, uh, within the whole E five ecosystem.

Uh, there is no, so I, this is my only opportunity now to, to chat with, you know, the, uh, an intimate group of, of, uh, call it private clients. 'cause that's really how we view you guys in the, in the E five Alliance. And so I'm super excited to, uh, to be with you. It's been a while since I've had the opportunity to jump on kind of a group call like this and, um, and teach and answer some questions. And so I'm, I'm super excited, um, about it.

So let me go ahead and first of all, just make sure that, um, that, yeah, so, okay, so you guys can now chat with, uh, with me and with, uh, your fellow, uh, attendees. And so let me just make sure. Welcome. There you go. Okay.

So here's the way that we're gonna, we're gonna do this tonight. Uh, and this may be the way that I do these calls, um, going forward. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take the first 30 minutes to share a lesson with you or right to, to, to teach you something, right? Something that I, some simple lessons each week that I really, uh, that I'm gonna prepare just for you guys and gals, right? Um, and then I'm gonna do 30 minutes of questions.

So I'm my, I'm gonna attempt, uh, every week, or excuse me, every month when I do these calls to get you out of here in an hour. Um, and I think that we'll be able to pull that off because we're gonna keep the E five Alliance super tight and super intimate. Uh, we're not gonna have, uh, you know, at any point, uh, you know, a huge number of people on here by any stretch. And so, I believe Paul is capping the E five Alliance at 15, maybe 18. And so, uh, even if we had a hundred percent attendance on these, which we never, you know, we never usually do, uh, then, uh, that's still more than enough.

And so what I'm gonna do is I am going to, um, rock and roll, and I'm going to pull up, I'm gonna share my screen over here, and then I'm going to bring up this little, uh, this little slide deck, okay? So I can actually still see, uh, I can actually still see the chat. And so if, as I'm going through this, if you've got any questions about what it is that I'm covering, uh, for you, um, here, definitely fire away. I'm gonna keep my eye on the time just to make sure that we get the full 30 minutes to answer questions. Uh, but if you have any questions as I'm going through the, the teaching, definitely fire away.

Just drop that right into the, um, the chat, and I will take it. So I couldn't figure out a better title, or I, I didn't spend enough time figuring out a better title for this, rather than four critical business lessons. But what I'm gonna share with you are really four of, you know, I, I, I think four of the most impactful lessons that I've learned, um, over the years about scaling, growing a direct response driven business. And so, um, right, these aren't the only critical or wildly valuable lessons, uh, that I've learned. But these are four that I think is important to really share with you guys at the beginning of our journey in the E five Alliance.

And so, without further ado, I'm gonna just jump in and go through, um, each of these, um, one at a time for you and unpack this for you. And again, I want you to maintain the frame, the viewpoint that these are some of the most valuable business lessons that I've learned over decades, being a, an entrepreneur, specifically growing multiple direct response driven businesses in our own portfolio of companies, as well as obviously, you know, uh, a huge amount of, of clients in a variety of different spaces, countries, all that. So the first one is simple. And this is something that I really didn't fully understand early on. Uh, and that is that business in the direct response world, or a direct, a direct response driven business, the type of business that we all have here, success, thriving, growth, scaling is ultimately a game of economics and investing.

It's not a game really of marketing. It's not really a game of marketing performance. And you'll, you'll understand what I mean in, in, in just a second. You know, I think, you know, let me start by saying, um, by saying this, right? There are two different sets of metrics that we look at, data points, if you will, that we look at when we're scaling, scaling a direct response driven business.

There are the marketing performance metrics. And some of you may have heard me talk about this before. I've been talking about this for many years since I really came to this realization, right? There are marketing performance metrics. Those are the typical marketing metrics and data points that we hear most online marketers talk about.

Things like opt-in rate, sales conversion rate, order form, completion rate, or order form, abandonment rate, uh, bump offer, conversion rate, or bump offer, take rate, uh, you know, upsell take rate or upsell, um, conversion rate, right? All of those things are marketing performance metrics. They tell us how a particular step or stage in a marketing funnel is performing. You could even really get down to even more kind of, uh, myopic, uh, a myopic level or, you know, an even deeper level where we look at, you know, let's say how many people hit a page, how many people press play on the video? If there's a video on the page, what percentage of people complete the video?

Et cetera. What percentage of people then, of course, opt in, let's say, right? What percentage of people convert click from the VSL to the, um, to the order form? If you've got a step, you know, a two step checkout, right? How many, what percentage of people complete?

Step one, what's percentage of people complete step two and so on, right? Like, and we could go, go through an entire campaign that way. That is what we call marketing performance metrics. And those metrics tell us how well each of those pieces are performing or underperforming in a marketing funnel. And then we've got the financial performance metrics.

And to keep this real simple, you could say that, right? There are really kind of three different, uh, three different financial performance metrics from a marketing and scaling perspective that we look at. There is CPA, or sometimes it is cac, right? Uh, um, cost per acquisition or customer acquisition cost, oftentimes those are used interchangeably to refer to how much does it cost us to acquire a single customer, right? And so, right, call it cac, customer acquisition cost, or cost per acquisition, uh, you know, is what does it cost us to acquire a single, uh, single customer?

What's it cost us to acquire a customer? So if we spend a thousand dollars right on ads and we acquire 10 customers, well, that a thousand dollars divided by 10 customers gives us a hundred dollars of customer acquisition cost, or a hundred dollars CPA, if you will. That means that, right? And, and if we, if we continue to operate there, where for every thousand dollars that we invest, we, we generate 10 buyers meaning, right? Like, uh, um, and so, right?

We, you know, a thousand dollars, 10 buyers, $10,000, a hundred buyers, and so on, right? Well, we know then that our customer acquisition costs our CPA is a hundred dollars that it costs us on average $100 to acquire a customer, right? And then there is A-O-V-A-O-V is the average order value. That's the average amount of money that a customer spends. The, the, the average number or the number that the average customer spends when they go through a campaign, right?

The day that they become a customer, right? How much is the, uh, how much on average does the typical customer spend? Now, look, if you were selling a product for a hundred dollars, excuse me, and that was the only product that you were offering to customers on the day that they become a customer, meaning you didn't have an a bump offer on the order form, you didn't have an upsell, you didn't have a downsell, you didn't have anything like that. You were just selling one product and that product was a hundred dollars. Well, we know then obviously, that the average order value is going to be a hundred dollars, right?

It can't be any less because right? You're only selling something for a hundred dollars, so there is nothing less, right? And it can't be any number greater than that because you're not selling anything else. So we would know right off the bat that that would be your average order value, but the moment that you add in a bump offer on the order form, you know, an upsell, a second, upsell a downsell, right? And you, you add in additional options for people to buy, we know that a certain percentage are gonna take advantage of those offers.

Maybe on the, the, the bump offer. Maybe it's 30% of the people take advantage of that bump off, meaning 30% add the bump order to their order before they check out, and then, right, maybe upsell one, it's 20%, 20% of all buyers that, that, uh, that see upsell. One or 20% of all your buyers decide they want to add the upsell one to their, um, to their order. And so they take it, right? And then maybe upsell two is 10%, right?

And 10% of your customers that hit upsell two, take advantage of upsell two and add it to their order ultimately, right? What happens is then we would add up the amount of revenue generated over a given period of time, and we would divide that from that campaign, right, from that one funnel, if you will. And then we would divide that by the number of buyers generated. How many new, how many customers did we acquire? So we would take the total amount of revenue, divide it by the total amount of buyers, and that would give us the average order value, right?

So that's right. So already we've talked about two things. We've talked about customer acquisition costs, right? CPA, how much it costs us to acquire a buyer. And we talked about what is the average buyer worth, and then of course, on day zero when they become a customer, and then there is lifetime value, and lifetime value is somewhat of a nebulous term because, you know, what do we mean by lifetime?

What you could say is that there are life, there's lifetime value. There is, call it an incremental customer value at different points. So the day that they become a buyer, the, the, the average amount of money that they spend is typically referred to as right average order value. But the way that I want you to kind of just think about it for a second is that's lifetime value on day zero, the day that they become a buyer, lifetime value on day zero is the same as average order value, right? That is what the average buyer is worth to you on day zero.

But then if we look right in the typical direct response driven business, there are other offers that are gonna be presented to those buyers. Now going forward, maybe a week later, there's a new offer, right? A backend offer, um, that's presented to those, to those, uh, to those buyers. Maybe two weeks later, there's another offer and so on, right? And so, a certain percentage of our buyers are going to purchase those, right?

Um, and so then ultimately we could see, well, what is the lifetime value of our average, uh, of our average customer on day 30? So now, 30 days after we acquire those, you know, a buyer, what is the average buyer worth to us? Well, if we're making quality offers to our list on the backend, the backend is all the offers that we present to buyers, right? Well, then we know that the lifetime value on day 30 is gonna be some number higher than the lifetime value on day zero or than the average order value, right? Because we know that a certain percentage of people are gonna purchase the backend.

So again, you've got, what does it cost you to acquire a customer? What is the customer worth to you on day zero? And what is the customer worth to you at different increments going forward? Day 30, day 90, right? Um, six months.

And, um, and so on. Those numbers are financial performance metrics. And the thing to understand is that the only thing that really matters when it comes to the scalability of a campaign, and ultimately the scalability of a business, is the performance, um, the financial performance metrics, not the marketing performance metrics. You see, I want you to understand that, right? That you can't deposit sales conversion rate.

You could have a campaign that has a 10% sales conversion rate, and you could be losing money out the wazoo. You could have a campaign that is performing really well in terms of the, the marketing assets, the opt-in page, the, you know, the sales page, the order form, the bump offer, the, the upsell could all be performing really well above industry average, and you could still be losing money if, let's say you're not aware of the economic side of things, meaning, right? It meaning like, look, you could have great opt-in rate, great sales conversion rate, or let's say you're just going add to, to, to sales page. So, right? You got a great sales conversion rate.

Let's say you're converting 10% on the front end, 12%, whatever, right? And you're just crushing it, uh, in the campaign. Well, if you're selling a $10 product, right? Um, let's say you're only selling a $10 product and you've got no bump offer or a no upsell, so let's just say you're only selling a $10 product. Well, if it costs you, let's say, $5 to get a visitor to your site, no matter what you do on the marketing performance side of things, no matter how much you attempt to optimize that, if you're selling a product for $10 and you're paying $5 per visitor when you're running ads through Facebook, through YouTube, whatever, um, right?

No amount of marketing optimization is gonna make that campaign work, because economically it's broken, right? You would need to be converting at a 50% rate, you would need to have a 50% sales conversion rate just to break even on that. And that assumes that there are no cost of goods associated with the product that you're selling. And so, right? No amount of optimization is gonna get you there on the front end when it comes to paid media.

And so that's a perfect example, right? Of like, you could have a great performing marketing campaign with marketing performance metrics that are through the roof, and you could still be losing money. You could also have, uh, very low, uh, marketing performance numbers and be crushing it, right? And so you could have, right? Like, you know, uh, one of the companies that I work very, very deeply with is a hundred million dollars plus company, and right?

They rarely crack 1% conversion rate on the front end, but yet they're a hundred million dollar, there are actually $130 million plus, um, business, a monster business, right? They acquire a thousand buyers a day, a thousand buyers a day, and yet they rarely have a front end campaign that converts higher than 1%. And so you have to understand that the only thing that matters is the marketing, excuse me, is the financial performance metrics. Are the metrics, like, right? Like, what does it cost me to acquire a buyer?

And what is that buyer worth to me on day zero, right? And, and as your business gets more mature, right? What does it cost me to acquire a buyer? What is that buyer worth to me on day zero? And what is that buyer worth to me on day 14, day 21, day 30, right?

Day seven, right? Um, those are the, that's the only thing that matters, right? Like, I don't really care if I have a campaign and one of our portfolio companies, if I have a campaign that is breakeven on the front, that means for every thousand dollars that we invest in traffic, we make back a thousand dollars of new buyers on day zero, right? Like, in other words, we're at breakeven, we're operating at breakeven. I don't care about the, the marketing performance metrics at all.

I couldn't care less whether the, the sales conversion rate was 10%, or whether the sales conversion rate was 1%. Because the only thing, because none of those numbers on the marketing performance side, uh, uh, indicate whether a campaign is scalable or not. The only numbers that do are the mar are the financial performance metrics are things like, um, again, uh, CPA and A OV. That's why I call it the golden ratio CPA to a OV, because that is the only ratio that you really need to know in order to be able to scale your business, um, intelligently and properly, right? And depending on where you're at, you might have a, a one to one-to-one ratio, where for every dollar you make back a dollar break, even, you might have it where it's, you know, um, it's one to 0.8, meaning for every dollar you invest, you only need to, to make back 80 cents, uh, on day zero.

Why? Because, you know, the backend is going to make up for it. The point that I want you to understand here is that, right? What the biggest, best online marketers, direct response driven marketers understand is that this is a game of economics, not a game of marketing performance. That if you can make the economics work, if you could pay less than what a buyer is worth to you, right?

Um, then you're gonna do well, right? If you pay more than what a buyer is worth to you, I just mean worth over the life of their patronage in your business. If you pay more than, uh, for that customer than what the average customer is worth to your business, you will eventually go out of business regardless of how great your marketing performance metrics are. And so, you've gotta understand that those marketing performance metrics are merely there to tell us, right? How well the different steps of a campaign, uh, are performing so that if a campaign is not performing on the economic side, we know what to do or where to address our attention from an optimization perspective, right?

But they don't tell you marketing performance numbers. They don't tell you whether a campaign is scalable or not. They only tell you how the different pieces are, are functioning. The reason why I say here, right? Right.

So number one, you could see why I say that direct response is a game of economics, because it is, right? At the end of the day, the game is won or lost based on the economics of the acquisition of buyers, right? Are you paying more for what a buyer is worth? Are you paying less for a buyer than what a buyer is worth to you? Obviously we know that, right?

That, uh, the game, the name of the game is to pay less than what a buyer is worth to you, right? Or to make your buyer's worth more than what it is that you're paying for them, which is ultimately saying the same thing, right? It's like, we need to pay less for a buyer than what a buyer is worth to you. And you do that over and over and over again at enough volume, and you make a, a lot of money in smaller niches, in smaller markets, right? You need the difference between what you pay and what the customer is worth to be that much larger, right?

Another words in low volume markets, right? You need the spread between what you're paying to acquire a customer and what the customer is worth to be wide in high volume or, or markets that have a large total, uh, addressable market, right? That margin that that spread between what you're paying to acquire them and what they're worth can be much, um, much tighter. But the point is, is that it's a game of economics. The reason why I say, right, it's a game of economics and investing, is because ultimately what I want you guys to realize is that really, if you boil it down, we're in the investing business as entrepreneurs.

If you are, if you are on here and you're an entrepreneur, and you have your own business, you are an investor, you're investing in the acquisition of assets just like anybody else, that's an investor, a real estate person, you know, a real estate investor is, uh, investing in the Acquisition of real estate assets. An equity investor is, you know, stock investor is investing in the acquisition of equity, um, assets. We are doing the same thing except our assets, our, our, our customers, right? And just like any other asset, just like a real estate asset, just like an equity asset, there's a cost to acquire the asset. There's a cost to acquire the customer, which is our asset in this case, right?

Which we already talked about, CPA or customer acquisition cost. There is a value, uh, of that asset that we acquire the day that we acquire it, that is what we call average order value or lifetime value on day zero, right? Just like, just like when you acquire a property, uh, in real estate, right? There's a cost, and then there is a value to that property that you are acquiring the day that you acquire it. And then there is a future value to that, um, to that asset, right?

There is, right? A lot of stock investors, the majority of Main Street, you know, mainstream stock investors are investing in stock, hoping that it goes up over time, right? That in six months it'll be worth more than it is now. So they, there's a cost to acquire it, there's a value the day that they acquire it, and there's a future value that they hope is going to be greater than the the present day value, which is how they're gonna make their their money on it, right? Um, and we are the same way.

We operate the same way. The difference and the beauty of being a direct response, you know, investor, if you will, is that over time, you will know what the future value of the typical customer is going to be for you. So, unlike the equity investor who is speculating on whether that stock is going to go up or not, we don't have to speculate because over time, you, you'll know what the value of the average customer is because you'll, you're, you're able to track lifetime value with a direct response driven business. And so, right? It's, it's why, like, look, if you think about it for one second, right?

It's Netflix knows the average length of time that a subscriber, um, remains a subscriber. And so they know that, right? Let's just say hypothetically, I don't even know what Netflix costs today, uh, per month anymore. Let's call it 20 bucks to make things real simple, right? Let's say it's 20 bucks a month for Netflix.

Uh, somebody knows how much Netflix is. I'm just curious how way off I am or, or, uh, or whatnot, pop it into the, to the chat. Um, let me know how much Netflix is, uh, excuse me. Um, what was I gonna say? Let's say, right, let's say it's 20 bucks.

Um, well, right? We know that when somebody becomes a subscriber on day zero, right? They're worth 20 bucks to Netflix, they're worth 20 bucks because they just paid for their first month. But if Netflix knows hypothetically that the average subscriber stays for 10 months, right? Well, then they know that the average subscriber is really worth $200 to them, right?

$20, the, the average subscriber's worth 20 bucks on day zero, and then 30 days later is worth, you know, another 20 that's 40 bucks and, and then 60 bucks and right? And so on, and so, right? If the length of time was only 10 months, right? Netflix knows that they know the average value of a new subscriber, they know on average and in direct response we use. So I wasn't too far off, Andy.

So, all right, so 25, 25 bucks, right? So I said 20 bucks, so, right? Netflix knows the average value. And so I want you to think about it right now. I want you to just think about it for one second, and this is right.

We're gonna, we're gonna, uh, go on to the second lesson in, in just a minute. Um, that, right? So it's a game now of, of economics and investing for Netflix, because if they know, right? Just like it is for any other investor with any other asset class, if we know, if we owned, if we owned Netflix together, Andy and I owned Netflix together, and we knew that on day zero, a customer was worth 20 bucks to us. But on average, right?

Over the next 10 months, which is the average life of a, of a subscriber at Netflix, let's just say that they were gonna spend a total of $200, uh, um, with us. Well, how much would we be willing to invest to acquire a new subscriber, right? This is where, right, the mom and pop entrepreneur, the typical mom and pop entrepreneur would say, well, they're gonna spend 20 bucks with us the day that they become a customer. So we're willing to spend $10 to acquire a new customer, right? Because if we spend $10 and they spend 20 bucks with us, we make $10 profit on that, on that transaction.

So they're willing to spend 10 bucks to acquire a, a customer, the typical mom and pop out there in the right, in the world of business. But as direct response marketers knowing that it's a game of economics and investing, well, number one, I certainly would be willing to spend 20 bucks, right? To acquire a customer, right? Because why, why number one, if we're going up against other competitors, and those other competitors are, are thinking like the typical mom and pop, and they're only willing to invest, um, $10 to get a customer, and we come along and we're willing to spend $20 double what it is that, um, they're willing to spend, well, we can use channels that they can't, we can pay double per visitor what they're paying, right? Like we could have, um, campaigns that are converting half as good as, as what they need, right?

And we can still acquire those buyers, but the reality is, is that over time, right? Once our business matures and we've got cash flow and whatnot, I would say, well, I'd be willing to certainly spend $40 to acquire a buyer, right? Why, why would I be willing to spend $40 to acquire a buyer in this example with Netflix, $20 a month, you know, average life being 10 months, $200. Why? Is because ultimately I'm trading $40 for 200, right?

In other words, I invest 40, right? Ultimately to right, to get a, to acquire a subscriber, right? I invest, right? I invest 40 bucks to get a subscriber, immediately I make back 20 on that, right? In day zero, now I'm negative 20, meaning, now I just acquired a buyer and I'm, I'm, my bank account is $20 less, but 30 days later, right?

If I'm assuming right? We have the cashflow or a mature business, right? I recoup that 20, and then every month there after, right now, I'm profitable, meaning, so, right? It cost me 40 bucks to acquire a buyer. That buyer, right?

Make brings in 200 bucks, um, um, for me. So, um, I profited 160 bucks. $60, right? The thing to understand is this, well, people would say, well, wait a second. You profited Todd.

In that example, you profited 160, uh, you, you spend 40 to acquire a buyer, and so you, right, you, you only profited $160 on the buyer, whereas the mom and pop only spent $10 to acquire the buyer, and they profited 190 on the buyer, right? And the, that is absolutely the case for sure, except at $10 a buyer, they're gonna acquire a fraction of the amount of buyers that we could acquire at $40, because the reality, uh, uh, is, and this'll tie in together right here, the reality is, right, is that he or she who can afford to and does spend the most to acquire a customer will win. In other words, this is a very different mindset from the typical mom and pop entrepreneur who's constantly thinking, how can we reduce our marketing budget? How can we spend more, excuse me, how can we spend less to acquire a customer, right? How do we trim our marketing budget, right?

How do we trim our marketing expense, right? And how do we pay less and less to acquire a buyer? That is the complete opposite. That's the complete antithesis of the most successful direct response driven entrepreneurs. The most successful direct response driven entrepreneurs are constantly thinking about, how can I afford to spend more to acquire a buyer?

Well, you can afford to spend more to acquire a buyer. The greater the lifetime value of the buyer is the more that we increase the lifetime value of a buyer, the more we sell to existing buyers, the more often we sell to existing buyers, the more that those buyers become worth to us, the more money we can use to acquire buyers on the front end. In other words, right? Like, if, if we knew, again, think about this for one second, right? We're Netflix, we have a $200 lifetime value, right?

I'm just, again, making this up as an example. We have a $200 lifetime value, and we're competing against another streaming company, um, that has, um, a hundred dollars lifetime value. Well, the right at, you know, at the one, the, the a hundred dollars lifetime value company, right? Like the most that they could spend, excuse me, to acquire a buyer is a hundred dollars. And that would mean they make no money, right?

There's zero profit in that business, right? So that wouldn't be a profitable business if they spent a hundred dollars, right? So maybe they would spend $90 or $80, right? To, um, to acquire a buyer. Well, if right, we grew our lifetime value at Netflix to $200, um, therefore, right?

We could spend a hundred dollars to acquire a buyer and we still make a hundred dollars in profit. In other words, we can use more. We have more money to use from the lifetime value to subsidize acquisition. And that's what makes the game easy, right? That's what makes the game easier, excuse me, easier is, right, being able to spend more and more on acquisition.

The less that you can spend on acquisition, the harder the game is, because then, right, your, your marketing performance, your marketing performance needs to be absolutely stellar, right? In order to, like, in order to keep your, your acquisition costs low, as the cost of media goes up. But when you can spend, like, when, when you're like, Hey, I, I could spend 50 bucks today to acquire a buyer, right? Um, and in two months with our LTV growth, I'm gonna be able to spend 75 bucks to acquire a buyer, right? The game just got significantly easier because it's much easier to acquire a buyer at $75 than it is at $50.

Just like it's much easier to acquire a buyer at $50 if you can afford to spend $50 to acquire a buyer than it is if you can only afford to spend $10 to acquire a buyer, right? The person who can only afford to spend $10 to acquire a buyer is going to lose to the person who can spend 50, and the person who can spend 50 is going to lose to the person who could spend one 100 all else being equal. And so the thing to understand, right, is that we're just investors, right? And I'm looking at what is the cost to acquire the buyer? What is the buyer worth to me on day zero?

And then what is the buyer worth to me in the future, right? In 30 days, in 60 days, in 90 days, that's how we're making our, our marketing decisions. And then we use the marketing performance data to improve campaigns where they need to be improved to make sure that our financial performance data is where it needs to be. And ultimately, the game is one scale. The ability to scale and scale big, right?

And scale fast comes from being able to pay more and more for new customers, being able to pay more and more for new customers, not less and less, right? If you are, if your business is constantly trying to figure out how to, how to pay less to acquire customers, your business is extremely vulnerable. Because over time, the cost of acquisition only goes up in valuable markets. It doesn't go down. It only goes up Instead of figuring out or thinking about, and this is where the typical entrepreneur thinks.

Instead of thinking about how can I lower my cost to acquire a buyer, I think about how, how can I increase the value of a buyer, the value of a buyer, so that I can afford to spend more and more. How can I continually increase the value of a buyer, right? So that I can continually spend more and more to acquire a buyer. When you do that, and you're constantly raising lifetime value, and then using a percentage of that to, to acquire, you know, to acquire, uh, to pay for the acquisition of customers, and you're continually working on lifetime value and continually raising what it is that you can spend or do spend to acquire a buyer, you create a machine, a freaking scaling machine, which is why, and I'm gonna skip the third bullet just for a second and go to the, the, and then we'll come back to it, and I'm gonna go to this one. This is why, despite what a lot of, uh, a lot of marketers have been led to believe, the majority of your marketing focus should be on the back end, not the front end.

In other words, what I see done from the overwhelming majority of online marketers, especially new online marketers, is the overwhelming majority of their time is invested into acquisition. And certainly when you're launching a business, that 100% of your time should be invested into the acquisition of customers. But over time, as your business grows, the percentage of your focus should begin to shift more and more to the back end, right? Because scale comes from being able to spend more on the front end, and being able to spend more on the front end comes from raising lifetime value, and raising lifetime value occurs on the backend, right? So the backend is monetizing buyers.

In other words, it's increasing lifetime value. The way that I want you to think about it is, the front end acquisition is only one transaction. It's the first time that you, you that a prospect becomes a customer. It's the first transaction that they participate in, right? It's that first funnel that they go through when they go from being a prospect to being a customer in your business.

The backend is, every other transaction after that is transaction 2, 3, 4, 5 into perpetuity, right? And so the backend really is the business that you are in. The backend is where you generate your profit, right? The front end is the most expensive activity in any direct response driven business because you're paying for the acquisition of a buyer. And in many cases, you're either breaking even, uh, when you acquire those buyers or you're acquiring those buyers at a loss, meaning for every dollar that you spend, you're only making back 80 cents on the front end.

That's very common. The biggest, most successful direct response companies acquire buyers at a negative on the front end, not right? They're not looking to profit on the front end. They're not looking to even break even on the front end. They're looking to acquire the maximum number, and they're, so, they're, and because they know lifetime value, they're willing to, they're willing to go negative on the front.

'cause they know that they're gonna, they're gonna make it up and they have the, the cash flow. But my point here is that, right? So many marketers, so many entrepreneurs focus relentlessly on acquisition, acquisition, acquisition, and they don't realize that, right? The money in your business is on the back end. You have to understand that a million dollars in your business from the front end and a million dollars in your business, million revenue in your business from the back end are two completely different things.

Remember, a million dollars on the front end right? Now, you have to subtract all of your acquisition costs. And right, if hypothetically, right? Let's say, right, let's say for every dollar that you invested on the front end, you made back $2 on day zero, which is rare today, right? That you invest a dollar and day zero you make back too.

When you hear people online in social media talk about roas, return on ad spend, and you hear them like, oh, we've got a 200% roas. 90% of the time it is because they're counting a follow-up campaign three days later or four days later as part of their, um, roas. They're not looking at just day zero, they're looking at day zero through seven. And so, right? And so that's when they say they've got a 200% roas meaning, right?

For every dollar that they invest, they make back, you know, um, $2, right? Well, let's say you were even doing that, right in this example, right? That, let's say you were doing that for every dollar that you invest in the front end, you acquire, um, $2, right? And, and you generated a million dollars on the, on the front, and then you generated another million on the back. Well, you gotta remember that million on the front.

You immediately have to have to cut that in half, because remember, you had $500,000 in, uh, in acquisition costs, right? We said for every dollar that you invest, you make back too, that means one of those dollars has to go to pay back the right. And so that means that that million dollars from the front end is really only worth 500 grand. That million on the back end is worth a million. And so you have to understand that, right?

It's, you're not, it's a dollar isn't just a dollar in the business. It depends on where it's being generated, and really the cost to generate it when all of your acquisition costs are being handled on the front end, or the overwhelming majority are being handled on the front end, the back end is almost primarily profit, right? Is call it 80 plus percent profit for the average, you know, for the typical direct response person, that means, right, totally different. The front end. You could have a 20% profit, like if a profit at all, right?

You could even be going negative Point is, is that right? There's a difference. And so the last thing that I wanna mention, um, actually, I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna save this third one for, for the next month, for next month's call, uh, or maybe I'll have Paul share this with you because this is deep, and I don't wanna rush this, but I do want to take time to have your questions. This is really in the weeds in terms of the promise exposure spectrum, and understanding where your prospects are at on that promise exposure spectrum.

What have they heard already from other marketers, um, from in other campaigns, um, which therefore tells you how sophisticated they are. And then, right? We need to make sure that our message matches the sophistication of where the audience is, um, is at. And so there's a lot to this, and so I don't wanna rush this, but I wanna honor your schedule for, um, eight o'clock, and I wanna make sure that we can answer, I can answer your questions. So I'm gonna do this over here.

I'm gonna stop sharing this, and I am going to go over and see, um, what questions you have. We have such a tight, you know, such a small crew here live with us, um, tonight that like, you got a question, fire away. And so Andy said, the investing analogy was great. It makes a lot of sense. Good.

That's the way I, I love hearing that, Andy, because, you know, that's the way that I operate. That's the way that we operate all of our portfolio companies, that's the way the biggest and best direct response companies. And I've consulted with some of the biggest on the planet. I certainly consulted with the biggest on the planet, the Agora companies across the board in multiple, um, multiple divisions, affiliates. And that is the way that, that they all, they all think about, they all, they all recognize, right?

That it's a game of economics, and we are investors. And that's ultimately what you're doing. That's why I said to you guys that I don't really care about the sales conversion rate or, you know, the order form abandonment rate. Like, the very first thing that I look at is what is, what is it costing us to acquire a buyer? And what is the buyer worth?

And let's say hypothetically, let's say, right, we decided we're in a, we're in a fairly, let's just call it immature business or a young business early yet, and we don't have a whole lot of data yet on the backend, right? Maybe we only, we have a very small backend right now suite of products or offers, whatever on the backend right now and let's say, right? So our goal then, let's say, is, um, break even. Our goal should never be to be profitable on the front that you're, you're leaving buyers on the table if you are profitable on the front, right? That means like, right?

If you know for every, if you get a $20 buyer, if every buyer is worth, again, let's go back to if every buyer is worth 20 bucks to you, right? Let's just say, um, and right? You're, you're only willing to spend $10 to acquire a buyer. Um, you wanna be profitable on the front, um, you're leaving buyers on the table by not being willing to spend 20 and see, like the reason why I would spend 20 in a, I would go in and I would say, okay, with this business, like, we're not gonna go, we're not gonna go negative on the front because we don't know our metrics yet on the back, we don't know the lifetime value. We don't have enough data yet, we haven't been around long and we haven't generated a, a big enough volume, uh, to really know for sure.

Well, okay, so we're gonna operate in break even. What that means is that right there needs to be a one-to-one ratio, CPA to a OV. So when I look at a campaign, when we start running, you know, paid traffic, right? I'm gonna look and I'm gonna see, alright, what is it costing us to acquire a buyer and what is that buyer worth? Now, let's say I see that, wow, okay.

You know, uh, we spent, um, you know, we spent $200 on a Facebook ads today. Our, you know, our first day running ads, we spent 200 bucks or whatever, and we acquired, um, 10 buyers, and each of those buyers are worth 20 bucks to us. Well, right? Like, 'cause I'm just using the Netflix numbers again, just to keep things real simple. Well, okay, so I know we spent 200, we acquired 10, right?

And so 200 divided by 10 is $20. That means it costs us $20 to acquire a buyer. And the average, the, the buyer is worth $20 to us. Meaning we hit that one-to-one ratio, meaning we are at break even, great. I'm gonna scale that thing out the wazoo, I'll scale that thing, right?

Uh, uh, I'll continue to just scale that thing and see tomorrow, can we spend 400 bucks, right? And see if we're, if those numbers are still holding, why, because my bank account is no less today than it was two days ago, right? Except now I've got 10 new customers, right? And then if, if we spend double that the next day, right? We'll, we'll have, you know, uh, um, 20 new customers plus the 10, now we've got 30 customers in, right?

And all I'm doing is just recycling the money over and over to acquire the single most valuable asset in a direct response driven business, which is the customer, right? And I'll just continue to, I'll let that thing run and run and run and run as now I am creating my first backend offer, and now I'm gonna go and I'm gonna, and right now I'm gonna take that backend offer and I'm gonna expose it to, um, to buyers, to all the buyers that I generated. I'm certainly gonna wait until I acquire enough buyers. Like I'm gonna keep scaling that on the front end, keep acquiring buyers, even if I'm not making any money. I don't care.

As long as I'm not losing money, as long as I'm breaking even on the acquisition of those buyers, I'm gonna continue, right? I'm acquiring the single most valuable asset in the business for free. That's the way to look at it for free. My bank account is no less today than it was right a week ago, except now I have the single most valuable asset in the business customers, people that have shown me that they're interested in what it is that I have to offer by raising their hand and whipping out their wallet and actually paying for something, right? I'm not talking about leads, I'm talking about buyers, right?

Right. Buyers. And so I'm gonna continue to bring in those buyers at break even. I'm acquiring those assets for free, and now I know all my profit's gonna come on the backend. And so now I'm gonna roll out my first backend offer, and then I'll roll out my second back end offer as I'm allowing that front end to continue to bring in new buyers.

And if it's at breakeven, great, I'll do that all day every day. I'll do that all day every day. Now, over time, lemme just take a drink. As I've gotten older, man, I used to be able to go three hours on calls without it, without my voice straining at all. It's amazing after all these years, how now, you know, 45 minutes in, um, it can get strained.

Um, it's probably just me not talking correctly. Um, I appreciate that, Andy. Um, uh, well, was I gonna say now look as the backend, right? As we roll out new backend offers, right? We're, we're, we're gonna see, okay, our customers are worth more now to us right now.

Now the average customer is not worth $20. They're worth $25 to us right now. We know. Okay, cool. So day zero, when I acquire a customer, I make no profit, but 14 days later, I make $5 profit for every buyer that I bring in, right?

On average, some you'll make more, some you'll make less, but on average, and again, with direct response, we, we look at averages. And so, great, cool. Now I'll, I'll roll out another one and maybe it goes from 25, you know, to 35. And so, right. Eventually what's gonna happen is, and now the business is generating profit, then I'm gonna use a percentage of that, uh, of that backend revenue to now be able to spend more on the front.

So maybe I, I say, right, like maybe I, maybe I say 10% of the lifetime value, 10% I'm going to use, uh, I'm going to allocate towards the front meaning, right? Like, meaning, like, I'm willing to now spend 10%, I'm gonna, I'm willing to look at my lifetime value. Let's say lifetime value is, you know, is, uh, what did we say we said, right? With Netflix, 20 bucks a month, 10 months, right? 200 bucks, right?

Over time, cool. Now we're profitable, we got cashflow. Maybe. Now I say up and this is conservative, I'm willing to take 10% of that, that 200, that's $20, and I'm willing to use that now to acquire buyers. What do I mean?

Well, every buyer is worth 20. So I'm always gonna be willing to spend 20, but now I'm gonna take that 10% right from the lifetime value, and now I'm gonna be willing to spend 40. Now I can spend 40 and I can now, um, acquire that many more customers, or it becomes that much easier for me to, um, afford a, um, customers. And so as that lifetime value grows when it grows from 200 to 300, now, right now instead of 20, I could do 30. So now I can invest, right?

70, um, in, you know, or whatever it is, right? Whatever the number is. And so, um, or 50, whatever the, whatever that number was, and yeah, it was 50, it would've been, it would've been 50. And so, lemme see. So, uh, so here's a question.

So the example assumes that the prospect becomes buyers, um, in the first go. What if you're generating warm leads after the first front end campaign? There's only a free offer. Do we justify that based on lifetime value, based on how many of these leads will convert to buyers at some point in the future? So, okay, so let me see if I can explain this to you.

So first and foremost, right? So whether you use a two step campaign or a one step, two step is where you send to some sort of opt-in page, right? You give away a lead magnet, a freebie, whatever, and you're getting people to opt in. And then after they opt in, then you're ultimately liquidating, um, liquidating them, um, so to speak. Um, right?

So that's two step. One step is add, write to sales page, or video sales letter, or long form sales. Page two step is add to opt-in, you know, to lead magnet whatever to sales page. And so, look, the thing to understand is that, that you're not in the business of generating leads. You're in the business of generating customers.

And so at some point, right there is going to be, you're gonna be able to calculate your cost per acquisition, whether you are like, look, whether you are generating leads, you're paying to generate leads today for some freebie, and you only put out your offer in one week, you know, one week after they become a lead, let's just say you put out an offer to them, um, th there are still going to be a cost per acquisition. What it costs you to acquire a buyer, and there's still gonna be an average order value, what that buyer is worth to you the day that they become that buyer. And there's still gonna be a lifetime value after that. The only difference in that type of model, if they're, if you're generating leads, and then let's just say for example, you're waiting a week before you put an offer out in front of them. The only, the only difference is that, um, is there's an impact on your cash flow in that model, because you're not actually monetizing you, you, you, for you, it would be, um, until you monetize those people, you are out money, in other words, right?

Like you are, you, your bank account is less until you recoup it one week later. And so rather than saying, Hey, my bank account is no less than it was two days ago, for you, if you waited a week, like you would have to say it's no less than it was a week ago, right? Um, but the point is that it, there, there is no, there is no difference in the, you are still in the, the, the, you're still an investor, you're still investing in the acquisition of assets. It's just that the way you're choosing to do it is with a freebie. First, maybe a delay, and then a front end.

But it's, you're in business to generate buyers. And so at some point when you put that offer out in front of them, right, that there's gonna be a cost per acquisition, right? There's gonna be a right, you're, and now you're gonna ultimately have to look at and, and you're gonna, you're gonna have to look at, let's say we spent a thousand bucks, um, we spent a thousand bucks and we drove, you know, uh, we drove, you know, 200 people to an opt-in page and outta those 200 people that opted in, uh, excuse me, outta those 200 people that visited that page, a hundred opted in, right? We spent a thousand bucks, we sent 200 people to the page. And I'm just using this as simple math.

We spent 200, uh, sent 200 people to the page, 100 opted in. And then out of those 100, let's just say 10 people bought, right? 10 people bought. Well now, right? You're ultimately, your customer acquisition cost, remember is that a thousand bucks that you spent, the fact that you only got 100 of the 200 to opt in is irrelevant.

You spent a thousand bucks, you got a hundred people to opt in, and out of those people, you generated 10 customers. Now you could take everything, take tho those, those lead generation numbers and put 'em away. You spent a thousand and you generated 10, 10 buyers. A thousand dollars divided by 10 tells you that you have a customer acquisition cost of 100. Now you're gonna look at, well, what do, what do those buyers spend with you the day that they become a buyer?

And, and the, the same exact thing holds true. So there is no difference in the, um, in the, the way that you look at the numbers if you're using lead gen or not. The only difference is that, um, is, is really like even there could be a delay if you're, if you're not showing an offer right away, or let's just say you are, you're, you're sending, you're, you're, you're sending to an opt-in page for them to, to, for a lead magnet, a freebie. And, um, and then immediately when they opt in for the freebie, you bring them to a self-liquidating offer, a page like, so they opt in, it says, congrats your thing, your, your PDF is on its way to your email. It'll be there in 10 minutes.

In the meantime, check this out. And here's an offer, right? Excuse me. Um, and right, so in that case, doesn't matter that you request, you had the, the, the opt-in first. You spent X amount of, do you spent a thousand dollars, you send 200 people to that opt-in page.

Only 100 people opted in right outta that, outta those 100 people then, right? One, the, the 100 people hit your SLO, your self-liquidating offer. Let's say 10 of them bought cool, a thousand dollars divided by 10, a hundred dollars customer acquisition costs. So I just want you to think about the numbers don't change, and the way you calculate the numbers don't change. And the way that you use the numbers don't, don't change.

Um, it's just that, it, it, what you're talking about is the model that you are using to acquire, to acquire buyers. And so hope that, hope that makes, um, sense. There's only a free offer, right? Do we justify that based on lifetime value, how many of those leads will convert at buyers sometime in the future? So look, I would, I would tell you that, right?

Like, I wouldn't for the average, I just wanna make this clear. Uh, and then I'll answer, uh, I'll go to Andy's question and then if there are any other questions. So I, I wanna make this clear. I want you guys to, to get, okay, uh, what did we spend till they became a buyer, right? So like, look, hypothetically, right?

So, uh, what, what did we spend till they become a buyer, even for front end product, right? Right. So like, this is why, right? Like if you're a new business and right, you say to me, Hey, Todd, right? My model is I'm going to generate leads and then I'm gonna generate as many leads as I can, right?

Through paid media, through paid advertising, Facebook, YouTube, and I'm not gonna monetize them for another month. Well, I would say to you, right, well, you better have a lot of cash in the bank to be able to do that because you're just laying out money for leads, and you're not recouping any of that money for 30 days because you're not putting out an offer in front of them, which is why I, I would do everything in my power to convince you not to use that model. The model that I would use if I wanted to use a lead gen model, which I did for many, many years, a lead gen model model, we always did some sort of of self-liquidating offer right away. We always look to liquidate the cost of our traffic or the cost of our leads as quickly as we possibly can so that we don't negatively impact cash flow so that we can turn that money over and over, meaning, so that we can put that money back out to buy more leads to buy more customers, right? So you wanna give away a lead magnet, cool, give away a lead magnet to, to, to get leads, right?

Um, if that's, if that's what you wanna do, and then I would immediately bring them to a self-liquidating offer. I, in other words, I would try to monetize them right away, because if you could hypothetically break even on those, those people, well now you just, you're breaking even as you're acquiring customers and leads, right? Meaning if you spend a thousand bucks, right, and you make back a thousand bucks from the leads, right? Well, now you've got buyers, you've got leads that you can still sell to, and you recouped all your money. That's right.

That's why I say it's a game of economics and investing. Not notice that in this, I didn't say anything, right? Like I haven't said, as long as you've got an 8% sales conversion rate and your order form completion rate is at this amount, like, no, like, it's no. What is it costing you to acquire a buyer? Or what is it costing you to acquire a lead?

And what is a lead worth to you? And obviously you need to know how quickly are you monetizing leads if you're generating leads, right? Like, because again, if, if you, if you're trying to acquire as many leads as possible and it costs you, you know, um, it costs you $2 per lead, let's just say, to generate, well, right? Meet, what if you could generate 10,000 leads over the next three weeks, right? Well, if it costs you $2 and you generate 10,000 leads, that's $20,000 that you have to be prepared to invest, right?

And if you do that over three weeks, right? And you don't plan on monetizing them for 30 days, you could run outta money before you have the chance to monetize those, those leads. And so that's why I say it's a game of economics and in investing. And so, um, hope that, hope that does really help and make it clear now for you. Um, so Andy said, how would you determine what the first backend offer is and the, and the pricing strategy for it?

Wow. So that's a big, that's a big deep, um, deep question. You know, the, the, the, the first thing is, I don't know if there is a right or wrong answer for that, right? Like, there really isn't a right or wrong answer for that. First and foremost, I would say that, you know, there are a variety of different backend monetization models that a direct response business, uh, that any business really can use.

So often in the online marketing space, what you hear about is like the ascension model. This is right. People come in, you sell 'em a low ticket thing, then sell, you know, sell 'em something for 10 bucks, then sell 'em something for 90 bucks and sell 'em something for, you know, 3 99, then sell 'em something for a thousand, then sell 'em something for 5,000, and then sell 'em a big $20,000, you know, coaching package or something like that. Well, the reality is, is that that ascension model is really, um, really unique to the information marketing arena, and it's very rarely seen in most businesses. So most businesses don't have an ascension, um, model.

Um, some businesses have a dissension model where, right, like their backend, right? Their front end is most expensive and their backend is, you know, um, is less expensive. Like, let's say take for example, this just popped in my head, don't know why this popped in my head, but take like a, you know, like, uh, what is it like, uh, like Xbox, Xbox 360 or whatever it is today, right? Like, you know, Xbox, right? Well, the backend is the, the games, and I don't even know how it works anymore.

People are just downloading games online, or if they're getting the disc, whatever, that they used to, right? We used to get the disc thing, um, like I remember a day when it was a cartridge. Um, um, but right? So you pay more for the Xbox unit than you do for the games, the individual games. Now, over time, you'll pay more.

Like if you're a gamer, you'll pay more for games than you will over time on the backend than what you paid for the Xbox. Uh, but that's not an ascension model. If anything, that's a, a dissension model. Same thing with like, if you've ever seen like the Nespresso, right? Where you pay for the Nespresso unit, and then ultimately what is the backend, the pods that you put in there?

And that's where they really make their money. They're, they're that they're, they're really in the business of, of selling pods. Um, and so there are tons of examples, like, like where the thing that you buy first is highest and then it goes down. There are also lots and lots of businesses where the, um, the backend is just more of the same. Look at Netflix, right?

The backend, they have a huge backend, right? But what is the backend? It's just more of the same, right? It's you're paying for the same service. So often when you see any kind of continuity gyms, big backend, your monthly billing, that is their backend, right?

And so they know a gym, a well-run gym or health club will know over time, how long does the average member stay with us? Okay? The average member stays with us 10 months, and we charge them 10 bucks a month. That means the average member's worth a hundred bucks to us of the, okay, so what are we willing to spend to acquire a, you know, a a new member? And so you've got that.

Then you've got things like, um, consumables, let's say protein powder, for example, right? Well, when you buy it again, or a bagel shop, right? Bagel shop, they don't have an ascension model. They're not looking at, right? They're, they're not looking to, you know, sell you a bagel today and then tomorrow a bagel making machine, right?

No, they're hoping that you come back from more bagels all the time, right? Like more bagels over time just continue to get your bagels from us. And so that is their, their back end. And so I'm sharing that because Andy, number one, this is really the right way to answer this question. I know that this isn't the most exciting, you know, the, the most exciting answer for you, but there really is no right answer.

So like, what, what the first backend offer should be is, is, is so dependent on your business and your vision for your business and what business you wanna be in, and what value you're providing and how you're trying to provide value. So there is no one right answer. You know, I would probably, what I would do is, Andy, I really would with Paul next, on next Thursday's call, I would let him know that you'd like to give him some details on the vision for your business, right? Like what type of business you ultimately are trying to build, uh, like what your vision is for that business. Um, and then brainstorm with him.

Go through a brainstorming exercise where you brainstorm potential backends, because even in the same, the same genre of business, there is no one right answer, right? Like, there is no one right answer for the first backend, you know what I mean? Like, there are, you know, again, like, like somebody could in the, in the, let's say in the, in the information product business, right? For some people it could be, I wanna, like, their first backend might be a live conference for somebody else. Their first backend might be a large, you know, home study program, right?

For another person, it might be a mastermind, you know, but some people might not wanna run a mastermind. Some people might not wanna, right? Do a live event. Like some people might only wanna have a, but based on their vision. Um, so that's what I would say.

You know, I know that that's not the most exciting answer for you, but there really is no right answer for you. I think that you should, right? Like out of your vision, you can decide like, what, what would I like to offer? What would, how would I like to provide value? Do I think that in the ways that I would like to provide value and, and, and, and how I think I could provide value?

Is that appealing to my audience? Do I believe that that's appealing to my audience knowing what I know about my marketplace and, and audience and whatnot? Um, and, um, and that's how I would begin to think about the first, um, the first backend as it relates to, you know, to, um, to pricing. I think that this is also a little bit, there again, there is no one right answer. I would say that, you know, um, look, I, it's a very tough question to answer because they're so, they're really, they're really, I don't know if, if in our portfolio companies and in all the, the bigger companies that I consult with, I don't know if there are any two that are alike, that are, that are similar, or excuse me, that are identical in terms of their, their pricing, um, model.

Um, you know, again, there, I, my first information product business, many, many moons ago, uh, and I'm just using this as an example, uh, many, many moons ago was when I was helping massage therapists to grow their practice, um, you know, through better marketing and whatnot. Um, in that business, I had about, I think at one point, 15, 16 different products. And, um, they were all priced roughly the same thing, with the exception of the home study course, which was, we sent it out in the mail, it was this big thing, it was extremely expensive. It was like 300 bucks or something like that. This is, you know, 20 some odd years ago.

Um, but the rest of the, the rest of the products were all roughly the same price. And so just my backend was just more programs priced the same way. If they bought something, let's say for 49, the first backend that they would get would be, you know, something that was priced at 49, and then after that, right? The next thing was priced at 49. And right.

My aim was just to get people to, to, to buy 6, 7, 8, 9, you know, 10 different things, right? If they bought 10 different things, right, that were $49 a piece, right? Their lifetime value is 490 bucks. And that's if they didn't even buy the home study program. And so there, there really almost is no, um, right price or right product.

What I will say where there is somewhat of a right price is making sure is in general, making sure that you're pricing your products and offers in your business appropriately for the value that's being delivered, the value that the, the, the customer, um, is getting and the, um, the competing offers. What I mean by that is like, look, I think, you know, if you have a, if you're selling a, you know, if you were selling a home study course and the home study course was made up of three, three videos that are 20 minutes each, and, you know, uh, and you're trying to sell that for $3,000, like yeah, you're, you're, there's a little bit of a mismatch, right? In terms of pricing to value, to, um, to, you know, somewhat standard in the, in the marketplace. Um, and so that's the only thing that I would say, but when it comes to what is the first backend to offer, it's, I, I don't know if there, right, there is no such thing as like the, like that's up to you. That really, truly is up to you.

Um, and the only thing that, the only other thing that I would say is that I, I wouldn't ask for too big of a leap from people in terms of price, meaning what I likely wouldn't do, and this is not to say that you can't do this, um, but I likely wouldn't go from selling somebody a low ticket, you know, a $10 product, you know, with bumps upsells, where let's say there's a $35 a OV to then trying to sell them a $3,000 program one week later as the first backend, like un unless you were using a phone team, like a sales team, I, but I wouldn't try to do that with, um, marketing. See, even, even giving that explanation, it's so, it's so hard. I'm sorry to ramble, Andy, but it's so hard because, right, because I've had clients that that is exactly what they did, where they, they would sell stuff, low ticket stuff, $10, $12, $19, $7 on the front end. Um, they would go wildly negative meaning, right? Those people probably had about a 30 to $40 a OV, um, meaning they were worth 30 to $40 on the, on the front end, um, the day that they become a buyer, right?

Those businesses were probably, um, spending double that, you know, to acquire those buyers. So 70, $80 to acquire a buyer. And the reason why they were doing that is because they were turning all those new buyers over to their sales floor, and because they were so good from a sales perspective, in turning those, you know, buyers, they would take those buyers, turn 'em over to their sales floor, and then they would sell an eight or $9,000, um, product, right? Well, it doesn't take that many people to sell an eight, $9,000 product for you to, uh, to be able to get away with that, but they were only able to do that because they had a wildly effective sales floor, right? And I hate the sales floor.

And so, uh, I hate, I hate having a sales floor, hence why none of our portfolio companies have a sales floor, um, anymore. And so, but there you go. I hope that, right? I'm little, I'm a few minutes over. Um, I hope that you got, um, value from, uh, you know, from this, I hope that I've given you, you know, a couple of things to think about in terms of this is a business of economics.

This is a business of, right? It's all about thinking like, um, um, an investor. I hope that you think more about the fact that the more you spend on the front end, the easier this game becomes, right? That this game is won by your ability to spend more and more to acquire buyers, rather than you thinking about how can I spend less to acquire a buyer? You should be thinking about how can I afford to spend more?

I'm not saying how can I merely spend more? I'm saying, how can you afford to spend more, right? Um, so that be meaning like building growing lifetime value, right? Growing lifetime value, the more you grow lifetime value, the more you can use to acquire buyers. And the more that you can use to acquire buyers, the more buyers you're gonna acquire, the more buyers that you, uh, that you acquire.

And the more you work on lifetime value, you just create this machine where now the backend feeds the front, the front end is getting so easy, right? So, you know, much, much easier. You know, I want you to think about this. For those of you that have run traffic, right? Have, have used paid advertising online, I, I don't care, you know, you, you have a target for what it is that you wanna spend to acquire a buyer.

I wanna spend 10 bucks to acquire a buyer, 30 bucks to acquire a buyer, whatever it is. I don't care, whatever the number is. And if you haven't spent, you know, uh, money on advertising yet, right? I want you to think about what that number is that you'd be willing to spend, right? To acquire a buyer based on what it is that you're, you're selling the price point and so on.

And now I want you just, for example, example, just to keep things real simple. I want you to take that number that you say, yeah, I'd be willing to spend 10 bucks, 20 bucks, 30 bucks, whatever the number is for you, and I want you to 10 x it. I want you to now 10 x that number. And so if you said, I, I'm willing to spend 20 now, right? I'm, I, I'm, I want you to think, how much different would this game be if you were able to spend 10 x that because of how high your lifetime value was, right?

You were able to spend 10 x to acquire a buyer, how much easier would it be for you to acquire, uh, buyers, right? Like you could use campaigns that are half a third a quarter as good as the ones that you're using right now, and you'd still be able to, um, afford it because it still wouldn't cost you, right? Like $200 to acquire a buyer. In other words, the game becomes easy. That's right.

And so that's why I then said to you, the third lesson was I said to you, that's why over time, you wanna make sure that you're shifting so that more and more of your focus, your marketing focus is going towards the backend, is going towards monetizing buyers, is going towards building lifetime value. Because everything you can do on the front is determined by lifetime value. And the higher that lifetime value, the easier everything is on the front, and the easier everything is on the front, the bigger and faster you can scale. That's the name of the, um, of the business. And so, there you go.

So let me see. Just thanks a ton, Todd, you got it. Great. Appreciate the response. Awesome.

Andy said, you and Paul really over delivered on the AI apprenticeship training. You guys crushed it. Amazing insights you dropped tonight as well. Awesome. Love, love hearing that.

So, so happy to hear that that's the way that we roll. And that's the way that I hope you roll, right? Like I always, I'll leave you with this one last thought, and I promise this is the last thought. You know, I always, I've always, I've always functioned in, in business, especially this business, uh, of educating and teaching and coaching, um, as, right? And I want you to think the same thing.

The, these, these are not numbers in A CRM, right? These are not IDs in, in some CRM. These are real people that we're communicating with. I don't care what business you're in, what product you're selling, they are real people on the other end with real problems and real dreams and real goals, and treat 'em that way, right? And take care of them the way that you would wanna be, that the way that you would wanna be treated, right?

Recognize, like these people are putting their hope in you. They're hoping that what you say is real and that you fulfill on your expecta, on your, on your promises, that you exceed their expectations, like they're putting hope in you, right? And you're getting people excited. And, and so treat them that way and take care of them that way, and go above and beyond, right? Like go above and beyond for your people that you are helping.

That's how you'll build a business that has longevity. That's why I believe that after all these years in the online marketing space, I'm still able to, um, to do what it is that I do, because I've always tried to go above and beyond for, for people. And I, I hope and, and pray that you guys do the, um, the same thing with your businesses. And so, um, oh, let me see here. Hang on one second.

Oh, so hang on. So I've gotta answer these because I missed that. These questions that Chris asked a question, um, and Khaled asked a question, and so, so sorry about that. So hang on. So price positioning, question, front end customer captivation, info product, retail price, 4 97, discounted offer 97, should I include the retail price on the website?

Should I include backend retail pricing of intermediate, uh, and advanced courses? Should I have retail pricing in the homepage courses page? Wow. So, um, so should I include the retail price on the website? So I think if you're, I think if I understand you correctly, you have, you know, you are selling a 4 97 and you're, and you're discounting it by to 97, if the answer is yes, that that is what it is that you are doing, Chris, yeah, I would certainly give, yes.

Okay. I would certainly give the retail value, the retail price. Like I might say, look, the retail, the value of this package is $1,298, right? We never sell it for that, right? It regularly sells, right?

Um, to the public for 497 bucks. But today, when you respond on this page right here, right now, right? You save $400 and you get everything that I share with you for only 97, right? Why? Because I like to reward action takers, um, blah, blah, blah.

And so, um, so yeah, so that is how I would do it. Uh, should I include backend retail pricing of yes, you should always give, give the, give the context. If you're discounting something in an offer, you're, you always should give the, give the full, give the value, meaning the value of the package, right? Give the retail price and then give the discount. So you ultimately have these kind of two drops, if you will.

You've got, right, this is a bundle that's worth $1,278 and 52 cents, right? Never sell it for that, right? It regularly sells to the public retails for $497 today. You get it for this amount because boom, give a reason why I would do that with every, I don't care what the, what the price point is, whether mid tier, high, high ticket, low ticket doesn't matter. I'm always gonna do that if I offer a discount.

And so hope that answers that question. Um, Chris, uh, you got it. Awesome. And so Kyle had asked me two questions. Um, if we have a single mid ticket offer thousand bucks that we were planning to sell without a backend to it, should we break it into steps or milestones each providing the customer with a standalone win?

Um, the question is, should we sell each step separately and dedicate the first step towards the front end? So you, you, is, are you saying Khaled, that that's the only offer that you have, is a thousand dollars offer? Yes. So the thousand dollars offer is, so to answer the question, what I would say is, so there's a lot of different ways to answer this question. So you, um, so number one, you could create a frontend, a lower ticket frontend version of the campaign of, of the, of the mid ticket.

Like, let me give you an example, right? So, um, so I think you guys know we've got the, we've got the E five CAMP masterclass that is right, the, the self-study version of the E five method, right? That's where people can go through all the videos and the training, the PDFs, the worksheets, blah, blah, blah. For the E five method. We also have, um, E five, you know, we have, we have, we don't offer it anymore.

We have E five coaching where people could pay, they paid a bunch of money to get the self study and work with a, um, a coach. But then what I did was we created the E five book, right? And so there's the E five book, um, you can see it on the, on the shelf, right? Um, and so, right, that's kind of the front end version. And so somebody buys the E five book, they're gonna get exposed to the E five masterclass.

And when we used to have the E five masterclass, excuse me, when, when we used to have E five coaching masterclass, they'd be then exposed to, um, to E five coaching. So you certainly Khaled can create a, you know, a scaled down, um, version of the mid ticket that you then, that you offer on the, on the front end, right? Just like, again, my, the book is out is a front end. Um, now you certainly could, um, break the mid ticket up into these different modules and then sell the different modules as the, you know, each separately as a front end. And then behind each of those, you would sell the full program, assuming that if each of the modules solve a, a, a each solve a specific problem and deliver a specific result, as long as like, by breaking it up, you're not giving them something incomplete.

If each module could stand on its own and each module solves a problem and provides an outcome, sure. That's actually kind of also something that we did. Yes. So Khaled, you're, yes, that's exactly it. That's totally cool.

We, we started to do that at one point when, so I, I'll, I'll finish with this. So I actually at one point, um, I redid, so I had our original coaching program many, many moons ago, and that, that was before I formulated E five. A lot of the principles in that coaching program became E five. But then I created the E five masterclass, and then, um, I created another version of the E five masterclass, like a newer version, a more streamlined version of the E five masterclass. And I made sure that I recorded it in a way where each of the modules and in some cases lessons could stand on their own and be sold separately, right?

So that like I could sell how to, um, how to assemble your sin offer, right? Like boom, how to come up with a big idea. Even if you think about how to come up with a unique mechanism, like right now we have the, what's the dominant differentiation book and campaign that's all about the unique mechanism. Ultimately that's one piece. And then we then move people into the full E five method.

And so Khaled, that's absolutely something that you can, um, you can do, just remember for everybody, right? Remember that you, people, people consume, um, people consume information in a variety of different formats for a variety of different price points. And so, you know, the, there is, you could have you book on your method, you could have a home study course on the same method, right? It's just now through video and right? They get to hear your voice and visuals and whatnot.

You could have a coaching program for your method, right? You could have a live event for your method and you could even have a mastermind for your method, right? All just different formats and different ways to train people on the same methodology. If you look at, you know, there are a lot of people look at, look at, uh, uh, our buddy Russell Brunson, right? Has done that like, you know, did that, uh, my buddy Ryan Levek, if you're familiar with him from the Ask Method, right?

He had that, um, uh, uh, if you're familiar with Jeff Walker behind Product Launch Formula, he's got book he had, right? Training, coaching Mastermind, a live event the whole night, right? People pay, people are willing to consume information in a variety of different formats at a variety of different price points. And just because they consume it in one format at one price point does not mean at all that they're not interested in consuming that same information deeper, uh, in a different format at a different price point. That's why like one of the best sales tools for the E five method masterclass is the E five book.

You would think, well, didn't we scratch the itch for them? Didn't we like fulfill their Jones? And the answer is no. We excited them with the book about what this could be, and they wanna learn more and they want to go deeper with it. And that's why they right, they go into the, um, the masterclass.

And so great questions. Hope that helps. But I've kept you guys long enough, 20 minutes over. Apologize for that. I'm gonna get better at the, um, at the time to make sure that you get in and get out in an hour.

But there you guys go. Our first official E five Alliance Todd call, I guess we would call this. Um, but I'm so excited for you guys and, uh, so grateful to have you in here and, um, and I look forward to the next one from now. Enjoy your time with Paul, and uh, have a great night everybody, and we'll talk soon. And so take care.

God bless everybody.
