---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-10-28 17:03:32"
date: 2025-10-28
duration: 52m
duration_seconds: 3132
vimeo_id: 1131435227
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-10-28 17:03:32

**Date:** 2025-10-28 | **Duration:** 52m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Cool. So what we're gonna do is, uh, I want to talk about, uh, a topic that I'm gonna be sharing next week in a, a little bonus, um, training, uh, that we're doing regarding the unique mechanism. And so what I'm gonna walk through is the, um, kind of the, the start, my first level thinking, if you will, level one thinking, if you will, of the, the biggest mistakes that marketers and copywriters make with the unique mechanism. So I would love for you to, certainly, I want you to learn, uh, I don't think any of this is gonna be a shock to you, these big mistakes. I think that you're probably, certainly you Michael, are wildly familiar with mistakes, having seen it, you know, so many times from so many different clients and students and whatnot.

But I'd love to see, um, if you think, um, missing, um, any from this list. Again, this is level one, like initial initial thinking. These were super easy for me to get down, but let's go through these one at a time. And so I think, you know, it goes without saying that, you know, number one, first and foremost, let me actually do, um, this, let me see if I could do this in window. Okay, that's kind of cool over here.

Um, okay. And so now I could see this other screen as well. Okay, cool. And so, you know, it, it, it goes without saying that, you know, more so than ever. Like, look, I, I believe the unique mechanism is the, is the most powerful part of the most powerful part, the most essential part, the most critical part of a marketing campaign today when it comes to direct response.

I can tell you that all of the biggest winners, the, the, the, the current big winners in the direct response world, uh, that I've been reverse engineering and looking at every single one is built on the back of a unique mechanism. I would almost go as far as to say that there almost all or largely stage five campaigns where there is a, there is a, uh, articulating the real problem, like reframing the, what the prospect thinks is the, is the problem as a symptom of a deeper, uh, underlying root cause. And then presenting the solution to that underlying root cause, which is a unique mechanism. And then giving a rock solid airtight argument for why that unique mechanism is wildly effective at solving the, the underlying problem. And so I share that with you because again, I just wanna make it crystal clear, like I think that the unique mechanism, I believe that the unique mechanism is still arguably the most critical, the most important, the most powerful element in a direct response driven marketing campaign.

Unfortunately, there are a lot of people that talk about the unique mechanism and don't fully, uh, understand it, don't fully write, uh, aren't able to really properly, uh, teach it. Uh, and therefore there are a lot of marketers and a lot of copywriters that are making a lot of mistakes with the unique mechanism. And just a couple of these mistakes can absolutely destroy a, uh, a marketing campaign because it can destroy the value of what it is that the unique mechanism brings to the table when it comes to producing, uh, conversions. And so, uh, so yeah, so let's just talk about that and, and, uh, and go through it. And so, alright.

Lemme see If I could just add something to what you just said, Todd, is that Yeah, please. AI makes the exact same mistakes. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean, it's like, I don't know what, what models or what, uh, marketing they're feeding into AI on the front end, but, um, it so often makes the exact same mistakes you're talking about.

Yeah, well, you know, it, you know, what's it, what's so interesting is that, you know what I've come to realize now that, um, you know, knee deep every day in, in AI and, and I gotta give credit where credit is due. So two of my buddies, so one I is, uh, Donnie French, who, uh, I work closely with in, uh, at performance golf, um, with those guys, um, just killing it and Rich Sherin. And so, uh, gotten together with Rich over the last handful of weeks. We're getting together later. Again, rich, I would say is easily in the top 1% of all users of ai.

What he's doing with AI and what he's getting out of AI and how he's using AI is un is just incredible. Um, and Donny is, is right up there with, um, with Rich maybe just a little bit, uh, little bit behind. Uh, but I think, you know, what I've really come to understand is that, you know, the, the, the real obviously, the better the input, the better the output and right, these guys, one of the things that these guys have really shown me is not just the, the enormous value, uh, of properly training the ai, if you will, but not just, not just properly training, not just the depth of the training, um, not just how you train them, but even the amount of time, energy, and effort that goes into designing the, the best prompts. These guys, right? Have, you know, they've got, you know, like a, a pre-pro, you know, to design the best prompt, you know, to get out what they want.

They're using artifacts, you know, uh, like, it's just incredible what it is that they're doing. The reason why I'm sharing that here is because, right, if you just go over to, you know, uh, to chat or Claude or something like that, and you try to get out a unique mechanism, you, you could get something that's not even a unique mechanism, let alone forget making one of these mistakes, right? You could get something that's not even a unique mechanism at all. Um, and so the key is that, right? Like the overwhelming majority of people are using AI as if it's Google, right?

Where you're, you enter a search and they think that they get a better answer than they will out of Google, but using it the than Google, but using it the same way. And really, it's gotta be trained, it's gotta be like, right? It's gotta be like you just hired somebody to come into your team, right? And they've got unlimited learning potential and unlimited output potential, but now you've gotta set them up for success. And right?

How you set them up for success is based on how you train them, what you train them on the depth of that training, as well as then how you speak to them in terms of, uh, in terms of what you assign them, right? Just like with an employee, if you get that wrong, if you bring a board, a new employee, and you don't adequately train them or you train them, you give them very superficial level stuff and then you don't communicate with them the right way. Like exactly what it is that you want, well, what you're gonna get from that employee is gonna suffer all the worse with ai because AI will, right? There are a lot of hallucinations, there are a lot of things that just get made up, right? When AI is not prompted the right way or given the right resources, it's just gonna fill in blanks for you.

And many people don't even realize that that's what's happening and they just take their stuff and walk away. And so the, the key is that, right? Like there's gotta be a foundation, like this kind of stuff can help you use AI and get the right stuff out of it so that you're not making these mistakes. But great point, you know, uh, for sure, uh, Michael, so the first mistake is, um, is skipping the, the, the whole diagnostic or examination stage right before you are creating it. Like skipping that whole like, you know, that that whole diagnostic stage, the whole, like, you know, they, a lot of marketers, a lot of copywriters are merely creating or inventing mechanisms without really first understanding, not just understanding the marketplace and understanding their, their wants and desires, their, their emotions and feelings and beliefs.

Not just those things, but really understanding what the market believes is causing and contributing to their problem, right? Like, you have to understand what the marketplace believes is the source of the problem. Is the cause of their, of, of, of the problem. Um, like what they, what they think is the real underlying problem verse, what is actually the real, um, underlying problem. And when you skip this stage, or when you skip this part, right?

Um, oftentimes you can create a or you can wind up with a, a mechanism that doesn't really address the real root of their thinking, feelings, beliefs, et cetera. And so, does that make sense? And do either of you guys have anything to add to that? Oh, it makes sense. Okay.

It Makes sense. Yeah. Okay, got it. So skip one, right? Step one, excuse me.

Skipping the diagnostic, um, step. You gotta know it because you gotta know what, like if for nothing else, you have to understand what the marketplace believes is the problem is the root of their problem, what they believe is causing them the pain, right? And what is actually causing them the pain. And so you gotta, you gotta understand that to be able to address that. 'cause remember, right, the unique mechanism is our unique, call it proprietary way for eliminating the problem and giving the prospect the solution or outcome or result that they ideally want.

So gotta have that diagnostic step or do that diagnostic. Step number two is, there you go, is, we've talked about this before, and so I'd love for one of you guys to explain this is right. One of the mistakes is, you know, for lack of a better way of expressing this, it's slapping a, a unique name on a commoditized or ordinary mechanism, therefore, right? And you could almost make the case that this is, you know, you could almost make the case that these are two different mistakes. One is, right, just slapping a, an a unique name or an extraordinary name on an ordinary mechanism.

But that is closely tied with how I have it said here, which is that you've got a mechanism that's not supported by an, an airtight marketing argument. Meaning it's either a mechanism, it's a unique mechanism by name only, meaning, right? The only, the only thing that's different about this mechanism compared to one or more that are offered out there is the name. That's the only diff that's the only difference, right? That's what makes it a unique mechanism, is that it's a unique name and nothing else.

Um, and so, right? Like, and so therefore, how can you present a, an airtight rock solid, logical and emotional argument that proves it is superior. If all you're doing is just taking an ordinary mechanism or a commoditized mechanism, and you're slapping an extraordinary name on it, well, how do you then present an airtight marketing argument that proves it is superior? Right? You can't, and so, right, a, the, this, the, the key thing here, and I, and I've said this before, is that so many marketers think with the unique mechanism that the power is in the name, the power is in being able to say, I have unique name, right, uh, for my mechanism.

And they don't realize that that's not the power, the power is in being able to present an airtight rock solid, emotional and logical argument that proves why it's superior or that proves why it fixes the real root cause of the, the problem that's causing you these symptoms, if you will. And so, anything else that you guys would add to this, right? This one we've probably talked about more than any other mistake right? Made, but is there anything that you would add to this that I didn't share? The only thing I would say is that it's, it seems to be the one that people make the most, as in they think that it's like, oh, I'll just slap a fancy name on it, and now I have a unique mechanism.

And now that's, that's the, like, the magic is in the name, the magic's not in the name, the mag the magic's in the mechanism. Yeah. It's like, it's Well said. Why do you think that I, I'm curious, and I'd love to hear from you as well, Michael, where, what do you think is the, is the reason like the source of this mistake, right? Because I would tend to agree with what John, with what you just said, that this is definitely, maybe I'm, maybe I'm cynical, but I I like these days, I'd say it's pure laziness that they're not willing to put the work.

Yeah, I was gonna say, I was gonna say the same, John, and so I think that you're right. Yeah. Michael, what would you say? Yeah, well, I'd say laziness, but also that's what they see everywhere. They see the flashy names, especially if they're in a saturated market with, um, copywriter and marketers feeling that they have to do that, and it's everywhere.

So I, I, I guess I think, well, it's, if it's working together, yeah, Maybe it's like ignorance. If in some cases that, not ignorance as in they just don't know any better and that they're, they're like, they're, they're copying the wrong people. Yeah. Um, but then there is a lot of time, there's a lot of really smart marketers out there and like advanced marketers out there that are just lazy as well, so, yeah. Yeah, Yeah.

No, I, I think that you're both right. Like I was, I was gonna say initially, right, like lazy, right? 'cause that for the, you know, there are, I, I think lazy in that, you know, in that I, I would say that most really don't fully understand the unique mechanism, but most are too lazy to fully understand the unique mechanism. Like they think, right? That it's probably like, it, it, it, you know, I'll have a name that's good enough, a unique name that's good enough.

They, and they see it from others, right? Like they, they see it from, from Others, and they think they can get away with it. And they think that they could, they can get away with it. And in some cases, like, look, you know, in some markets, in some cases you may be able to get away with it and, and create, you know, you know, whatever, a six figure business, right? But if you wanna scale big, if you want a monster winner, right?

One of the things that you need to do, one of many things that you need to do is you need to have a legitimate, unique mechanism. And I can tell you that, right? Like that the amount of time, energy, and effort that goes into, uh, identifying framing, uh, um, you know, identifying the right argument, the support, the proof, the evidence for the mechanism is huge. Like, it could go on for weeks, weeks. Um, sometimes when you are attempting to create a monster winner, if you're looking to generate, you know, if you're looking to have a six figure business, that's, you know, that's different, right?

Like, you don't need a huge chunk of the marketplace to respond, right? Like, you can get away with, you know, uh, a lot less, we're not here to talk about like just creating a few thousand dollars a month from a campaign. Let's say we're here to talk about producing a huge winner, whatever that may be in the marketplace, depending on the size of, of the, uh, of the marketplace. But this is right, like, you know, uh, the power of the unique mechanism is in the ability to present a rock solid, airtight logical and emotional argument for it period, right? Where it makes sense, it's easy to understand.

It is, um, there's no huge gaps or, um, or holes, um, in the argument. Um, and it leads naturally to them seeing why this unique mechanism is by far the superior option. And so the, the next mistake is choosing a, um, a surface level difference to build the, uh, to build the mechanism around. And so what would you say, I'd love to hear from one of you guys on this. Like, what, what, what do you think that, I mean, we've talked about this before.

I don't, we don't talk about this often, but we've talked about this before. What do you think I mean by choosing a surface level difference? Wow. I thought for sure one of you guys would, So, so like focusing on the initial, rather than going like below that, so like, it's say that they, if they think the problem is X, um, but they, like, they're not going deep enough in terms of, well, is it really x? Is it, maybe you think it's X, but it's y Could be, so that's certainly right.

Like it could be, um, that's certainly one way to look at surface level, you know, difference. What do you think, Michael? Surface level, when you say difference, what do you mean? Difference in, in So, so like, so they're choosing a surface level difference between their product and, you know, or their, their approach, their solution, their methodology, and the others out there for which they're then going to, um, refer to that as the unique mechanism and name that, Okay, so are you talking like, um, a factor or a, a feature or something that is that the, that a a prospect might say, eh, so what? Yeah.

You know, so exactly. That's, I mean, I, so what you said is where I was, I was going. So this isn't to say that, you know, I think that what John said, you could, uh, bring under this, um, category or umbrella, but really where I was going is, right, we've talked before about number one, right? In, in lots of different presentations and trainings, I talk about that it's gotta be a point of meaningful differentiation, right? And so what we're talking about is not just differentiating for differentiation's sake, we're talking about differentiating, uh, in a way that is meaningful to the prospect, meaningful to the prospect in this context is we're differentiate, we're demonstrating differentiation, uh, uh, um, about how the product works to deliver the result about, right, what it does for the prospect.

So this isn't just differentiation for differentiation sake, meaning, right? Let's say, you know, you are a therapist and you're competing against other thera uh, uh, therapists in your area, and you happen to have bright red hair. Well, focusing your marketing around the fact that you have bright red hair might be differentiation, but it's not meaningful differentiation because that bright red hair means nothing to the prospect in terms of the transformation that they'll experience, or the outcome or the results. There's nothing about you having red hair that leads to greater outcomes for the, um, for you as a client of that therapist. So that's a point of differentiation, but it's not a point of meaningful differentiation.

And so same thing with, you know, um, um, potentially cosmetic features, unless those cosmetic features, like if you're selling a supplement, I think we talked about this once before, and you know, you've got bright yellow bottles, right? Or you've got bright red bottles, right? Everybody else has glass bottles, everybody else has white bottles, and you have bright red bottles, right? That may be a point of differentiation, right? And especially a point of differentiation when it comes from a brand perspective, right?

But when it comes, when we're talking about in this, what we're talking about in this context is right from a DR perspective, is communicating, right? A point of meaningful differentiation where that point of difference actually delivers a better result, a faster result, an easier result, right? It, it, it is ultimately has an impact on the, um, on the prospect's outcome. Ultimately, it, it has an impact on why the prospect is ultimately buying that product or service in the first place. So let's take, for example, uh, the, the, um, bright red bottle for a second.

Well, if the bright red bottle, if the only value is in cosmetic difference, then I would say that there is no meaningful point of differentiation there. And so I, you're not gonna, I'm not building a marketing argument around that point of differentiation. It might be a smart choice from a, we want, we want it to get noticed on the shelves if we're in GNC or whatever vitamin store. Um, but from a meaningful point of differentiation, there's no value unless there's an argument that we're gonna make that the red bottle, you know, prevents the greatest amount of, you know, external rays, light, whatever, excuse me, from degrading the nutrient quality of the capsules inside the bottle. And unlike right glass bottles, or unlike white bottles that do allow a certain percentage of light in and decrease the potency, blah, blah, blah, in that regard, there's an argument that could be made that right.

Our nutrients, uh, when you finally finish this bottle have higher potency, a greater impact, and therefore work better because of the fact that we allow 0.1% of light through the bottle, and everybody else is allowing, you know, 0.9% or something like that. And so, does that make sense? Do you guys have anything that you would add to that? Uh, makes sense? No.

Okay. And so, right, ultimately, at the end of the day, right, a mechanism is, you know, a mechanism needs to be, it needs to explain a point of differentiation that answers the question of why customers with this will finally get better results than what it is that they've gotten before, if that makes sense. Next is forgetting the emotional role of the mechanism. Now, what I mean here by this, I'll share one thing and one thing, and only one thing for, for purpose of this discussion, but there's more that we could talk about, um, is that, remember, what is the emotion that, that you've heard me say, the the unique mechanism creates or should create for the prospect? Hope.

Hope, right? Like, if nothing else, right? If nothing else recognize, like recognize the argument that like, and, and John, why hope? Why does it, why does it restore hope? Or, or, or give hope?

It's like the 'cause it, it releases in them that like, oh, maybe this is the missing piece. This is the reason why I haven't been able to achieve X. Because 'cause you presented the argument as to why it's a superior way of getting the result, and all the other ways up to now haven't worked. And then that, that instilled them. It's like, oh, maybe this is, okay, this makes sense.

Maybe, maybe now I can get the result I want. Yeah. And it's great, right? Like, you know, uh, spot on, right? We always say, I talk about it as, right, like, you know, like, This changes everything.

Maybe This time, maybe this, right? It just changes everything. Maybe this time it'll be different, right? Maybe this time, like finally, maybe right? This, this time it'll be different right now.

Like, look, maybe this is the thing that has alluded me that I've missed out on that I, that I've like left out of my approach. And maybe this is the one thing that's gonna make all the difference. Maybe this time will be different. Maybe finally I'll experience the, the outcome, the result, right? If you take something like, let's just say weight loss or take even, you know, like a moneymaking opportunity, right?

At one point, all of us on here, we're looking at different moneymaking opportunities, right? Like, no matter how far along I've come, no matter how long I've been doing this, I still always love moneymaking opportunities, not necessarily engaging with them, but I love hearing about them, right? And it's fun and it's exciting. And why? Because it creates this feeling of hope.

Like, I don't know, this thing could be huge. I don't know, this could make a lot of money. Like, right? There's just an excitement in it. That whole angle of the unique mechanism is 100% emotional, right?

It's 100% emotional. Now it's built on a, uh, it's built on the back of a largely logical argument. But it's that, right? The stronger that logical element of the marketing argument for the unique mechanism is the more emotion it creates. See, that's another thing to, to realize, right?

Like when you leave no stone unturned, so to speak, in the marketing argument, and you're rolling out the evidence and support, right? And bringing it, but like, the more that you solidify your argument, the more belief and faith and confidence the prospect has in what it is that you are saying, what it is that you're sharing with them. And the more of that faith and, and, and, and hope and confidence that they have, the more emotion they experience, right? Like, 'cause the more you believe it, the more exciting it becomes, right? The more excited you.

I wasn't at the, the f the founder of some, I think it was Revlon cosmetics or something, says that, yeah, in our, in our factories, in our warehouses, we, you know, we, we develop cosmetics, but in the, in the shops, we sell hope. Yeah. It's like, that's, that's this whole thing. I love that. Yeah.

I mean, I, I, I love that, I think, right? Like, look, you know, we, you know, just, we used to say, right? Like we, we always said, you know, like, we're in the business of changing lives here. Like what we do, we're in the business of changing lives. We just so happen to do it through, through marketing, right?

Like, and I think that you could say, you could take that like, look like ultimately, yeah, we're, we're creating messages, we're creating marketing arguments, right? And we're, we're creating unique mechanisms. But ultimately, right, we are, we're providing outcomes. And, and right through the sale of our products and services, through our marketing, we're ultimately creating hope. We're painting a picture and a, and a vision in their mind, right?

That gets them excited, that makes them feel hopeful that maybe now, maybe this time, this, it, it's gonna be different for me, right? You think about the emotion involved in somebody who's either tried lots of moneymaking opportunities and, and failed with them before, been let down by them before, and now they're being presented with something different, backed up with solid proof, right? You get excited, or the person who, this is their first moneymaking opportunity that they're being presented with, and they didn't even know, like there were opportunities like this. The emotions are off the charts. Same thing with, to think about an individual.

Just think about this. Think about an individual that has struggled with their weight for the majority of their life and have tried various diets and supplements and, you know, pills, uh, exercise programs, you know, hypnosis, whatever. And now, and they're presented with something else that, right? That with an argument that's proving why this thing that's totally different from anything that they've tried before. Could be the answer, could be the answer, could be the solution.

Think about the emotions. And so it's not, the point that I'm ultimately trying to make here is that when we think of the unique mechanism, most can, can fall prey to thinking that this thing, thinking about it as pure, logical proof, if you will, of right, like a logical source of, of, of information. But it's also highly emotional, right? It plays an emotional role because when done right, right, when done right, we are sparking lots of hope. Lots of hope.

And I don't know really personally, I don't know of any other marketing strategy or tactic or asset that can build as much hope as a unique mechanism as, as a new and different way for the prospect to finally get the result that they want. That addresses where all the other mechanisms and solutions fell short and shows why those fell short and why this one will be successful. You see why also in what I just said right there, how it goes back to what skipping the diagnostic stage, right? If you don't know what the market believes about the, their problem, about the source of their problem, the cause of their problem, about the, what they've tried before, what's let them down before all of those things, then it becomes that much harder to develop the right unique mechanism and ultimately the right unique mechanism argument, if you will. Anything else that you guys would add to that, that I think it's powerful when you really, when you really think about that next is, you know, is not owning the mechanism.

Michael, what do you think that, I mean by that? Not owning the mechanism. Yeah. Like when you don't, you know, like let's just say I'll, I'll, I'll give it away. Do you mean like not taking it seriously or not really believing that it is, um, a unique mechanism or I, I, I guess I'm not sure what you mean by that.

Okay. So you're, you're definitely, and that could be me, not right, phrasing it in a very vague way. So hence it's not the great, it's not, you mean like rip ripping off someone else? I would say certainly that's, you know, so ripping off somebody else certainly falls under, under this, but even, right, let's take, that's an extreme where somebody will just rip off somebody else's unique mechanism, right? That's, thank goodness, at least, you know, that's a rarity.

Uh, but not owning the mechanism, really, I, you could say not offering a proprietary mechanism, right? Not offering a, you know, not offering a mechanism where you are the sole purveyor of that mechanism. Not o right? So either one, it could be naming it something that, right? If they Google it, right, if they Google that name, they're gonna find other, other locations where they could go and either get the same unique mechanism or maybe get something else that has the same name, right?

That, that might be different. So in other words, right, what I'm talking about here when I say, excuse me, not owning the mechanism, is not offering anything proprietary. Re remember that ultimately what we are looking for is we're looking to present a solution, a mechanism where we are the only source of that mechanism. We are the only place that they can get that mechanism from that they can't get that mechanism anywhere else. So, right?

So like, if we choose, you know, like, um, a generic, uh, you know, uh, um, thing like, like we, if we choose a generic mechanism, ultimately, right? It's not a unique mechanism because it's a generic mechanism. So it's an ordinary mechanism, it's a commoditized mechanism, and it's a mechanism that people can, can go elsewhere and, and learn about. Like hypothetically, if we said, you know, and I don't know, I'm just gonna throw out something here. If we said something like, um, you know, like, uh, you know, like our, our, our, uh, brain power program works by increasing neuroplasticity, right?

Like, that's the secret behind our, well, if you google neuroplasticity, you're gonna find a ton of stuff on neuroplasticity. You're gonna find a ton of programs, a ton of apps, books, studies, right? Uh, medications, uh, you know, uh, a ton of stuff on neuroplasticity. It's, you know, and so, right, it's a generic, like there's, we don't own that. We don't own neuroplasticity, right?

And so, you know, um, same thing like, you know, uh, you know, if the secret was in, you know, metabolic efficiency, like for weight loss or something like that, right? Meta, well, like, we don't own that, right? Like, we don't own the idea of metabolic efficiency, likely we don't own the name metabolic efficiency. And so, right. We're not the sole source of, uh, of that mechanism.

And so, like, you know, we want to, we want a unique mechanism that we name, like we name it, we frame it and we own it. Anything that you would add to that? Would you? Is this the, is this different from having a mechanism that's not actually unique? Um, so no, I, I would say that this, that not having a mechanism that, you know, having a mechanism, not a unique mechanism, right?

Falls under this umbrella, right? Because a, a mechanism that is ordinary, that is commoditized meaning, right? So a mechanism that's ordinary, commoditized, both to me, me, you know, meaning the same thing means that they're available elsewhere, likely by right? One or more other sources besides you. Well, if they're available elsewhere, right?

That means you don't have a unique mechanism, you just have a mechanism and therefore you don't own the mechanism. It, like, in order for it to be a unique mechanism, you need to own it. Meaning you need to be the sole source of it. And so, right? You need to be the only location where they can get it from.

And so, right, that's ultimately what I mean by owning it. It's kind of like, you know, like, look, if you think about it to, you know, and this isn't probably the greatest example, but like the E five method, we own it, right? Like we own it doesn't mean that people aren't out there teaching or attempting to teach components of it, like the unique mechanism, right? Like, uh, right? Like for what it's worth, right?

There are a lot of people that talk about the unique mechanism. There are a lot of people that talk about, they're the, they're the ones that popularize the unique mechanism. The reality is, is that I named it the unique mechanism. And so, right? Eugene Schwartz doesn't call it the unique mechanism.

He calls it a a new mechanism. And so, right, we can't stop people, but the E five method we own, it's proprietary, it's ours. There is no other source, uh, of it not, certainly not legal source of it. And so that's the same thing that we want. It doesn't matter what the marketplace is, we wanna own it.

And so anything else that you would add to that, you guys? Um, so yeah, if, if anybody, right, if anybody ever said tells you, or you hear anybody say that they, right, that they popularized the unique mechanism. You guys know, you're, you're on the team that created the unique mechanism, at least the, the, the, uh, the name unique mechanism, uh, this one we've talked about before as well, right? Which is confusing the product with the mechanism. And, you know, this is the, you know what I mean by this?

I wanna get specific for a second. 'cause this could, you could think that this falls under the choosing a surface level difference, so confusing the product with the mechanism. So sometimes people will say like, you know, um, they'll sell it, say things like, uh, you know, our, our unique mechanism, first of all, there's two things. One, one is thinking that the unique mechanism in the product are, are the same, are one, right? Like meaning, right?

Where they, they think that the, the right, that the, the product is the mechanism. The mechanism is the product. Where more often than not, right? The product contains the mechanism, the product delivers the mechanism, the product works because of the unique mechanism. And so that's the first thing, right?

To just recognize that they're not one at one in the same, right? We might have the E five method, but then we might have, right? E five coaching is the actual product, or the E five accelerator is the product or the E five masterclass, right? Is the product. And it's through the masterclass that you will be equipped with the E five method.

It's through E five coaching, right? That you'll be equipped with the E five method. Now, we could have named that, that co coaching, let's call it, you know, accelerated customer acquisition or something like that, secrets or, you know, the, the whatever, right? And that, right still, it would still power it, it would still be powered by the E five method. The whole reason why that customer acquisition, accelerated customer acquisition, you know, or, or the, the, whatever, the, the customer acquisition accelerator, the reason why that works, the reason why it's superior to everything else when it comes to getting customers, clients, students, et cetera, is because it's powered by the E five method.

And what separates the E five method from every other method, blah, blah, blah, is X, Y, Z, right? And so they're not one in, one in the same. But the other thing, the other mistake that I see here is that oftentimes marketers will say that their unique mechanism is like, well, let's say our, you know, our videos, our content is, um, like, is world class, everything's 4K, multiple angles shot in a studio, right? Like, or the design of our workbooks is blah, blah, blah, or, right? We give e every, you know, every module has its own workbook.

And then right in the end, right, you're able to upload the workbook to our, you know, the workbooks to our GPTs, and it will give you a grade or something like that. Like, and they think that that is right, the unique mechanism, right? And that's not the unique, that might be a, again, a differentiator in your product. It is a differentiator in your product. If nobody else is offering 4K videos shot in a studio, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?

But like Michael said, that that's all about the features, right? Like, unless that plays a role in transformation in delivering the result, right? It's not a unique mechanism. Now, sometimes that different feature can be a unique mechanism because it can impact the delivery of the result. Hypothetically, if you are the only one that, uh, that came in and, you know, like I, I don't know, you, you know, you went to their house and you lived with them for two weeks, you know, to get them all set up with their, you know, their, their, if John went to your house for two weeks and he got, you set up rolling Rock and generating sales like crazy from media buying, right?

Well, like, we might call that like, you know, the immersive acceleration system that John uses, right? And that's why he's able to get you amazing results, better results than anybody else in a shorter period of time than anybody else, and almost get you scaling out the wazoo in two weeks, right? Because of that feature, right? That he goes to your house, right? Not really scalable for poor John over there.

Uh, but the point is, is that feature could be, but most features the way most marketers and entrepreneurs do it is not a unique mechanism. And so, does that make sense? Anything that you guys would add to that? You know, that's, you know, and sometimes, right? Like, and this is an important, I think little, little distinction, and then we'll go onto the final, um, one that I have here is, right, that you know, that the, unless that feature, unless that improvement to the feature or new feature is directly correlated to improved result outcome transformation, um, it, it is a point of differentiation, but it's not a unique mechanism.

So, right? It is not a unique mechanism. So unless it is tied to the outcome, the result, the transformation in some way, or unless you can show how it improves the result transformation outcome in some way, it's not a unique mechanism. It is just a point of differentiation. This one we've also talked about out the wazoo, right?

And this one is just super simple. It's, you know, it's creating a marketing name instead of a mechanism name instead of, right? It's a, it's giving it a promotional sounding name, a benefit sounding name instead of a scientific sounding name. A legit sounding name, right? And so this is not the time or the place to give it a, an outcome based, you know, commercialized, hyped up promotional sounding names.

Save those names for your product. Save those names for your bundles, right? But when it comes to the mechanism, again, I, I want it right? I want it to be believable. I want it to seem legit.

I want it to seem like, again, it could appear in a textbook on a news program at a legitimate industry conference where people refer to it, right? It's kind of like, you know, like if you think about, think about some of the names for things in the marketing, uh, arena, in the marketing industry that almo like, that feel like legit, that almost have become, you know, um, internal industry jargon. Think, can you tell me a name? Tell me, tell me something. Gimme an example of something that was named by a marketer and used as part of marketing, as part of their marketing as a unique mechanism at some point that then became a, um, a part of industry jargon tripwire trip.

That is so funny that you said. 'cause that is the example that, that I was gonna give, right? Is Tripwire. That's just a great example, right? It's now not, it's talked about like, it don't matter who you are, right?

Lead magnet another one, right? You could say much less so, but you could say unique mechanism is a term that's right. Become, you know, industry jargon. Those are great examples, right? But if you really think about it, right?

If you really think about Tripwire that like, that, you know, that was named, you know, dice Belcher named it part of their system, part of their methodology, and it became an accepted name, that's what I'm looking for, right? So that's what I'm looking for. We're not looking for the client explosion system. That's not right. Like, no one's gonna be saying that at an industry conference, right?

Like, that doesn't feel legit. It feels commercial. You wouldn't see that or expect to see that in a textbook. Nobody would take that seriously, right? Like, uh, those are the kind of things that we are, that I'm looking for.

And so more often than not, they sound boring, they sound more scientific, they sound more right, like official, uh, you know, academic, if you will, than promotional. And that's what I like, because that's makes, that makes it feel much more credible and legit. And so, uh, that's what I'm looking for here. And so these are the seven that I've got from level one. Are there any that you think that I, that I missed?

Is there any that pops into your head? If not, that's okay. Just means that level one thinking. I Think you're kind of covered them all. You've covered them all there.

I mean, what I was gonna say is like speaking, maybe it's in your level two is speaking more of on the whole idea of a, of a fo mechanism, but like, a lot of these things would, could even fall in, or like, it's the, like what they have is actually a fo mechanism if they're doing, like, say if they're, if they're creating a marketing name instead of a mechanism, what they have is a phone mechanism. So yeah, it's not really a mechanism. So, but yeah, I think this pretty much covers everything. Yeah, no, that's, that's great. How about you, Michael?

Did I miss anything from your perspective? Well, no, you know, the only thing I would add at this point, I'm sure I'll think of some as soon as we hang up, but That's okay. Send 'em over Slack me? Yeah. Yeah.

So like the first bullet, skipping the diagnostic step. Yeah. I would say a big mistake that, uh, new business owners make and some marketers is that they, they need to, they try to do it by themselves, you know, do it in a, uh, you know what I mean? They, they really need to not be so close to their product when they're trying to work on a unique mechanism. It's, it's kind of hard.

Yeah. I, it's Not an easy, easy thing. Sometimes It's, it's not. But I, you know, I think, look, I think this is also where, for, for what it's worth, I think that, you know, there's never been a better, easier time to do in depth, you know, knee deep research examination on, on an, on an audience, on a market, um, than, you know, there's, there's never been a better time, there's never been an easier time with, you know, with ai. Like, and for what it's worth, I, you know, and I, I love, uh, Geminis deep research feature.

I don't know if it's available free or if it only comes with a paid account, but to me, you get back some of the most in depth, uh, for whatever reason, at least for me, when I do the same research on chat, same research on, uh, Claude Perplexity, um, and Gemini. I like the stuff that I get from Gemini, and you can just dig so deep and really like, and, and in a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of the time that it would've taken you before, really, truthfully, you can do research at a level that most people would never have done before and didn't do before because of how time consuming it, it was today. You can have, like, if you're willing to dedicate an hour of time even to, um, to do it, uh, or to even, like, not to plug our, you know, but Paul put together an amazing, you know, examination slash research, um, set of, you know, custom GPTs to do it. Like you could get back so much insight that you never would've, would've realized before. And so, uh, you just gotta dig.

Yeah. You know, you know what I mean? And so I Agree. Makes sense. I guess I was talking about the third bullet more than the first, uh, when you're, when you're actually trying to dig deep into your own product and uncover the unique mechanism.

But, And so why do you think that, so why, what, why do, what do you feel folks believe is difficult about doing that? Real quick, I know we're over, but I just wanna cover this. Like, why do you feel like, right, so I, I really feel, and you tell me if, if, if you disagree, Michael, that that a big part of this choosing a sur a a surface level difference is because they don't fully understand the purpose and role of the unique mechanism, and so they end up choosing a surface level difference when somebody understands the true power and purpose of the unique mechanism, right? You recognize that those su surface level differences, um, are not going to make for a unique mechanism if you understand it. Yeah.

And so does that make sense, Michael? Yeah, it, it does, it does. But I, I would say about two thirds of the clients we got over the last six years or so would tell me that, well, my product is not different from any, anybody else, you know, chiropractors or dentists or whatever. I do the same thing that they do. You know what I mean?

And so I, I think what you're saying is right, not understanding exactly what a, um, a unique mechanism is and its role with the, um, promise, you know what I mean? That Yeah. That, you know, that would allow them to actually come up with a unique mechanism even though they think, you know, at the beginning that they have the same product as, or service as other people. Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, look, I, I always say for what it's worth, you know, I always say like, look, unless you're doing exactly the same thing from every second of the, the encounter, if you're a chiropractor, right? Unless you're doing the same exact thing, you're greeting everybody the same way. Like the first thing you do, the second thing you do, the third thing you do, how you do it, when you do it, where you do it, like all that is the same as your competitors. You, you, you are doing things differently. The fact that, right?

Like you're referring to it as chiropractic care and they're referring to it as chiropractic care. You, the, you know, that is right, that's the higher level category. And you merely referring to it as chiropractic care is, is a choice, right? Like, it's like I've always said, like I would do, if I was a chiropractor, it would be my method of chiropractic care or my process of delivering chiropractic care and chiropractic outcomes because I'm doing things differently, right? Than, than, um, even if it's slightly different.

Again, what I'll always say is, right, like, look, I think that people real quick, they underestimate the value of even something, a, a small change in the way that they do things. Um, not realizing that if you take a recipe and you swap out, you take a recipe and you swap out one ingredient for another ingredient, you could change the entire taste of that dish, right? You can kill a dish, swap out salt for, for, um, for sugar and watch what happens to your dish, right? One in one ingredient. And so, right, like that one little change can have a massive impact.

And the same thing, one little change in the way a chiropractic physician, you know, onboards a patient or diagnoses a patient, one little change to the assessment, maybe they do one additional assessment. Well, that one additional assessment could mean all the difference in the world in being able to better identify the real root cause of this patient's pain and therefore the treatment plan that you put together and therefore the results and speed and all that. And so, yeah, it's just really understanding the, the role, um, and purpose of the, of the mechanism and then being willing to dig into what it is that you do to really identify it. And so, but there you go. Appreciate you guys being on here listening to this, giving feedback, your insights as always.

And so those are the seven mistakes made, the seven big mistakes made, or the top seven mistakes made with the unique mechanism. And so with that, you guys are outta here. I'll see you next week. Thanks, Todd. You got it.
