---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-08-29 19:01:51"
date: 2022-08-29
duration: 1h 21m
duration_seconds: 4909
vimeo_id: 744340257
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-08-29 19:01:51

**Date:** 2022-08-29 | **Duration:** 1h 21m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

And so I do want to start off by just saying Lucas just good job with the video and recognize man, uh, number one that this happens. It happens, right? It's it's the it's a life of the business and online entrepreneur, you know, sometimes you hit curves some, you know, like we've dealt with it what I would say almost every single one of our top one member some multiple times, um, you know, so I don't want you to be too hard on yourself or or you Jim to be too hard on yourself, like it happens, you know, our goal is obviously to come out of it as quickly as possible and have it happen is infrequently as possible. But there, you know, the road to grow isn't isn't this right. It's sometimes it's that and so I appreciate and I appreciate and commend your transparency.

They're just saying hey. Right now things are a little crazy man and be honest and open up enough, you know, so that we can you know step in and help and support yourself. So you're making All the Right Moves? Um, so Todd and I it's interesting. He and I are extraordinarily similar, but we're also extraordinarily different.

So I just would like to kind of interrogate you for just a little bit. I listen to your video as well. You and I were having yeah was a breakfast or lunch this morning ate some meal together and I was listening, you know, I sat down listen to your whole thing on it interrupted and so I'd like to just kind of interrogate you from the start. Is that okay? Sure, just FYI.

I'm more the marketing guy. Jim's gonna have more the numbers. So if you're looking for numbers, it'll probably be more him. I'll let her I'll I'm gonna start with you since uh, okay. Yeah, I'm gonna start with you and then Jim bail them out if he if you don't think he has answers.

So help me understand cocktail napkin style. I I this is almost where I always start when I talk to to top on folks, you know, if you got a jot down on a cocktail napkin what the business is how it works explain to me in 30 seconds or less. What's your business? How does it work? So let's hear cocktail napkin.

Um right now we get new customers from Paid ads. They buy a front end 37 dollar product. We teach them one little piece of what we do and then and what do you do? Yeah, so we help them essentially make their business more skill by systemizing the way that they deliver the product or service the way that they attract new leads and customers and the way that they sell those people they're higher end offers and what kinds of businesses do you help? coaches and Consultants Okay, so you help coaches and Consultants run?

more efficient and higher growth businesses through better systems that accurate really General High Level. Yes. And so you sell a piece of the solution on the front for 37 bucks and then what happens? And then they apply to work with us in coaching. Their application is approved.

They can then enroll themselves and then they work with us for up to a year to execute on that. And what are when you say if they qualify what qualifies or disqualify something? They got to have something to scale. If they're like a complete Nubian business like they they don't have the tacit knowledge the skills the experience the muscles or sometimes also the resources frankly for us to really work with them and help them scale something right. There's a big difference between starting and scaling so, okay, so you're not.

So can I ask really quick? Can I ask a question with that? I just want to ask one clarifying question with that for me and and for Damian so the weeding out of poorly qualified people doesn't happen on the front end or in the in who you're attracting and repelling on your front end marketing the the weeding out of poorly qualified people happens through the application process. Mostly. Yes, okay.

Yeah, and so to be clear just my assessment of that is that we're we are getting probably a disproportionately fewer qualified people from our front end than unqualified now, that's not necessarily. Crazy, right. But anyway, that's okay. Can you can you explain the Damian real quick? What SSG what your front end is?

Yeah, so Simple and scalable groups the front and offer we help them design and Evergreen scalable High ticket group coaching program is essentially what we help them do designing the offer getting a sense of the structure. We call it a hybrid coaching program. And so we just help them design that offer essentially and then in Evergreen Vista or coaching program where we help them. Scale their business. We don't just help them design it.

We help them launch it. We help them deliver it we help them, you know put the Evergreen Marketing in place to scale it from this whole application enrollment process to the front-end marketing campaign. We help them with that as well. So there's that sort of full end to end solution that we're working together does one more question clarifying question, Damian. So Lucas, are there any qualifications in your mind for a the audience for SSG?

Like is there anybody who's not qualified or are you ultimately bringing in newbies that have nothing to to scale into SSG? There's both I mean we've literally had industry Legends people you immediately know the name of by our front end product and we've also had people that are thinking about the idea of potentially one day turning their knowledge into something, you know, and so is it one more one more Nuance Damian? So final question, I promise Damian right now. So is it possible that there is somebody who is qualified for SSG, but is not qualified for your core program. most of them most of them are qualified for SSG but not qualified for your core program.

I'd say a majority of the people that buy SSG are not qualified for Eva and by not qualified. I mean not ideal right whether or not we would say no to all of them immediately in a heartbeat. I can't say because not all that applied. But you know those that are applying we're approving right now somewhere in the 70 to 80% range of applications. So but just to be Crystal Clear just to be crystal clear the front end SSG right is ultimately the a lot of the people the majority of people that are qualified for SSG that SSG is appropriate for that SSG make resonate with are not qualified for your core program.

I said that's probably a fair assessment. Yes. And so I have to ask this other additional question at this point Damian just because it would it'll eat me inside if I don't so you basically I want to be clear so you have a front end that is attracting people that are not qualified for your back end. So your main front end offer your main piece of front-end bait that we're currently putting out in the marketplace is attracting mostly people right that are not qualified for your core offer. I've I would say that is probably true.

Yes, okay. Okay. Which in and of itself sounds like a big enough problem, but carry on. Yeah. Yeah, it's changed since we put the original.

It wasn't EBA when we first launched when we first launched simple and scalable group. We had a program called business Catalyst coaching, which was meant for people that were just getting started. Well now on the newer end of the spectrum. Yeah, but yes, so we've since changed that but we still have the same friend and offer. We've moved as well.

that's right, because and timing we have BCC. We only went to EBA less than a year ago, and we've had a simple groups for two years. well a year and a half ago, so Yeah, so that's all good. That that's all. Okay.

That's totally yeah putting it out there. So, you know that there was a there was a more aligned back-end offer now just to be clear. I think that simple and skill groups could attract. A at least a bigger portion of qualified people for eBay that are currently is. I think that's an effect a lot a large part of it being the message in the way.

The message is structure in the front end is definitely right. That's definitely I think that you are absolutely spot on with that right? It's all about positioning and framing you could almost take anything in position it for who you want it to be positioned for but and at the same time, you know repel the wrong people, but that is definitely you know, that is definitely issue. Number one in my mind where we've got this piece of bait out there. The front end is ultimately just a customer attraction tool.

That's all it is, right, but yet we're ultimately we're ultimately we ultimately then have a back end that is not for the majority of people that were attracting on the on the front end, but go ahead Damian. And help me. Help me understand Lucas. You said 70% of the apps are approved. What does that when you say the disqual percentage disqualified and what do you mean by 70% are approved?

So we so we don't have a phone sales process, right? So a typical phone sales process it's you know application call book attend call, right? So because we don't have that we're literally approving or declining applications. If they're approved. They then have the ability to enroll themselves if they're decline they do not and so we are approving about 70 to 80 percent so location.

So when you what do you mean so 70 80% approve? You said the majority people are not qualified for the program. So he's saying 70 to 80% of the people that apply are being approved. Okay, but you're saying the majority do not do not qualify to apply. Who if they applied would likely not be qualified I think is maybe more accurate way for me to describe it.

So Damian what he's really saying and correct me if I'm mistake in Lucas, but what he's ultimately saying is that so A small percentage of the people apply, but out of those who do apply 70 to 80% are qualified. Right. So why what what are you basing what evidence you vacancy singing on that all the other people who are not responding to the application if they did apply would be rejected. Um everything from comments and ads to replies to emails to to in some cases certainly applications and seeing Trends and applications to questions. They ask in in chats and things to people that show up to like calls that are from this product.

I got you definitely plenty more people who buy simple groups that don't apply who are qualified. It's not to say that everyone that's qualified applies. There's plenty of people that don't apply and I'm like, oh my gosh, please apply you'd be perfect but I don't and right now out of 100 buyers on average how many of them actually apply. every hundred buyers one percent two percent thirty percent. It's it's been fluctuating lately, but I would say Let me let me actually just look at the last month something real numbers.

So for the last month. About nine point nine percent. So 10 so 10% and Are you closing seven percent set in your closing 70% of those you're approving meaning that they buy proving we're up and tell me from something if out of every 10 that you approve how many Buy? so prior to the last 60 days it was quite high right now. It is 10% of those.

That's actually one more. It was it was north of 30 prior to that. So yeah, and what's like me up on the state and math is the math is one percent another words, right? So it's 10% of 10% So 10% of the people apply, right? Like not even might be a little bit lower if 10% apply and 70 to 80% are approved and then it's 10% of those that 70 to 80% So it's a little bit less than one percent and right right now how much is coaching?

15,000 for the year or 19 and right now again, we're gonna deal with the front end stuff. I'll pass the ball back to Todd that's one identifiable issue, but help me understand how much you're going negative provider right now. on front end paid traffic Oh gosh, so sixty dollars right now. Okay. So even if you're going negative 60 box, right?

There's there's all sorts of targets. We could shoot out here. Yeah. So 60 bucks, which means we go negative six grand on a hundred buyers, but you should get a fifteen thousand dollar sale out of there. Assuming that you guys are facilitating or you already have somebody on salary and there's no marginal expense to it.

You should be making nine an additional 9k whatever 100 buyers you acquire. That that would be lovely and theoretically yeah, why is that math? Why is a big zombie that math on what you told me? What's not true about what I said or why does that not reality what you just said is true, but where the urgency in the problem comes in is when you add obviously the rest of the business is expenses to the equation. Yeah.

so and and like if you're like, well are overhead is 80 grand. Well, then instead of acquiring 100 customers, which only get one coaching a month. If you required a thousand customers you get 10 coaching. You net out 90k you cover your overhead you have that's the theory and and that's that's where our mind has been and that's where we've been trying to to shift things too. Right is is to get to that scale and and let me just because I can shortcut that's for just a second.

So we scaled the friend we scale the front end by over four acts and that worked for about halfish months now that and when I say work, I mean we were investing above and beyond acquire these customers, right and the what I mean worked about it was the ads we're working quote, right? So we were we were hitting targets. We were looking to hit in terms of CPA and customer acquisition cost and all these things. So with that being said what then happened is our back end. Sales performance was declining.

Okay, and then on top of that our front end ads like they just started bombing. And so our customer acquisition costs started skyrocketing and backend wasn't converting. And so now we're sort of at like this Crossroads. Okay, last one or two questions Todd and then I promise I'll let you I'll let you get loose. So how many leads you have on your list on converted people you have on your valuable list right now.

People that are not bought front-end or back-end people that have never bought for you anything. Oh, it's actually probably is the smallest segment. So because most of the people on our list right now that are active are actually front-end buyers. So we have Okay, then how just tell me how many buyers you have? And how many that haven't almost almost 4,000 buyers and worse than that coach and some small amount 50 100 hip hop coaching.

Correct? Yes. And how many people when you tell me how you work that list, like are every single week or they getting invited back to get coaching different offer different. Hope different angle or is it just like they bought they ran the gauntlet for seven days and now they're collecting dust. That that's more or less the issue.

Yeah right there. And so, okay one more question. Yeah. Um, and so and that you're doing a great job. I know I know we're not making this easy, but the goal is to right we want to fix months of swirl and like a short time Sprint help me understand.

Um, you were saying that about, you know, you get those applications about you know, for for people 70% apply and then 10% of vert all that other stuff how many people what percentage of your coaching sales and this might be a gym question come initially and the first say 24 to 48 hours of hitting that campaign and what percentage come at the end of The Campaign because what I'm trying to determine is the efficacy of that campaign, we've typically found in every campaign with this converter Lee campaign up usually whatever we can get in that first 20 more hours at the end of a seven day campaign done, right? Can usually match and so I'm trying to understand. Is there a good balance there or is it like 95% of the people man? They So, let me just make some understanding so I can respond accurately. So when you say in the first 24 to 48 hours, you're talking about after their application has been approved what percentage of the approved applications are buying coaching within that first time or so right.

Now the process is both buy a book or Sorry by many course, right? Right. Yeah, then you sent through the immediately have a chance to apply. They do literally on the thank you page they have and then you send us a follow-up for seven days to try to get them to apply, correct. Yes, it's very limited at the moment.

Yes. Okay, so both questions. So answer the first question first and the second that I'm really done time in the first question out of every hundred apps you get how many come right there on the Oto? Thank you page offer. And how many come from the follow up?

Give me the percentage breakdown. Give me the pizza pie break down. So on an ongoing basis outside of a live promotion over 90% probably. Okay, so 90% meaning that the the follow-up to people who bought is only convert adding 10% Okay, that's At least on my list that's issue. Number two.

Now out of the people you said that when people get the app you prove the application. Right now for three out of 10, we're buying one out of 10. We're buying how many buy as immediately in 24 hours. How many Buy in the next two to seven days? How would you break that percentage down over 80% or in the last two days?

Okay. Okay. So you're you are pushing people through. All right. So to me, those are the two issues Todd, it's obviously we need to to change the messaging on the front end to better aligned with who they're looking to track and I definitely feel like there's a gap in the buyer to application that 90% or you know, either they're applying or pretty much you're never applying and making that campaignificantly better should just bump up their apps by 20 30 40 percent and change your metrics all you Well, so I'm gonna be a little bit all over the place in terms of my questions in terms of the the things that I'm going to ask you because I really want to wrap my head around some of your thinking so the first question might seem like an off the wall question.

This is to you Lucas and help me to understand your thinking in In why? Why do you have them apply? Um conversation so What was that you well I said we've had this conversation. I was laughing because that we've had this conversation like maybe yeah, like I I still don't really fully and this is an interesting thing, you know for for what it's worth, you know? One of the things that you know, Damian and I disagree on a lot of things often we agree on we also agree on a lot of things but you know, one of the things that we really agreed to a while ago was that we wouldn't try to reinvent the wheel on marketing models.

We would reinvent the wheel on marketing messages ideas unique mechanisms. And so right we don't try to reinvent the wheel with a new model and so what what is still been I've always kind of tried to Rack my brain to fully understand the thinking around and the benefit of um of having an application when there is no salesperson. In other words. I still don't fully understand the value of the friction being created and when I say friction, I don't only mean the additional step of an application. I mean just the way then that you have to deliver the the kind of talk about the offer the program and Help me to understand why you use an application.

Yeah, I mean, I think it's I think it's two-fold. I think there is a I mean with the with the the price point and the level of this offer right frankly. I don't know that I feel comfortable just letting anyone into the program right? I think it would degrade the level and the value of the community in the program and it will also like you you're not gonna let any Joe off the street in the top one. Now.

This isn't top one to be abundantly clear. But um, it's it's still at a level where it's like we can't just let any Susie coach having a dream about, you know, sipping my Ties on the beach into the program just for the hell of it. So specifically though Are there specific like if you don't meet this criteria, this is not for you. Therefore we're gonna we're gonna We're Not Gonna approve your your application. Like are there three or four specifics of what?

Yes Yes, and so then help me to understand why those three or four specifics aren't just part of the pitch. Like this is not for you. If you don't have X Y or Z if that describes you X Y or Z. This is not for you and please do not enroll in this program. Like rather than you know, rather than going through the the application and so I'm still trying to wrap my head around the value of the application and the post application process.

Like I just don't really I don't and granted this is a wildly different model than the majority then then really then I've ever seen used before. I but so I I like to hop in as the defendant now sure. Yeah, so I would say that I could see some Merit in the in their current process because number one it creates a feeling of exclusivity in the program. It's great. Right?

There's a limitedness there's an exclusivity to it's not for everybody obviously, you know can build up a little more desire and number two would also serves as a micro commitment, right? Yes, like you you're that much more apt to say yes after it's like, oh, I'm not even sure I'm gonna get into that. You know what they didn't get back to me. I want to go. Okay, you know, like it breaks a little bit more of that that stickiness and that tension rather than hey like a thirty seven dollar course check out this 15,000 by button.

I got in front of you clicking and those are the exact other reasons that it's only and so let me jump in and it's all you know, man. Oh, so you're gonna see a little behind the scenes in Second right now Lucas and Jim you're gonna get to see something right now. And so and I get to respond to Damien and right. So this is not at you. This is at Damian, right?

And so, um, I would throw both of those out the window. Right because I would throw both of those out the window like look man a micro commitment on a 9,000 or 15,000 coaching program is not going to be the key leverage point and I believe that you can create exclusivity in the pitch. And so I don't believe that you need to like because unfortunately, we you know the way that it's being delivered and and right we spoke about this when we were in top one, right? We have to then deliver the pitch a certain way right on the webinar right that ultimately then leads to the application and then ultimately after that we have to have some sort of you know, sales message and conversion like you you've multiplied the complexity of the campaign and so I would not the trade off to me for take specifically the micro commitment a micro commitment in extreme, right? We get the micro commitment, but now we've got these other elements that just wildly change the game.

I would not I would forgo on the micro commitment to be able to just make a A straight pitch, um and you could build like building in exclusivity is all about perception. Right? And so there are other ways to build in exclusivity then having an application process. Yeah, and so that to me, you know there to me that the the interesting thing is that and look I'm not you know. I still don't fully.

I still don't fully understand and embrace the model. I like the idea. I love the idea of not having sales people. Um, and I'm gonna make a point in a second as well. But I I don't I don't know if I just don't see I don't know it's hard for me to wrap my head around the value of that application process versus being able to in the end of the webinar the end of the vsl deliver a pitch.

Yeah, we've got I think I can help address one additional reason why I think it's essential and you know play defendant to be clear. I'm very open. This is not defensiveness of the model necessarily but the other pieces just because there's not a phone call happening doesn't mean there's no sales happening. And the application is the point the line and the sand the approval is the point of sales qualified versus marketing qualified. And so there are sales happening in the form of sales activity happening in the form of conversations.

Audios sort of social selling. If you will that's happening with these people as they're going through the post approval sales process. And so if we were to completely forgo that there's absolutely no line to delineate you know, who are we selling to versus just worst blasting this out to whomever is seeing it, right? So, yeah, so Okay, so when you say sales activity and so help me to understand is it is it one-on-one like meaning SMS messenger DMS? Exactly.

Okay. Okay, so and who is doing that? It was Jim and and we just talked about this in our leadership meeting before but it was Jim and we had a another team member take it on that team member has been performing the business and this category. It's you know, anyway, so we're taking them out of it in Jim's gonna be back into it. Yeah, so, okay, so would it be and I'm not again right?

I'm not the last thing that I would want to do is to try to revamp someone's model. But so would it be fair to say or am I overreaching? That you are engaged in sales activity in in selling, but you're just not using the phone. Correct. It's it's more it's it's it's more about and and so here's here's what I would say only about.

I would say 20 to 30% of of approved applicants engage at all. Right and so to be clear, it's not it's not like we're having a phone call or even having a message conversation with every single approved applicant unlike phone sales. So there's a massive efficiency game there, but then there's the second piece of it where they can ask one question get one answer and then move on right to and okay, so I want to I want to I want to just do a little brain dump for one second and again, you know bear in mind that I'm processing this as I'm saying this right and we're having this conversation, so For all I know by the time we're done I could have a different take on this but so it feels to me right like that. We are. We're we're straddling two different models.

Half in one half in the other where we are kind of using, you know, like like we're kind of using sales but we're not using sale. We're not using the big gun or the big weapon in in a sales vehicle, which is an actual Live phone call. So we're kind of using sales but we're not using the main weapon in sales. And so it almost feels a little bit to me like we've either got to I would say if this I was having this conversation with Amy with Damian, I would say we if we're gonna use sales and we're gonna we have a business model that relies on sales not just marketing to produce the conversion then let's break out the weapon and let's use the weapon and not try to use a model that is reliant on something without us bringing in the big producer in that area. If not, right if we're not going to do that then we have to and design from beginning to end a model that relies on on marketing and and Automation and so I'm sharing that because the other thing that I just want to mention is 15 grand Prime 15,000 price point without speaking to a live person is a hefty number.

I only have one client that I just ironically spoke to that's ever pulled that off. Just last week. No, I'm not saying that I'm not saying that you can't make the sale I'm saying at scale. Sure sure, and so like that's not an easy. That's not an easy feat, right?

That's not an easy feat to pull off a $15,000 coaching program with you know with no no sales people. And so I just want to I wanted to kind of you know, I want to throw that out that to me. It feels like we are straddling in between and at a bare minimum like I'm not sure and Damian I would you know, because we've we've tried you know, I don't know my my I continue to go back to have you guys tried at all the straightest path where you give the pitch for the offer and there is no app you send people to write to an order form if you will right where you qualify you you disqualify people in the pitch and then send to an order form and then follow up aggressively with everybody that has seen the offer. so I just to directly answer that question. The answer is no to people who have not previously applied and been approved.

And so here's here's one key. I think I think there is a model issue and I think I can highlight it. So I think the when I look at our numbers, right the the real bottleneck in in the scale of where sales has been happening if I look at not just the last 30 days or the last 60 days if I look at like this year so far the real bottleneck has been volume of applications. When we look at volume of front-end sales volume of Front End Sales to that that was also a bottleneck at a certain point and you know right now it's it's definitely a bottleneck because it's way down. That all being said the back the the post-approval sales conversion rate is only very recently down and I think I have a pretty clear path to how to address that piece.

I'm not saying it's gonna be perfectly smooth and instantly fixed but I think that's something that we can address and I think that the model issue has it affects both of those those conversion points in those numbers. I think the model issue is this we've been running, you know policy and the opportunity to apply either immediately or in follow-up that always sort of been the part that's mostly been working in general. Right? And the next piece is where it breaks down is in order to get more than that's for like 10% ish Top Line of applications that are coming in We then have been doing webinars. Right and these webinars have been doing two jobs generating applications and selling the program all at the same time.

Right? It's blah blah build up. And now we're inviting you to apply and by the way, once you've applied and been approved, you should enroll right it's sort of silly. And so I think that a big part of the issues there's a lot of friction all the way up to that point of seeing the invitation to apply in the webinar. There's a lot of friction there a very small percentage ultimately of buyers not just leads but buyers at this point are now seeing that invitation to apply right additionally for the people who otherwise would be ready to enroll.

We're not we're not able to say go and roll because we're saying applied everyone else right? And so there's there's an inherent issue there that I'm seeing where we're trying to do too much with one thing and we're adding a lot of unnecessary friction to the point of application for all the people that have not previously applied. And so the sales side of the thing I think would be significantly augmented compared to what it was previously doing by just having the webinar via straight up sales asset to your point. Yeah go Freaking buy right? So I agree with that but what that means is the webinar is now and I think potentially to a benefit from the application conversion perspective gated behind the application versus in front of the application.

It's not an application generating tool. It's a sales generating tool. Got it. So. And I know you presented that in the video and so help me to understand a little bit.

Give me a high level view of Of what is the pitch to apply in your mind? Like in other words, are you pitching the program and then saying go apply? I don't think that the pitch to apply has to be significantly different from any of the other typical application funnels that you've seen out there. And in that it's like it's time to scale your business. Let's see what you've been doing hasn't been working there.

Yeah. Yeah, right and then we we differentiate we add credibility we all those things and I don't think it has to be significantly different. I think we could have a vsl. For example, you know, 15 20 minute BSL. That's mostly not content frankly, right?

That's mostly differentiation and intro and pulling in and go apply. And when you apply you're gonna get access to our private Advanced Training where you're going to have all of this stuff that I've talked to you about that is really exciting sort of shown to you and you'll have the opportunity to join us and get support if you want right versus You know right now it's like go and attend this webinar and then apply enroll. It's it's just a weird dynamic and that summer that I think is that and so hold on one second Damian. So to be clear to make sure that I fully understand so the the In your mind with that webinar that's now gated behind the application. So it's ultimately, you know, apply and you get this Advanced Training.

Which we have to Circle back and talk about that right because you're ultimately then incentivizing the application and so right you're gonna get a couple that apply merely to get the Advanced Training but the thinking strategically is right go apply. Then they get the Advanced Training and the Advanced Training is content plus pitch for the program. Yeah, I mean not significantly more content than most other webinars you've ever seen. Well, that's such a spectrum man of you know, I know some webinars that are no content. Um, and so, okay.

Let's just say it's not a workshop, but it's not a thinly veiled pitch. Hey TV, yeah. Yeah, good. How are you? Understand exactly what you're saying.

It's like man. We're kind of doing sales, but we're leaving the big guns out. But we don't like the sales model commissions complexity all that other stuff. We're marking, but the marketing stuff is like man. We're asking to pay off, you know pay to 15K add to cart button.

What if we what if we did a direct pitch of the program? But we had them pay $1,000 fully refundable seat deposit and get some sort of a kickoff call so that you only get the serious people. It's a much smaller commitment. You can let them know. Hey by the end of the call, you're not a thousand percent sure.

I'm not alone. I'll give you money back, but I'll buy it lunch or whatever. It is. Make some sort of an offer and that way. Can slide into that sweet spot just a thought.

Okay, I want to go back for one second Lucas to and that's I mean look they're you know, so. that's not a bad idea at all Damian, but I want to go back to to Lucas for one second And so, um, I want to try to break this out for one second. And so for buyers For buyers. Okay. So people that buy SSG, right the majority of your the majority of your people on your list outside of the thank you page video out aside from that.

Thank you page video. Is there another video that is more of a um straight pitch on the program not content. Not like an educational webinar but a straight and invitation to apply a pitch like look like very similar to SS very similar to the SSG. Thank you video where it's like look you've been through SSG you understand and so there is another video that you use this in product video immediately following the core content of the product that that does exactly what you're describing. Okay, but so there is no that is part of their consumption of the program.

It's not necessarily a quote on quote back in campaign to buyers. There's not currently a follow-up sequence focused on. Yeah, that's a massive. That's something you and I both. know, right Really?

It's like there's the finish line by the way hurdle hurdle hurdle hurdle hurdle. I don't know. Why. Oh, yeah. Well, so let me ask you this though Lucas.

So let's just assume so let me so should I should I assume then that there is no is there any behavioral triggered follow-up for people that consume that video like so in other words, you know two people join the program one person never watches that video Bob Smith does watch that video. Is there any sort of follow-up for Bob Smith after that? So so there's there's what we have today, right? And then there's what we've done ever, right and so exactly what you're describing is stuff that we've done before and it netted us. You know a little bit extra, right, you know, maybe a percentage point total like over, you know months or whatever.

Now that could have been quality of execution. It could been a message. It could've been all kinds of things and so we can revisit all that right but what we have right now the best of my personal memory is by SSG, thank you page opportunity to apply with the video on that page. They then get essentially delivery emails into the product to encourage them to consume it Etc. And then right now frankly, I think we've recently that we have turned off application follow-up following that because it frankly wasn't doing anything and we didn't want to Push something that was doing nothing and burn some, you know relationship Capital there for no reason at all.

So that I think is more or less the summary of where we're at at this moment. Yeah. So again, I just want to make sure that I fully understand what you're saying. So What you you in the past you tried a separate follow-up campaign for buyers that drove them to be exposed to you know, some sort of ESL that moved them into the core program and then it was adding an insignificant amount an insignificant amount for you guys. So you moved it internally into part of the program and basically now it is sort of a for lack of a better phrase a passive sales generating tool meaning there's no follow-up.

There's no deadline on it. There's no it's just kind of for the folks that consume it and want to buy or want to apply they they would go and apply. Is that correct? Essential yes, okay. Um, okay.

And so what what happens if anything right now, and I appreciate you, you know, just being real about all the answers right here while be helpful. And so what what is the process so somebody buys SSG? They see the thank you page video. They don't apply at that moment, which is common right? They want to get a taste of the product see that you guys deliver the goods how great you guys are and then right some people will watch that.

You know that embedded video some people won't but what happens if anything proactively to move those buyers to apply. We've been doing webinars and that's been the bulk of it. Okay, or those are those are likely. Those those have been live we've done we did a replay promo and and February I think it was a generated three sales the the live webinars historically we've seen do the best but when they've done the best they were preceded by what we sort of call it a Q&amp;A coaching called just for SSG buyers, right? So we would do like an opportunity to work with us right for an hour.

And so we get 30 50 people online just rapid fire Q&amp;A support people work with them and they love it. They think it's like crazy and then you know, we do webinar and we get some people joining us, right? We did that in June and it crushed it was 16 months 120 of that was EPA sales. So yeah, and so is that something that you guys want to do on a regular basis or no? Hell no.

Okay, so then look here. Okay. So but this isn't this is important right on this frequency. Not in this frequency. Oh It how many webinars did you do in August?

one August one in July two in June Okay, some of that was segmented. So it wasn't all to the same people every time but some of this last one we did to everyone right. So let me let me so in a so I want so I'll share with you something that I would say to Damien, right if they mean when Damian brings up something that worked really well that I have no interest in doing again. I would say don't talk to me about things that worked. Well that we're not willing to do anymore.

Like I don't care how well it work. If I'm not willing to do it then it doesn't matter. We're wasting our time by talking about something that for Damian not right? Yeah. It's it's not that I'm not open to doing or that we're not open to doing it.

It's I think that we've overdone it. I don't think that we have much more that we can do with it. Well, also you did you want and you think that's too much. I don't understand no. No, well, hang on one second.

So simple groups is 37 dollars. So if we go if we go to a coaching model for bringing in our our you know, bringing people to The Next Step. Basically, we're saying simple and scalable groups. You get a free call every month if you want to you know, so well, so there's there's a couple issues going on but so not necessarily right because what you could do and I'm not like look there are a lot of issues that make this, um, that that kind of make this oh untenable if you will right now like not feasible right now, but what you could legitimately do is you could legitimately have a Q&amp;A call that is only available. Let's say you had a Q&amp;A call every other week or every two weeks and that Q&amp;A call was only for your SSG members that enrolled over the prior two weeks.

So in other words, they only got one call as part of SSG. Right. And so every other week, let's say you held a live a live call which was only for right the people that enrolled over the last week and then right because what I'm looking at is not what what I'm looking for for you guys is ultimately not a one-off promotion or one-off thing that you do but a system what happens when somebody buys SSG, right? Well when somebody buys SSG, let's just say hypothetically right for this conversation. There are lots of ways to really do this so that it can be somewhat automated but somebody buys SSG well within the first two weeks of their SSG membership, they get a live call with you guys after that live call.

They are Then followed up with a video which is a vsl pitch for the core program and is not educational but is hey right you you're at this point. You see that we deliver the goods if you want additional hell x y z blah blah then this is what you want to do. You want to apply? Out boom and they go and they apply right and so you certainly have the opportunity to build that in. As as Evergreen now, look if you said to me I'm not interested in doing it live and this is nowhere near as good you could simply expose all new SSG members to a recording of a Q&amp;A call.

Right? And so, you know seven days after they right like seven days after they become an SSG member, right? There's an email campaign that goes out that drives them to this right this to this recording that is available on a certain day at a certain time right for them and then based on consumption of that. We just drive those people into a video right? So there are ways to build that into an evergreen system rather than making it purely promotional right a one-off a one-off process.

Um, I what was I gonna say? I I will say and I know I'm bouncing around in all over the place here. And so I'm gonna need to kind of absorb, you know absorb a little bit and really, you know, crystallize my thoughts on this but but I would most certainly most certainly have a dedicated back end for ascending people into your core program that you could certainly have a dedicated video that's embedded in the in the program and I would look at that as gravy I would treat that as gravy if people consume that cool if people apply from that cool, but that would just be pure gravy. I would have a dedicated campaign the fact that in the past the dedicated campaign hasn't worked for us is not an indication that a dedicated campaign won't work. But is it is an indication that we miss the mark on something right either the Hulk the angle the offer or all of the above, but I would most certainly have a dedicated a dedicated campaign and the reality is right right wrong or in different whether we're comfortable with it or not.

And I've had to get a lot of comfortable with a lot of things over the years that With your model currently we have to be relentless with those people with Buyers when it comes to ascending them. This is where that whole right like next piece next piece next piece next thing right so that like we have to be relentless with them or else all we're doing is just letting them sit. Right. And so number one one of the first things that I I believe that I would do a based on your skill set it for immediate cash since that's the issue forget Evergreen right now. Let's talk cash right now.

And so one of the things that I would do is I would either do one of two things and I'll tell you what what I believe you should do I would either do a live webinar with a different angle that would allow different angle than what you've done in the past. Related to SSG. So like a natural extension in some form or fashion, but a different angle. I would have a live webinar. I would and then that live webinar should lead to an offer for the core program in the end for EBA right in the end.

And so in other words, I would go right I'd have a registration page. I would send I would email your list of buyers. I would email your list of non buyers as well and I would send them to that webinar and right I'd schedule that bad boy like four days out. I wouldn't work on the webinar until it's scheduled and I sent out the email so that now you have no choice but to get the webinar done, right? I would send that bad boy out.

I would put people on there and I would um, I'd make the offer for EBA at the end if you want to continue to go with the for right now the application like pitch for application right rather than the full-blown EBA offer fine like fine. You can do that right now, but I would live webinar the other thing that like I would probably do and it's only because of our skill set because I'm not as good on on webinars. As you guys are what I would do is I would do a vsl version and my vsl version would be what I would do is I would do a pure pitch video about EBA and the value of EBA and what they're gonna learn and what it's going to do for them and I would send that out to the buyers on your list and I would send them email right to that video. What I would do is I would do three days of emails sending folks to that video and whoever clicks on any one of the links in those emails that goes to that video. I would then have a four-day follow-up process, um to drive them to apply for Eva, right?

So for us, The reality is is that's something that we could do in an afternoon. So write a simple a simple video a pitch video, like worst case scenario Lucas. Don't even script it. Right get on camera and say, you know, like right right. You've gone through SSG.

Let me tell you it's Lucas. I want to tell you about something that blah blah blah boom apply if right like, um, I think you guys are great on webinar so you can certainly do that, but there's gonna be a delay and there's gonna be much more prep for that and and the delivery of that but I would certainly start to go direct to your buyers with a pitch to apply not content. Stop educating them. Don't worry about evm like we're talking buyers now on your house file. Right buyers on your house file will not talk in front end right front end cool webinar education based stuff.

If you want to do that or vsl with some little education or the appearance of Education your buyers right now pitch. pitch Does that make sense? It does. You know, I I yeah, no no fire away, please. I love when you are.

I love your deep thinker and right and so please fire away. So, you know, look I I'm all for fast implementation, right like I could go and I could record a video face to camera like I could not script it. I could script it. I could I could do a full vsl. I could spend three weeks learning John's method and do it five step and blah blah and whatever we could do all the things or none of them.

I don't know but you know, I think the the point about what you just shared that I like is really condensing the time to get to the point of just freaking apply, right? You know, I I think that the I'm I'm feeling resistant to the idea of a direct just go by to anyone in there. I'm not saying right. I'm gonna let you off the hook on that. I'm not saying here.

Right like not at all. Let's not change five things at the same time right you right you guys have been we've done that. We've kind of cracked a lot of eggs. The kitchen is a little messy right now. I'm not saying that I wouldn't change that.

What I ultimately want to do is I just want the shortest path even like look man, I would if it would even be easier right? I wouldn't even give a full pitch of everything that comes with EBA. I would just say like look if you need help with this, right, we've got a solution called Soul scaling systems that it'll do this for you and this for you and this for you. We have a separate program that I can tell you about. Right?

I don't want to waste your time and tell you about it here if you're interested here is what I want you to do. I want you to go and I want you to apply right once you fill out that application, we're gonna give you all the details on this other program And start there, so it's not much different from what you're doing right now. Yeah, I definitely think that we could do that. This is more or less one of the ideas that that I thought would would work. Well, so I I agree with that.

My mind simultaneously goes to them and the other arena in terms as well. So that's well. Look you have to though like look this is when when Damian said earlier that you know, like there are times in lots of entrepreneurs lives where they deal with this sometimes right? You gotta like we got to deal with cash flow. We can always Circle back.

We will Circle back and deal with Evergreen right after we like, you know, there's nothing worse than laying your head at night and being cash flow cash flow cash flow. Sometimes you got to take care of the short term, right? You got a tree Ash before you can worry about advancing the Army and so, um, you know, so I would I would start there right? That's the first place that I would start. I want to I want to talk about a couple of other things that you you said week and I'm gonna be careful here because I could turn this into a three hour a three hour meeting for us and I want to be sent to my time in your time.

Go ahead. Yeah. Just want to have one more thing. We are seeing diminishing returns with our list, right? So like we've been hit hard especially this month and so I just I want to put it out there that buyer not buyer like we're Increased opt outs decrease opens and clicks Etc.

So but that's right. That's normal, right, you know if you're not feeding the front of the pipeline the pipelines eventually going to drain the point is that we've have significant missing pieces when people come in the fact that hey, you know, 90% apply day one and then the other the follow-up and whatever, you know what I'm saying, meaning that what Lucas what Damian is really saying and you are spot on right like very like if you're if we're not feeding the front end, then we are gonna immediately start to see diminishing returns and and everything right? But right now for from a cash perspective right go to the list don't like go to go to the list. Right and let's tap into the Goodwill, um and trust that you've already built with these buyers and expose them to the opportunity to apply for EBA. There is low hanging fruit there.

I know based on the sheer lack of proactive aggressive marketing of the call to action, right and so I would go there the if that's where we stayed long-term we would wind up in a problem, right? We would have a problem because of the the diminishing return which what we're gonna what we're Have to do is we're going to have to really talk about I don't want to say. You know, we're gonna have to talk about tweaking the front end offer to make sure that we're attracting the right people all of your front end offers. You ultimately want to bring you want to bring in people that you feel are gonna be qualified for the core program. And so ultimately if there are certain characteristics that that you don't want on your list because they don't qualify for your core offer then in our messaging for SSG.

We need to make sure we weed them out right and so like we weed them out and we don't, you know, we don't have them in there like we repel newbies if that's ultimately what we want to do different conversation for a um for a different time. I still want to fully wrap my head around the whole application thing. I really do. I gotta really just really process process that um, but I want to shift gears for one second and a totally unrelated question to from marketing and this is for You Jim? So what is the percentage your fit your your generally right?

What is the percentage of your fixed costs every month of your um of your gross profit. Okay, one sec. A hundred and change percent. Okay. Well, we're losing money right now.

Yeah. Well, yeah, okay. So when you when you weren't losing money, okay, right like when you weren't losing money, I mean if you if you look back over the past 12 months on average what percentage do the do the fixed costs what percentage of your gross profit or your fixed costs? Ah, let's see. While he's looking that up Lucas do your fixed cost include a salary for you and Jim?

Yeah. Okay good. ah Roughly Jim. I don't really have it broken out by fixed. Well, if you took out, I mean I have to believe that if you took out your media buying expenses, including all fees, whatever all that all media buying expenses.

Everything else is probably pretty much fixed expenses for you guys. Right, you're not holding Live Events. You're not. Yeah last year if we take if we take out media. Advertising was about 22% of our income last year.

So now you're you're tent you're saying 22% of your top line of your gross revenue right? Not even gross profit. Okay, so 22% of your gross revenue, and we rest of you there we the rest of your expenses were were what so in other words you're saying based on what you just you just said, so you're you're the rest of your expenses make up about 90% I Of income. Yeah, we we last year. We barely eat a profit.

We had like a few percent profit last year. Okay, and so, can you tell me are can you tell me how much you spend? What are your your fixed costs per month Dollar Wise roughly on average well, Shipped it's fixed. So it shouldn't change. Yeah, it is approximately.

around 60k It's pretty high. Yeah, that's you know, look, you know, I'll tell you because this is a topic that is near and dear to my heart. Damien can can can share this with you. It took it was a tough lesson and we see this often and this is a killer right the the analogy that I I learned or I heard early on that drove so much of our business after we realized that our our expenses were way too high was the only analogy that I can give and don't take this out of context because we use this analogy with ourselves was that you got a Honda Accord engine and you got a bus for a chassis and so another words right? Like you're spending too much of money for the amount of Revenue that you are are bringing in so I'll yeah, you have to be very like look, I mean, I'll tell you um I'll tell you I don't think that our expenses are much more than yours.

to put things in perspective our fixed cost I don't think our fixed costs are much more than yours. And so to put that in perspective for you. Yeah, right. Like you're you're spending, you know, when I heard when you know Lucas when you said, you know, I heard some mention of 80 grand, you know, just to break even right like that's an immediate red flag for me an immediate red flag that we need 80 grand just to break even because 80 grand for this size business is a tremendous amount of money. And so I you know, it it pains me to say that just like it pain.

It pained me to say that, you know with Damien for us to have that conversation, but that you are current you out we have right now, right? It's like look, we've got a Honda Accord engine and we're carrying a bus chassis. The chassis is too big for the engine. And so what happens is we then get put in a position where now we're making decisions rightly. So we have to but we're making these triage decisions for cash flow.

We can't think Evergreen right now or long term because we've got to take care of our immediate cash needs right? If you look at the ROI on the dollars that we're investing, right? The ROI is is minimal if any right on the on the amount that we're investing I would tell you guys that you need to take a good hard look at your expenses because I would say that your expenses should probably be in the ballpark of I don't I mean it pains me to say this, but I would think that you're you're expenses should be in the ballpark of 40. Would you say Damien that that's fair? I was gonna say 40 to 50 just because just like us there's two big talents in the company.

It's not that's not a solopreneur driven business. So to make sure these guys pay themselves. Well, so probably a little closer to upper 40s, but Yeah, and so right and that's the reality is is that this business your type of business should have I mean really in all fairness. You should you should be you should have about a 20% net profit. Margin 20 cents of every Top Line dollar should be falling to the bottom line.

And so right like what you have to realize is that what it takes for you to move the bottom line how much top-line dollars you have to bring in to move the bottom line, right? If you're if right of every dollar that comes in only 10 cents is falling to the bottom line. Holy moly, right you are paying a lot you're paying 90 cents to add 10 cents to the bottom line. And that's the problem is at the moment. We're not even doing that.

Right? And so you're not doing that. It's even worse. Yeah, so I Jim and I have you know had this conversation a couple times recently, but I think we're probably both on the same page that there's probably some difficult decisions ahead, you know with some of our fixed costs and and we did it. We've been through it.

We've been through it multiple times. And so every time that we we got bloated and we're like, yeah 8,000 a month in Tech expenses, like what the heck man like and so and sometimes people and sometimes right there have been people that we had to say like, it's just not there the value for the company is not there. But um, Yeah, I I really think when are you back Lucas? next week Next week, okay. Hmm.

a word like five five k a month and Tech expenses Yeah, oh I know about it. Um chicken scream at every new every new tool. It's only $50 a month. Yeah, the answer is no right like is my favorite. My favorite thing.

Damian will tell you I love apps and tools and Tech and all that and so but I know I'm like I can't order this because it's gonna get flagged immediately. Oh and so, um, We got we got to let we got to lend them your mom for like a couple weeks. Oh gosh. I mean I I think the good news those we're not going anywhere. You know, you're not you're not going anywhere.

It's just a matter of really what you the first thing that you need to the thing that you need to do because I need to I want to marinate a little bit because there's a lot of things that we need to really kind of tweak, but the very first thing because he is is cash and so I would do like I said either a webinar or a vsl and I would just make sure that you put a significant follow-up process in place, uh, you know at some point what we really need to think about we're gonna have to talk about and that's why I said there's a lot of a lot I'm gonna take some notes after we after we get off and just a few minutes, but you know, like there's also no deadline for people to apply, correct. right and so right so we put them apply. Once they apply there's a deadline right but there's no deadline to apply in other words like to can apply at any point in time. And so um we can we can engineer that though we can yeah. Yeah, of course.

Yeah, and I mean we haven't even brought. I know we're trying to deal with you know, we're gonna have to do everything right we have to triage everything but I mean, they're the their Gap in the middle Todd is even more extreme than ours. It's either 37 bucks or 15K right? Like there's any that too. Yeah.

I mean for the longest time, I've wrestle talk to the ground. I'm like man 97 to 2K is too big of a jump. We need some 297 497 now we're getting them out and people love them and they're great. Um, but you know, hey 37 if you want to stay on the road with us, it's 15K. I mean, I'm all about keeping a business model simple.

But it's we are we just rolled out today. There's just too many people who aren't gonna go from a $15 a $37 purchase to a 15,000 investment. They're just Well, the reality is I mean and this it's a different conversation for a different day. But the reality is is that the marketplace this Marketplace is made up of people that don't that the majority of people don't have 15K to spare. That's not I'm not saying that that doesn't mean that a 15K offer can't work and scale and all that.

I'm not saying that at all what I'm saying is that right? There's a lot of there's a lot of waste that ends up on a list when you're only offering a 15K product because the majority are not going to be able to or not going to be able to afford that. yeah, there's a I gotta I'm traveling next week myself, but maybe write Damien. We're in Austin next week. We are I believe that.

I will I'll figure it out Lucas so that we can jump on I'll jump on with you from Austin because I think it's important enough to To figure out when to do that. I've Glenda coordinate with you. No rush while you're traveling. We'll figure it out, you know next week. We'll figure it out and we'll get something on for early next week Damien.

When are we getting there? Monday so we get there Tuesday. No Tuesday, I think around 4:00 or so. And then okay. So are you back on Monday Lucas?

Yes, okay, so I'll have Glenda set that up for for Monday for us. But in the meantime what I would be like where I'd be where I'd be thinking is vsl or webinar for EBA right pitch meaning the the application same process that you've used just like tapping to the people that you haven't been aggressive with just yet. From a cash perspect. I just quickly asked sure when we when we think about this like what what type of you know vsl like it's it's such a broad term at this point, right? So yeah, is this is this like a three minute face to cam?

Like listen, you're here you want to be here? That's what we do over here. Come do this and when you do you're gonna see this and that and whatever or is it like a you know, 15 20 minute and it's an intentional inscripted and five part, you know, I would right now I would look you know right now I would do I wouldn't say a three minute it'll probably end up being five to seven minutes, you know, something like that. I wouldn't worry about the time if it turns out to be for turns out to be 10. That's not that's not significant I would do on camera.

I wouldn't I wouldn't script it. What I probably would do Lucas is I probably would gather your thoughts and maybe put down some notes not notes that you're gonna use while you're doing the vsl. But just to all right. These are the kind of mean points. That I want to hit and then like look man.

This is an opportunity for you due to get on camera. Not not you know not screen capture just on camera face to face and share who this is for and what it'll do for them. Look them look in the camera and share it who it's for and what it will do for them. And the call to action is if you think that this could be helpful right like then go ahead and apply I'll give you all the details on the on the next page. I'll give you the opportunity to get into this right like that's it start there.

So this should be something that right take take 30 minutes to gather your thoughts take another 30 minutes to to record it. You'll have hiccups and blah blah and then roll like right and then roll it doesn't it's not to be perfected. Like don't you don't have to script it out none of that and then time without complicating things, but then you know, or we correct that we want to see Lucas Drive consumption of the video and then once people consume the video have a separate campaign to drive conversion. So the answer is yes, but I want to be careful in that. So the the there would be a two-part email sequence and this doesn't even have to be set up in advance.

So you we do this both sometimes Evergreen style click and conversion sequence. Sometimes we do this just through broadcast for like the ultimately right. I would have three days of emails that are designed to get people to click the link and go over and watch the video. After those three days, right the only like if people don't click on any one of those links to go watch the video then there there for they're done for right now, right then we know. Okay.

So let's say hypothetically 90% of the email list never clicks on any one of the links in that right the people who do click on the links. Those are the people that should be getting the follow-up about applying for EBA right and it should be about why you want to apply what you're gonna gain what problem this is gonna solve for you why you want to do this, right? And then the beauty is that after that promotion right after that little little promotion if we want. Well, we still have the other 90% that never even clicked on and heard about EBA. That's when we could do the same thing with a different video a different right like an audio or whatever we want.

Right? And so the reality is is that we just have to be aggressive in continuing to follow up with people giving them different reasons to consume right so you One video that's on Eva right you could have another video that is about the number one problem that people in in SSG that they deal with right and the simplest way to to handle it to overcome that is with a certain type of system in your business. We call cell scaling system. I want to tell you how you can experience that in your different angle different hook simple video. Boom.

Don't overthink it it's amazing. I'll tell you even from our personal experience Lucas for what it's worth. That some of the best performing videos both core videos and upsells that we've had over the last I would say six months have been I hate to even say it but have been unscripted me on camera off the cough like you know, what I'm under the gun. I got to get this video out that the heck with it. I recently did that.

It was one of our best performing upsells kills me, but so don't overthink it let your passion come through man. Let your right who who this is for and what it'll do for you if you're struggling with X Y and Z and you need Elemental Pete that I want to give you the opportunity to get it we have another program. I don't want to waste your time right now telling you about it. What I want to do if you want it go ahead click the button Below on the next page you'll fill out a short application and then I'll give you all of the details. That's it.

Simple. Does that make sense for right now? And then we'll wanna I got a really, you know, I got a really weed through this make some notes get my Thinking Out of My Head based on everything that you shared I about what I would do next ultimately after that because there's some big big levers that we need to pull. Yeah, I I think it does make sense. and yeah, I I think we're all saturated.

Okay, you guys will be fine. You guys will be totally like you'll be fine. You'll be great and this will be part of your your journey and your story some of the most successful marketers folks that you would know by name, right? We've helped with this same exact circumstance. And so so you'll be fine.

You guys will be great Jim. Do you have any questions related on your side of things? um I get their suggestions. We had a conversation earlier today about. Other ways to generate cash fast without having to even create any new assets.

So one of the thoughts that I had was to just offer private coaching. Just pitch it to our current clients. Like we're not making any money from our clients. Once they buy us once they buy EBA. I know that's a whole separate issue but we have you know, 80 some people that are currently active in EBA that don't get any private coaching that could that might be interested and I just thought I know it's a one-time thing.

Well what I would do, that's just not that's we add another top one member who did that to pay for his kitchen. Remember Damian? Yeah. I was just gonna say kitchen rehab move. Yeah, if you're like it if she was that privilege, but yeah, well, yeah, I mean, yeah, look if you're with that, we're just yeah.

No, I have nothing to say that like I can't argue with that. What I would say is what I would do if you were gonna if you're willing to consider that is I wouldn't do coaching. I would do a one-off intensive. So like you could after you could offer, excuse me, like and Noon intensive like a four hour, you know a four hour intensive console where you know, like an accelerated console where in one one and one afternoon. The private not good.

Yeah. Yeah private what I would not can I spring born on that team sure. I agree with you because the last thing you want is now you have all these people that are like feel like they own you for the next six weeks or two months. That's all regret that immediately now wouldn't team that we were I was thinking would be with our coach rather than us, but that's fair you could do. I mean you could do that too, but I would still do a one-off like one after like in you know, and and call it something cool like, you know, whatever an accelerated console or you know, like salary.

Yeah and acceleration session right? Just make sure though that you have you're gonna do that have a specific promise that you're making like at the end of this you will know X Y and Z you'll be able to do Elemental P or you'll solve XYZ problem like so just make sure that you're not just promising like hey, we'll get on and we'll answer whatever questions you have or your coach will answer. Whatever pray it is for this purpose if that describes you right and then and charge, you know. Charge a nice, you know a nice amount a nice chunk or the way in Todd tell me whether or not you like this. You don't like this.

First of all, you know, the way that that we saw this work really really well was putting a story behind it and then letting people reply, you know, and it just be able to say hey, I'm gonna do five of these just reply back how much it's worth to top five people. You'll get it. I'll book you up and making a story behind it. We don't want the story to be like hair Financial stuff really probably right now, but story could be something like man find a cause you believe in and just say hey man, I saw this man so I'm gonna be giving you know, we're gonna be donating, you know, 20 cents out every dollar to this. I want to raise at least this much money, you know, I'm gonna be doing five of these.

He's a private. I never work privately the clients and never do this. I believe I can accomplish this this this this you're smart and Todd you don't like my idea. No, I I do I would just tell a different story and my story would be more along the lines of assuming and then we're gonna wrap up and we're gonna let these guys go assuming that right like, let's assume that it was Hypothetically Lucas willing to do these for I don't know two thousand dollars a pop or something or whatever. The number is that these guys pick right?

My story would be and it would be coming from Lucas would be um, you know, I had a conversation with Jim and I told Jim that if I met with five people that I guarantee that I could add, you know x amount to their business. Jim didn't think that I can do it and so he dropped the gauntlet on me and now I'm about to prove it and so I'm willing to take on five it's only it can only be five because I'm only willing to do five and that was the deal right and it's the first come first serve basis, but if you want to be one of those five that I had Ted Grant to over the next 30 days or whatever it is, then here's the deal go apply right now or go fill out your credit card. It's you know, and I would send them right to an order form right through through email. And so that's that's what I would do right so that you know, you put this spin on it where you know, like now Lucas has something to prove and so, you know that he's gonna be on the the war path to to make it happen. Right?

Like that's the story I would tell But the point we're getting Way Beyond now the like I think it's a great idea. I just wouldn't do any long-term commitment. I do a one-off. I do a four hour like accelerated thing. Um, and the beauty is too that you know, who knows the beauty is that you can see a tremendous amount of response and that could turn into something big.

You know, that that became for a while when I was willing to do it when people were coming into West Palm for us. That was a big that was a big money maker for us for a while. And so uh one-offs four hours. That's it. Okay.

All right, Lucas keeping eye out for Glenda. She'll coordinate on Monday with us. Think about the SL simple on camera. If you have any questions while you're doing it slack me. I'll make sure I keep an eye out for you.

Okay? Well, I appreciate it. Thank you guys. Appreciate your time, right?
