---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-21 16:02:43"
date: 2022-10-21
duration: 56m
duration_seconds: 3378
vimeo_id: 762729322
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-21 16:02:43

**Date:** 2022-10-21 | **Duration:** 56m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up guys about the most casa? How are you? What's shaking? How are you guys? We're good.

Yeah, all good. We we missed you. But I miss you, it's good to see you guys as always so so bring me up to speed tell me what's going on. Give me a little State of the Union kind of share. Well, we launched the the funnel that okay talking about.

To get the funnel in a day workshop guys. I've got some numbers for you. Okay, so we have had a thousand thousand sixty eight visitors here I can. Share my screen show you the different pages too if you want to see him. Yeah, that would be great.

Let's see. Where is this one? All right, so This page so this is the this is the opt-in page. Okay, we've had a thousand sixty eight visitors this page and 272 opt-ins. For a thousand and hang on one second thousand fifty six visitors and down 68 and 272.

It's a 25.5% opt-in on this page. Okay, and this is these are called traffic numbers Todd. Okay. Okay. So this is from Paid what Facebook ads uh-huh.

Yeah, we are ads the ads. The ads are great. We basically made our own memes and they're really sarcastic and they're making fun of everything else. That's like I love it. I love it.

Okay. Okay. So so 25% of people opt in here then they get to this page. Which is the sales page? 91% of people who hit this page start The application.

Okay 91% so that in these numbers that's 248 people started the application. Okay. Yeah, I got it 72% completed the application or sorry not 72% 72 completed the application. So 29% completed it. So we went from 248 starting it to 72% completing it and this like if they land on this page that's considered a start.

Okay, so 29% completed it then we have. So we've gotten 72 applications. in the time that we've been doing this this these are the key questions in the application so you can see the kind of results. We're getting which of these best describes your business currently. I have a service or subscription.

I'm selling online an idea for a product or service but I'm not currently selling it online. So that's the most most of them or at least in this case digital product and I'm selling online physical product. I primarily sell offline. What's your biggest challenge right now other which is a little annoying. I'm getting very few visitors or not making many cells.

I'm getting visitors, but my things are converting profitable, but have a hard time scaling living off current clients. What's my desired monthly profit from this business? You can see these numbers for yourself, you know? and then assuming you had an offer that was converting how much could you invest on traffic each month is just kind of like a disqualification question so half You know are you know, that's where we're at. So our cost per application.

Is a hundred and sixteen bucks? Okay, and our cost per lead so of the 272 opt-ins are cost per lead. It's been 30 bucks. Cost per so cost per app is a hundred and sixteen. Yeah, correct.

And the cost per Lead You Said is What 30? 30 do you know what the cost per visitor is? Yep, I could tell you so we're getting let's see. He's got to be somewhere around six bucks. Probably maybe six to eight something like that.

Yeah 8352 7782 okay. 782 okay. Okay, so everything sounds good so far. Yeah, so we haven't closed anybody yet. I think well what happens tell me walk me through what happens after the app is filled out.

Yeah. So so this is this is where like I think our problem is because I I think these numbers look pretty good so far. Yeah on the front end and considering this a high ticket offer. Like I'm okay with this like we close one, maybe two people out of that badge like we're making a shitload of money. Yeah.

I think our current person who's been working these leads. Has been slow to respond. So we're changing that I'm gonna have somebody else do it. Who's more immediate? I think the world so slow down for one second.

So out of the 72 completed apps, so you're driving people to a conversation a phone call. And so out of the 72 completed apps how many conversations took place? I would say I I don't have that exact number. I know where. I would say at least a dozen if not 15 to 20.

if I had to if I had a ballpark it I know there's people this is a guess. So call it 15 to 20. So let's call it. In the ballpark of call it roughly 20 to I mean 25% Alright apps I I could be on the lower side, but There's been a lot of texting with these people. So, I don't know how many actual calls she's had versus how many people she's been in touch with.

Okay that number I don't have right now. Okay, and so what is the process of somebody completes the app and then what happens next? There's now a calendly link for them to schedule a call. That wasn't there to begin with. So that's there now, but she had limited availability on our calendar.

So that's that's been fixed. Um, then she would text them. And we would have some automated emails going out as well. Okay, so, okay. So let's come back to that for one second.

So all of these other numbers look good, right like all these other numbers look good, especially for a high ticket offer. So, you know, everything from cost per visitor is is reasonable. Um cost per lead is you know cost per lead is is okay. It could be a little bit lower cost per app is great right at a high ticket offer at 116 bucks, uh, certainly the completed apps to conversations. We need to address right because it should be somewhere in the ballpark of really a minimum 65% really like right like 65% should go from app to phone call and then of course we need to talk about the conversion obviously.

Right. Now the sample size is somewhat small based on the conversations, right if we're talking 15 to 20 people but nevertheless. We need to talk a little bit about. How those calls are being handled. So let's go back for one second to what to me is the first constraint which is apps to to actual phone call.

And so you said that you put a calendly link in place for people to proactively schedule a call. When did that go into place? Probably? Halfway through this campaign. I would say.

So the campaign started on September 24th. So it's literally been about four weeks. So I would say the calendly link probably went in about maybe 10 days two weeks into that and then last week. We changed the calendly link to something that had more scheduling availability. Okay, but that was pretty recent.

Okay, and so let's just get into some specifics for a second if it's possible. So the so how far out well when it when are people able to schedule an appointment? So in other words I fill out the app today how far out am I able to to schedule the appointment and how soon am I able to schedule like am I able to schedule it tomorrow? Yeah now. And how far out are you making the appointments available?

I think like three weeks. Okay. So I recommend that you radically reduce that. So in other words, you're you're opening up appointments in three weeks, like people could schedule an appointment in three weeks from today. Mm-hmm.

Yeah, I would keep that to I would if if it's at all possible, I wouldn't go more than five to seven days max. Like Max right? Like I would not allow people to schedule like I would shut that off so that they cannot schedule more than five to seven days out and that's a lot. So I believe in Damian could speak more accurately to this, but I believe that we found the sweet spot to be 72 hours that every time we and what ultimately happened just so that you know, it wasn't that people weren't are are appointment or immediate appointment rate the the rate at which people were scheduling an appointment when up when we lengthen the the time frame that they could schedule but our show rate plummeted. And so we found the sweet spot to be just about 72 hours in terms of maximizing the number of appointments immediately as well as the the show rate.

So what happens right now? So let's talk to two more things. So what happens right now when a let's say somebody schedules the appointment. So they now go to the calendly link and they schedule the appointment what happens next? So they'll get they'll get a series of emails and you kind of talking about what's gonna happen.

Okay, they are also we're also texting them manually to say. Hey, we saw this, you know your scheduled excited for our conversation that that's basically what's happening right now. Okay, and so make sure write that from a marketing perspective that you don't let the pedal, you know, like keep the pedal to the metal in other words, right your ultimately continuing to Fan the flame of what they're gonna be able to do after this call. Like that's still marketing. So don't default to the reminder, right?

Like don't just to fall to the reminder the reminder as part of it, but the bigger part of it is getting them just jazzed, you know fired up for this call and we do that through like this is this is the turning point for you right after this call, right? If you choose we're gonna build your funnel in a day, you're gonna be able to get client you're gonna be able to get sales you're gonna business is gonna take Is the moment for you get ready get excited load up on carbs, whatever you need to do. This is the moment right like for you this is this is it and so continue to like Market recognizing that you know, like every stage of the process where marketing so once they so and and this is an important point. That I used to drill into um our team that you got to look at every stage of this campaign as it's own entity which then has its own objective and its own marketing. So once somebody schedules the appointment, our job is not done now the next stage is we've got a market to them so that we get them to show right and then when we get them to show we're ultimately selling them on but every single stage of this process, right you got to look at separately.

We've got to measure it. We've got a monitor it and we've got to make sure that it's dialed and it has that focus on on marketing. Now what happens is somebody um fills out the app hits the calendly link page whatever and doesn't schedule There's an email campaign. Driving them to schedule. Okay, so same thing right?

Like it should be almost very similar to you know, to to the campaign that we just talked about. Um, like you gotta like sell them on it like and and I would build up in that campaign. I would build up in the intensity of like if not this what right like in other words towards the end of that bit like in other words, you got to lay it on because at that point we've got nothing to lose towards the end of the campaign. So you got to lay it on like right like your marketing and you're marketing, you know, and you're selling heavy with them. And so um, okay and then what is the what's the process give me an a general overview of the sale the the actual phone call.

So is this is there any kind of script that she uses or that's being used or is it just kind of like like tell me about the phone call? She's not Having a real sales conversation with them. She's having like a discovery conversation with them to see if they're even qualified to get on the phone with us at which point okay conversation would happen. Okay, and so and and so deep what are the when what are the qualifications that you guys are using? Like, how are you?

How is she ultimately qualifying People based on what she's she's asking a few questions about, you know their business like do they really have a business or not? Do they have a list? If so, how big is their list do they have money to invest in, you know taking their marketing and their business the next level and so she's kind of just Discovering with those questions and so is she clear and I don't mean to harp on these little things but is she clear on kind of like what like when she's obviously asking questions and so is she clear on the criteria that she's ultimately looking for like like I want to make sure that this person has X Y and Z as long as they have X Y and Z whatever that is, then they qualify. They don't have X Y and Z then they don't qualify. She clear on what that criteria is.

I think so, but I I can't tell you with confidence that she's clear like okay about it, but that would definitely talked about it. But I think the I think the other issue and you you may be familiar with this Todd is that you know, somebody may not have sold any of their thing but they have success in a different area that they're wanting to bring to this so it's kind of like some people have the money but they don't have a proven product yet. Some people have a product that they're like really trying to get off the ground and because of that they don't have the money to invest in like ads or they have a big list, but they have do you know, I mean, it's just like it's mesh of stuff. So it's like what's that direct formula to say you check these three or four boxes? And so now we'll have a conversation with you.

It's kind of a Like a feel for the person business. Yeah, and I think that that's totally cool. I totally get it. It's the same way, you know same way with us really? Um, I would say that for what it's worth.

She still needs to be clear on whether it's you could have this and this and not this and you qualify you could have this not this and this and you qualify, right but like so just making sure that because what I found in our in our business is that people were being disqualified that afterwards I would say that person shouldn't have been disqualified. Yeah, and that's been my fear this whole time because one of our disqualifying questions was like only having a thousand dollars or less to invest in ads per month. And so we weren't talking to those people and I was just like, but if you're talking about month over month like we have campaigns that we're running less than a thousand dollars a month on and they're doing really well. And I would I would think it was silly for somebody to disqualify us from a done for you offer. You know, so so I kind of been on on the same thing where I'm like, I feel like there's still gold in those opt-ins and in those apps that we just were like, oh, they're not good enough.

You are not not good enough, but you know, I completely agree with you. I'll tell you that for what it's worth. I think that um, I think that most people are just too overzealous in in their disqualification process and like, you know, I also think you got to be so careful with the whole, you know, the whole money question, like look if somebody says I've got no money I've got no credit. I'm not willing to invest anything I can invest anything. That's one thing right like but you know like that.

Other than that, there's so much room in there when they're on a call with you guys and you guys lay out. The truth for them about what they need to do to build their business what can happen when they do it, right and how they can start with $100 and turn that into 200 and turn that into 800 and then eventually write in just a matter of weeks be it a thousand or twelve hundred and AD spend like right you have the opportunity to ultimately show somebody the value of of investing whatever it is that they have like I just think to you know, we we were disqualifying people that shouldn't have been disqualified and that's why it's so important that you are clear with her on what the criteria should be like what you're ultimately and and in some cases it may be easier. For you to tell her what you're not looking for, right? So in other words, we don't want this. We don't want if somebody's you know, somebody doesn't have a business doesn't have an idea doesn't have a product any combination of those we don't want them.

If somebody doesn't have you know, any money whatsoever. No credit. No, like we don't want them. Other than that. Let's say just as an example let him in like let them let them roll over like let him go you can always tighten up.

You can always tighten it up over time. Do you think there's any value and I think we've both kind of been reluctant to do this just because of the time that it'll take but do you think there's like any value in just us having those calls initially like me functioning as a Setter screening because I'm more Versed and I can kind of like sift out who's a good candidate and who's not faster than Courtney might I feel like I feel like we're selling speed and then we're not being Speedy on the back end. Of like closing it. And so that's that's one thing that became really apparent to us. And I was like, I don't want to take all these calls from like Tire kickers and people who don't have businesses and people who have an idea.

But at the same time, I don't know that there's anybody more qualified to take those calls than me and then I can just bring James in as a Setter and like have him close it. Yeah, I certainly don't I mean look, I don't I don't think it's necessary. But I I think that it would be wildly valuable. I think that it would be insightful. I think you'll learn a lot about um, do we need to tighten up the qualification process?

Do we need to tighten up? Like who submitting the app is the apps? Do we need to loosen the quality? Like we went through so many iterations as Damien did many calls to really understand what people were saying and so I I well I don't it's not necessary. It certainly would be valuable for you at least at the beginning to do that.

Sure. Yeah, I think that you got to be you know, like look, you know, what what I'll say for what it's worth right and look I I you know, I'm not a sales guy. Like I don't like sales like, you know what I mean? Like I don't like sales. I'm not I'm not good at it.

Um, you know, I've always found that sales and marketing just maybe it's because I look at the sales team is like mmm, you know, like right um that um, but what I was gonna say was that but you you're paying money like for these people to get on the phone, right you're paying money every single application, right? It's costing us a hundred and sixteen dollars, right we get, you know, like 10 applications. That's that's a thousand dollars that we've just invested and so I don't want to allow a salesperson to just get on the phone and wing it at all like we had and I would certainly be more than happy to give This to you guys we are just like this is the first question that you ask them. And this is how you ask the question and this is Ultimate. This is the answer that you're you're looking for.

And if you don't get the answer, right you have to ask this question, right? And you ask this question this way because I'm I'm paying we're paying money for every single application. And so I don't want any one person to wing it to like right like they disqualify somebody that shouldn't be disqualified. That's a hundred and sixteen bucks that we just let walk out the door right like and so and and really the potential for a lot more. Um, as well.

That's an individual that that we did they got no help we didn't benefit they didn't benefit everybody lost in the whole equation. And so we had our like we made sure that this is what you say. This is how you say it. This is the order in which you say it and I want you to understand why we're asking these questions what the objective of each question is and ultimately what we are Looking for in a person period and you are and I I told them you are not to deviate like don't this is not you're not here to use your own judgment. Right?

Like that's not the game right? I'm gonna tell you what to look for what not to look for. I'm going to tell you who qualifies and I'm gonna tell you how to qualify them because it's it's money and so, uh, yeah, so hope that you know, like make sense and I would like I'd be more than happy to whatever resources we have if you want to see it. I'd be more than happy to um, yeah, I'd love I'd love to see it because like I I did our on our team meeting on Monday. I was just like, all right.

I was like what happened here? And at that point, I think we've gotten 67 apps and then we went through the Asana board. We're like, she's making all her notes on people and we literally like I watched them say like we closed out 41 applications and I was like, what does that mean? We close them out and they're like, oh they weren't a good fit. They didn't answer they blah blah, whatever and I was just like That's 4,100 that you just like like poof.

They're just gone and it made me sick to my stomach because I do care that we're paying 116 dollars per applicant. And so I'm like If I can get on with them and you know, like my freaking Apple watch will go off. Right? It's like hey new application submitted. And at first I was like sweet we're getting applications.

And then every time it went off I was like is anyone messaging them? Like has anyone picked up the phone and just called this person like what has happened, you know, and so I know we have like a really nice cushion because we do have a high ticket offer that it's like, hey, we can sell one and like recoup everything that we've invested up until this point. That's great. But that doesn't mean that we get to just like sit back and be like, well we'll get here when they get here, you know. Yeah.

No totally I just preach it keep preach because you're you're like, right like don't you know, like let's not, you know, it's the whole fat and happy like let's not get lazy just because there is a cushion doesn't mean that you know, we're hoping that's something produces. Um, and so and I think like look, you know James you're you're a freaking beast when it comes to this right? You're I've told you before like you're you're so much better of a so much bigger. A beast than I am with this and so sometimes it just takes that reminding of like there should be nothing that's like willy-nilly that's like, I hope that this is going down. I hope that this is happening.

It never works. It never works when every time I've said like I hope that XYZ is happening x y z never happens or never happens the way that it should happen and so like and this is you know, like this is like look, you know, look at even the if we're at a 25% is could be higher could be a little bit lower. Um app to To call rate, like look at the money. That's just being wasted. I agree.

Like that's nuts like nuts, especially like think about it. These These are people that are coming from cold traffic they saw an ad they said hmm, they clicked on the ad came to an opt-in page. Wow, looks interesting. Enter their information went over to the the sales page. Wow, let me fill out the application like come on, you know what I mean?

Like there's a problem on our end if we are losing the majority of people and so we've got a we've got to dial that in and and dial in the the sales you like to make sure that like you I want to know right we're on the same team like this is our business. I'm talking to you like we're sitting around the boardroom table. I want to know what what happens from minute one. I want to know everything that happens and I'm gonna tell you what should happen and we're gonna lay it out there is no I'm not gonna allow anybody else to make a judgment call to make the well how you feel? A none of that none of that.

I need we need a repeatable process right where we know exactly what's happening when where how and by who and then it's our job right as you know James because you're great at this. It's our job to inspect that and make sure that that's happening anytime. We find ourselves like when I would find and this is right total transparency when I would be on a meeting and I would hear Damian say well then what happened right? Well, then what what happens next? Like what happens next after this after that meeting I would say to Damian you should never be asking well then what happens next?

You should be looking at the measurement of what we said should happen and the result like so if you're asking what you like, if you don't know what should happen next. You don't know what's going on who does know are we relying on front, you know Frontline people to decide right? And so all I want to I want to put in place what needs to happen when where right how and by who and then I'm gonna met I'm gonna inspect it to make sure It's happening and then we're gonna measure it to see if it's producing the result that we want and then when we identify a constraint like all right, this is underperforming where it should be then we can go in and figure out why is it a system that the system is flawed or is it the adherence to the system that's flawed and then we can address it fix it optimize it whatever and then do the same thing. And so right like make sense like you got it. I totally agree.

I totally agree. I think I think there's a unnecessary amount of Like oh like she'll take care of it once we got him over to her because she's been working with us for a while. Yeah, but it's clear that. It's effed on the sales pipeline side of things. Yeah.

Yeah, and it's really like look in it's not it's really it's our fault right percent agree with himself hours. So it doesn't sound like it's your fault like well no it I mean look at the end of the day we're on the same team and still happened. It's just softened it. So beautifully I can tell your copyrighter. Like listen, we know better.

It's all right. We listen because I it's I I'm guilty of I have people on my team that have been with me for like six years and I'm like, they're gonna do they'll handle it and they don't handle it. No, I don't and so like I think the truth is like we both from probably a week in have had this suspicion that it's like she getting to him fast enough like what are those conversations look like we've been having these questions, but I I think at least on my end the honest answer is like I've been reluctant to be the one to have to go back to like setting all these calls and having the calls and I just like I feel like let's breed myself from having all these calls and I'm like, okay, let's have different ones, but Truth be told these have a much higher payoff and I think that to your point me being in there and talking with these people is gonna give us a tremendous amount of clarity unlike, you know, our audience selection and our like all the issues that they may be having like what other offers we may be able to provide because I am thinking about that like I'm like, well cool. Maybe you're not a great candidate for a funnel like for a complete funnel in a day, but what if we just do recurring emails for you, like what if we take a portion of the business and like partner with you on something? Like there's I can pivot any number of ways where she's just like, well, I think maybe they could possibly right right not I I agree and I think look the the majority of the marketing on the marketing side with the exception of the from app to call is good.

I'll take it all day. Yeah, and so like it's good. I'll take it all day. It's been the frustrating part. We're like, well, we're pretty sure this funnel is crushing it, but we haven't like done it.

Yeah. Yeah, and I've been there and so I that's why I'm so I'm so passionate and adamant about the system side and what's happening next because right we've had very similar to what you have here. Like we've had great marketing where every step of the process on the marketing side was dialed and then the sales guys would drop the ball. They wouldn't follow up quick enough or they wouldn't they're pitch would be off the wall because we recorded every phone call every single phone call. We recorded of our guys and right when like I would always listen to a couple of of missed calls every week and like And so you're my point is that in with this a lot of moving pieces.

Most of the marketing is dialed. We've got to dial in the app to um to call and then dial in the the sales side of things, but I think that, you know Kudos from a marketing perspective like it's a great way to start. And so how do you guys you guys you feel the same? Like you just put the dense cap on us and send us to the corner to do it. I don't think so.

We're like, all right. This this is what we've been working on and I or you know, we're like it's breaking down here. It's obvious. It's breaking down, you know, whether it was like, you know, $85 an application or 115 dollars an application. I feel like that we're doing great on that side of things.

Yeah, and and I and I agree I think not there's too much left to chance after that application gets filled out and that's what needs to be fixed. And I appreciate you saying that yeah good cool and yada for what it's worth done. You have no idea what I see on some of these calls and so like I you know, like you you guys showed up like that. It's it's almost like you got like, you know one or two bold tires, but the car is beautiful and everything is running. I have people that show up where it's like Parts on a driveway.

They're like, I don't know what's wrong and I'm like, I don't even know what I'm looking at here. You know what I mean? Like this is a van. Is it a bicycle? What am I looking to telescope?

I don't even know what I'm looking at here. And so you guys are by no means like you're so you're so close. It's just it's it's more of a you know, a systems thing. It's more of a James thing. And yeah, yeah.

Well, we we can fix that which is like the the exciting part and I have the time available to take the call. So I think we should just like flip that immediately because I don't need a script like we can develop a script from the calls that I have. Yeah, but it could it could be immediately implemented and hopefully change the trajectory of this thing if you like I had I had to call yesterday. I was like in my inbox was I was super busy. The first part of this week was in my inbox clean stuff out.

I saw one of the applications come through and just freaking called the lady myself. And had a great call with her she might be a candidate for like maybe not the full thing but for something else and like I was like I got her on the phone figured out what's going on in her world like all that. I like I know I know there's shitloads of money and sales that we could be making That is being left on the table. And so if yadas, okay to have these first calls that I don't even think have to take very long. Right?

Like we could we could probably iron this process out faster. Yeah, I I agree and I think that you know, it's exciting to know like right it's like what you just said I hear often right like you get on the phone and people are ready to buy something might not be the core thing that you're right. They're like, they're Jazz. They're ready to buy their their dad and you say to yourself like man, there's so much money in the sales thing. That's that's the exact reason why we don't want to allow sales people to just wing it.

Yeah, because you can see that the process works. You got somebody an app came in you got on the phone, you know, the person was was ready to do something, right? Um, and so that's an indication that done correctly right done correctly that there's just a lot of money to be made with sales. You just can't leave it to these sales people to Um to wing it, you know James like right. I'm not saying anything that you're that you really haven't said to me into the rest of top one.

Right? Like you don't want people driven business. You want a systems driven business right in every time I leave it to this person's an All-Star. They're gonna rise they never do it's just they never do so, it's like the big it's the it's the big business mystery right like this person. Right?

Like it really like sometimes I'm baffled. I'm like this person's of like a player like this person's an all star. This person is is like a beast and then like like they'll like, yeah, let's let them and they never they never do they never do I don't get it, but they never do and so that's the nature that he's yeah. But so what else is going on what else besides this campaign big picture stuff? Well big picture stuff.

I'm you know, looking at a couple different partnership opportunities businesses at we want to get involved in we're working with these guys that have a private Equity Fund and working on one of their portfolio companies right now and there's like some really interesting stuff developing there. You know, I think big picture like the intention is campaign is just to bring us like two of these deals a month, right, you know swimming like, you know about 100K or whatever from that and and then the rest of it is like really all I want to be doing is putting putting great business deals together, so that's kind of what kind of what I'm gonna and what are so that I can keep my eye out for you because you know, we get presented with these you know these Whatever you want to call it deals or the potential for deals. It seems like now on a regular basis and and honestly, you know half of the deals I can't make heads or tails, you know heads or tail. Like I can't I don't even have the Mind space to go through. What are you looking for?

So I'm looking for Businesses that have either a decent front end but they don't really have a back end yet that we could develop out whether that's in the you know info products space or SAS, you know, they they're brain and people but they're they're losing them on the back end. Like I feel like we can we can be really effective with I think a quick win is these guys are getting people in their front but they are not profitable because they don't have back right? Like I think that we could just Slay that and then there's also like people who have a great backend, but they haven't figured out the front and like we can work on that too. For sure. I think those are those are two sort of like buckets that I see people but either you got to have a front or you got to have a back.

I'm not getting into anything where you don't have either one of those right? Yeah. Um, so I want to throw I'm gonna throw out something just ponder it. I have no idea if this is like, this is a conversation for you to to have if you're if you're interested, but so there is a new new top one member. Um, Kennedy rock.

Robin Kennedy. Yeah. Yeah, right and so they have an app the app ironically the app that you use that you're not right like and like and and so and their their not really they don't have the Mind space to really grow the app. Like it's not like a it's not like a money maker for them even though like and I'm not sharing anything that you know that I don't believe I believe that they would share this with you. And so I'm not sharing anything that I shouldn't be but I don't it's not really a huge Money Maker for them because they don't have the really the Mind space to grow it.

But ultimately they're you know, I've talked to them about like How that could be a great there could be a great exit with that like and they're excited by that but they definitely need some help on the marketing side. And so I just don't like have the the Mind space for that. But I think that that there could be something there. It's not a it's a it's a cool app. It's I don't know how it compares to others in the same category, but I know that they've got people that are coming in.

They've got a great platform. Um, they're just not growing it because they don't have the Mind space to grow it. And so they really do need and could benefit from a partner. What is the app? It's the response Suite?

Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's it's interesting. I had I had those guys on my podcast a long time ago. So we actually knew each other and I think I was on theirs as well years ago and then I saw them surface in top one and that was part of the reason I was like, well, we'll just use their tool for our thing. Yeah, there's I mean so Kennedy is the I haven't met Rob yet.

I mean I was on their podcast both very, you know, charismatic dude like stage performers, right? Like, you know, these crazy like hypnotists something crazy. Oh, but you know Kennedy was just such a sweet like humble sweet like giving generous. Um, dude, really really like him and I they need some help like they need help in that Arena and I just think I think you guys would really would would mesh well and so, you know ponder it because I'd be more than happy to just make Connection for you guys like, you know kind of the connection in that I had the conversation with them about the app and hey, I think that this could be a good discussion for everybody to have. Yeah look at it.

Think about it again. It's not a it's not a money maker for them. So it's not like the thing is bringing in, you know buckets of money. They definitely want to do something with it. I don't know if it is on the immediate Horizon for them to do that because again a bandwidth and so could be worth a conversation for you to have.

Okay. That's cool. I think one of the things you know and looking at this campaign even and like what James has shared it's like we're not looking to scale that business like it's not really business we want to do to a month maybe if we get crazy three like we did to this month and I think we're like right because it never just that day. It's like and and like this broke that broke. It's not working what happened, right?

So, um, you know and thinking about that we're like, we're we're so well positioned in the quick funnels Community. Um, I think amazing Community as well. And so when Russell asked us he's like, hey, will you come facility in her Circle? We were like, well, it would be dumb for us not to do that. You know, we're in a room of our ideal clients.

And so I was like, well, that's that's a offline funnel that we're you know nurturing and you know, and I was like how many other Mastermind owners or like facilitators in this space? Could we just align ourselves with where it's like people are coming to use saying will you build my funnel and it's like well, maybe you don't have the bandwidth or the team or the desire or the interest in doing it and we don't have the interest in helping them like optimize it long term, right, but if we're like, hey, we built the thing you can actually go to Todd and show him a car right and then tweak it where you get it running and you know the way that you actually want it to do it. That's kind of where my head is at and I'm like we can just like have an awesome funnel. But if it's not working the way we wanted to for two deals a month like we don't really have to run traffic for that. Yeah.

No, I mean look you guys are playing your you're playing a different game. Right? Like this is a feed like James you had said to me really from day one right that this is really a feeder for the right deals. You're playing a different game which you know excites me so much, um for you guys and so I I get it and that's why I want to make sure for us when when we talk that we don't always get caught in the minutiae. Oh and see like because we lose the you know, like I want to make sure that you guys are moving in the direction that um that that you really want to be moving it which reminds me you reminded me of something yada another person that you should That you should speak to I don't know again how I don't know how fruitful the conversation would be.

But so Chef friend so rich chefren is wants to Wants to start a mastermind and I really and and he he was about to partner with somebody. This person I didn't recognize the name it fell through but the dude was going to do the marketing side of things for him. Like right Rich was ultimately gonna like show up and do his work his magic. And and it fell through and so I think just if there's an opportunity there to partner potentially right and I'll mention it to Rich tomorrow. I'm gonna see him tomorrow for something.

Um, like it could be it could be an interesting conversation with you guys because I think that his Mastermind is going to be wildly different than everything else that I've seen in that it's just gonna be focused on like what's working right now, like every three months or four months. It's like just a tactic dump right from his steal our winners, um thing, but there's this potential for somebody to come in that can handle the marketing side for him and and then his team will run the Mastermind like the and And he was willing to give a chunk. Like I'll leave it at that. So he was willing to give like a nice chunk like not a you know, he was willing. He's looking for a partner like a legit partner.

I feel like you like a really cool misky offer with Rich because he's got so much stuff and like the cloud from like, you know, oh he be like he could be someone's Dan Kennedy. He's I mean it'll and it'll be ridiculous like that that like and that's why for like like if it you know, and I'll make sure that you know, will you know, let's connect you guys and just have a conversation for nothing, you know other reason you guys actually should be in his thing and steal our Winners thing. You really should. But like, you know, he's gonna have he already has like two or three players that are gonna be in the room. Like he's like seeding The Mastermind already that have agreed so it'll be a fairly easy job certainly to get it off the ground from a marketing perspective, but he just really wants somebody to handle all of that side of things and let him just do his do his magic.

So I'll make sure that I'll connect you guys well be awesome and I think I think the other thing, you know, we we had, you know, we had done like the musical or thing, but I think truthfully That wasn't like nobody was nobody said hey, let's look at 25 or 30 different opportunities and we're going to pick this one to work on together. It was sort of like you guys had already done it. We're like, hey, let's maybe we'll work on it together, but I think I think that idea for me of If we looked at, you know, 20 30 40 deals and we're like this is the one that we want to work on together. Like I would still like to do something like that together. Oh sure.

I don't like music color was I mean, like I said to you guys that's I don't even I haven't even thought about that. And so yeah. No, I'm No, I don't have like any like feelings towards it. I'm just saying that was sort of. Well, this is it was yeah wasn't strategic.

It was very opportunistic very much. We said all right, we want to do something strategic like we could just say all right, you know, there's top one and then there's a partner program and like all structure the deals like will bring our resources to the table and we'll like freaking cherry pick them and develop a portfolio of awesome projects. Even if we only did one Amazing Project like that a year. Yeah five years, we could have five companies each doing 10 million dollars or more. Right and we have 50% of that company shared amongst like, you know, however, we we've done it before or more like we could oh you you're preaching to the choir man like so you don't have to there's no you don't need to sell me.

Like I'm I I dig it. I think that what we what we need to do, um is really kind of start to And maybe we'll have a maybe we'll meet in in a couple weeks me you yada Damian all four of us and really just come up with a game plan for you know, maybe we'll just start to you know, we'll we got to figure out how we get all these deals that that somehow come our way in front of you and we'll start to and because James you're gonna have honestly you're gonna have a better eye than with with many of the like, you know, like with with a lot of these deals like sometimes I don't even know what I'm looking at. So I'm immediately just like I'm not interested and you know and But there are some really really interesting deals like really really interesting deals. And so so yeah, so we'll like I'll I'll message Damian will get something on the schedule in a couple weeks little hectic for me right now, but a couple weeks we'll get something on the schedule and we'll just start to figure out like, all right, how do you want to how do you want to handle like these, you know bringing the the, you know, these deals together and start looking at them and not you know, not jump it at anything. Let's pick.

Yeah, let's start with one. That's just we we all we all love and go from there. And so I'm totally down for that. Um in the in the meantime, I'll definitely I'll connect you with Rich if for no other reason than the steal our Winners thing, but also, um, I'll chat with them about you know, you guys and The Mastermind and at least having a discussion about that and then you guys, you know, think about the Kennedy thing. If you want like a formal kind of, you know, bringing you together happy to do that and will continue to to I'll think about as we as we get ready for this meeting in a couple weeks how we bring these deals together for us to look at awesome.

Well, I got like I've been working on filters and criteria and all this stuff that I think will help us sift through a lot of things quickly so we can be like, these are the types of deals that we say yes to everything else we pass on so I'll I'll get that to a point where we can like look at that together. Okay all and we're also by the way, we're also down I'm totally down to um, I'm totally down. I've always wanted to buy a business just for no other reason than for the experience and so like because I've never bought I've sold one, but I've never bought one and so You know, like I'm totally down to you know, like to do something, you know for no other reason then I just want to do it learn from it and learn from you as you look at everything and assess these things man. Awesome. Yeah, and so by the way, I was in I wasn't sure if I was gonna see I was in Boise, which was my first like my first trip to Boise, which was cool.

Um, we heard you couldn't find the door to click funnels. I I couldn't find that I was like, where do I go in man? Well, there was like a there was like a, you know, a food truck outside. Like I'm like my place is this like a carnival or is this where am I like they're a funnel cakes walk around here one in the city. It is and a carnival.

Yes. I'm like my gosh. I just love where do I submit my resume at this point the team his team was I only got to spend a little I was all I was in and out because I had to go to visit my daughter in Tampa. So I literally was there and then like the next day I was out. But um, the team was obviously so gracious so sweet.

Um, they sent me home with a gift basket that was like so unnecessary like so ridiculous, you know, and you every funnels wardrobe I don't but um, which I was actually I left with like these crazy. Like these airpod max headphones, which of course I was listening to on the plane ride home. Like I'm like, this is crazy man. Oh, I got this gigantic like if the all ridiculous stuff and I was annoyed that I like I was disappointed that I didn't have any click funnels gear to where but the whole team was so so sweet so gracious. Um, yeah just such a sweet, you know, such a sweet crew.

They gave me the official tours everywhere all the awards everywhere and then it was the strangest experience obviously for me being on that stage like, you know looking out at You know, whatever 18 people or whatever it was there, but knowing that like it was but it was fun. It was a lot of fun. It was very cool. I I so like the I I Adore those guys. I really do.

I adore those guys our friend our friend Stacy Martino. She was there and she's like yeah showed up and she's like and it's the weirdest thing. It was like all the influencers got shook up and like dropped in the parking lot it fun. But quick funnel. She's like there's like Todd Brown looking for the door and then like Brendan Bouchard walks in and Grant cardones on stage and she's like, she's like, I didn't know it was gonna be that cool.

It's like but I was in the room surrounded by these Ledges and I was like, that's amazing. Yeah, it was so funny because I like look over and I'm like man that dude that dude eating a waffle looks like Perry Belcher. I'm like that is Perry Belcher like yeah, like I'm like, that is Brad and then like I bump into Jeff Walker and like a son and it was it was a lot of fun. It was really nice. It was really cool and most like the thing that really impacted me the most was just how gracious the team was like so sweet like it was you know, like when I had asked like Hey, where's the you know, can I use the restroom real quick?

They were like walking me over to the restroom like so like so cool. And so, um, Yeah, just really really nice. Yeah, but Boise definitely clicks The Truman Show Box. It's every just like they're just I can see that I I can see that it was I wish I had the chance to I'll go back at some point. I wish I had, you know more of an opportunity to kind of do my thing and Boise it was really nice.

The weather was great. The whole trip was even though it was a crazy, you know from one one corner here. It was really really nice and I I can see those guys really truly legit at least to me appear they legit care. Yeah, you like that that whole group Feels like extended family for us. I could see why like really hard.

It's really hard to say no to them. I can totally see why what they were like, you know, like I was disagreeing to anything like that's literally I was literally like whatever, you know what I mean? They're like, you know, hey, could you send an email like I'll send whatever you want. Yeah. Like I just I want to hug you guys that's I just want to hug you all.

Yeah. So yeah, it was really really nice. Couldn't you know, you guys like what a great what a great group for you guys to have as a as a second family like such. It was really nice. Really really nice.

That's awesome. All right, man. Get out of here. Well, I'm gonna do calls and we'll report on how that's going. Okay for some some messages from okay.

Thanks guys. Bye.
