---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-07-12 14:12:24"
date: 2024-07-12
duration: 42m
duration_seconds: 2569
vimeo_id: 983182156
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-07-12 14:12:24

**Date:** 2024-07-12 | **Duration:** 42m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, buddy. Sorry about that. All good, man. I was, I was worried. I thought maybe you were like on a preacher curl machine somewhere.

No, no, not at all, man. I, I had to jump in and do, uh, like a 24 hour sales letter for wealth with God. And so, holy smokes, not sure if I've ever done a, uh, sales letter from copy to page layout in, uh, in 24 hours, man. And so, who knows. Wow.

Hopefully, uh, hopefully it'll produce. And so They got you working, huh? Those guys got you working? Well, typically, no. So up to this point, I haven't done much, uh, if anything for them other than kind of more, you know, a little bit of consulting.

But, uh, they ended up getting a sales letter back for something that they were ready to roll out a particular offer, and it was just completely off the mark. They were, you know, they were like, we can't even send this out. Uh, and so I was like, all right, let me, you know, let me step in to not derail this whole timeline that they have for a big promotion. So, there you go, man. So cool.

We'll see. Hopefully I can contribute. Yeah. S so I really wanted to, um, first of all, I wanna, I wanna see if we could keep this kind of, you know, brief half hour tops, just 'cause I wanna respect your time. Uh, and I wanna pick up where we left off last week.

I posed a question to you last week to kind of give you some, you know, something to think about, which was, right, if we had no constraints and there was no kind of preconceived, you know, pricing or issues with stuff we've done in the past, or just you had an, you had, you had the opportunity to put together the most attractive solution for the marketplace, what would that look like? And I just wanna preface this by saying, and I, 'cause I want, I really wanna hear from you, uh, um, that I really ultimately, the, the kind of, the balance is in, in, in brainstorming, this is what is the most attractive to the marketplace, right? What would they really respond to? What would stand out as, as different as, as, as new? What would fill gaps that are, that are there?

Like, what would they find that is extremely kind of compelling? And at the same time, I want to make sure that we deliver the goods, like right, ultimately, you know, man, I, I really, what charges me up about what it is that we do is really impacting people, is really changing lives. It's not just providing information and rah rah, and then nobody changes and nobody does anything or experiences any benefits. So it's kind of that dual dynamic. And so with that as a backdrop, let's just, let's chat, man.

Yeah. So I, I've been thinking about this and like, so let me just take one step back real quick. So like, what I've been, what I've been trying to narrow this down to are like the big questions that we want to answer. And the way I see it now, there are, there are three big questions. Number one is the question that you posed in an ideal world, what, what would this, what would we offer?

And then there are kind of like two, two maybe questions that are like a subset of that, which are what makes it different and what makes it sticky. And are those two questions completely different questions, or is part of what makes it different? What makes it sticky? Because I think like, if, if we had more clarity on the answers to those questions, I think I think we, I think we would be able to move forward a lot better because I'm, I, I keep getting caught up in the, in the answer of, to the question of what makes it different, right? Um, but then I'm circling back to what makes it sticky, like what it, what it, what do, because I think, I honestly think those might be two different things.

Yeah. I think part of, yeah, I think part of what makes it sticky are those ancillary things that, you know, that I, that I originally mentioned. Um, and that I know it's important to you as it should be for it, for it to be different, not just, you know. Um, so I guess where I'm, where I get a little tripped up, Todd, is when, is, when you ask me to think about how to, I'm trying to, I was trying to figure out how do I make it sticky without offering the same stuff that everybody else offers. But I do think that that is part of what makes it sticky.

Once that question is answered, then I think we could get clearer on, okay, we know that, we know that these are gonna be the staples that are gonna be part of the offer that are a standard kind of moving forward. Like most people are gonna expect them, at least I think so. And now from there, how do we actually make it different? And so, um, I think then with that question, once that question is answered, then okay, then what, you know, what makes up the ideal offer? Because like in one side of my brain is like, well, like kind of what you mentioned last week, like, what if we offered everything, but we had it in tears and everything was very structured.

Okay, but what does that, is that a, what does that look like? Is that a journey that we're then taking somebody on from maybe a, a complete newbie to a master marketer? Is that what they want? Do they want to become master marketers? Like, you know, I think we, we kind of have to get like clarity on that, because I did like that idea, right?

And part of the stickiness would come from that, right? Like, as long as they remain a member, they would get access to X amount of courses or whatever it might be. As long as that stuff is kind of structured. But what I do think is important is, did you watch that video from Dan Kennedy and Russell? Yeah, I, yep.

I watched the whole video with Dan and Stu and whatnot, and I've heard Dan talk about that topic and share those things multiple times through a variety of different, of different trainings. And so it was a great reminder for me of, of, of, you know, of showing up, of showing up often of entertainment and information, um, you know, all of those things. So let me, let me say this, right? And I, I, I think just with the question that you posed, um, so I really think that, I think that what makes the program sticky and what will, what makes the program different are likely going to be different, different meaning, what I mean by that is that I think there are gonna be elements that make it sticky that are common among other programs. But I think that there, that doesn't exclude the opportunity for us to have something different as the foundation of the program or an aspect of the program.

So in other words, like, look, hypothetically, dude, if, you know, let's say, let's just keep it real simple for one second. And just, just for brainstorming purposes, let's say that what made it sticky was number one, um, pain of disconnect with software. So, right? Like, that was, that's one of the things that Dan has talked about for years. This idea of, you know, the pain of disconnect, like me disconnecting from Infusionsoft used to be extremely difficult.

It wasn't as simple as just tr you know, moving everything over to go high level. And so the pain of disconnecting from that was too great to actually disconnect. So let's say you've got this pain of disconnect, let's say that you've got this, um, you've got community, uh, community aspect that's managed by somebody. Let's say that you've, um, you, let's say hypothetically we gamified it so that they were always one step away from earning a badge, a reward, uh, you know, unlocking something. And let's say that we were showing up frequently in some way, shape, or form Mm-Hmm.

I don't know what that means exactly, but we, you know, there was a personal video every week or something like that from me, whatever. And we had tho those things, right? And those things were the tactical ways that we were going to make the program sticky. I don't think that that again, excludes how do we make the core of the program different? Mm-Hmm.

And so I think that making, I I almost think that the, the approach should be more of, okay, what do we believe the core of the program needs to be to make it extremely compelling, uh, and to, uh, to make it wildly valuable. And then what are the pieces that we can layer on top of that to make it extremely sticky? Okay. So my initial thought is that kind of what I mentioned is that I think differentiation in and of itself is so crazy that we're kind of like, we're figuring out how to differentiate by using differentiation. But I think that differentiation in and of itself could be a very, um, attractive and beneficial way to position, um, to position whatever we're gonna offer.

And so then my question becomes, are we, are we using differentiation as an entry point, almost like, as an angle to something bigger? Or are we going deeper on differentiation where maybe it's not just the unique mechanism, the unique mechanism's, absolutely, positively part of that, but maybe there's positioning, maybe there's framing, maybe there's training on the way you deliver your courses or your trainings or whatever it be, maybe that make you different. Like maybe there's other aspects of differentiation that very few people are actually talking about, or going really deep on that level. The question is, do people want that? And do they understand the value of that at this point?

So I guess, you know, in some ways, Todd, it's like, I try to answer, I try to answer questions with no boundaries, but then the strategic part of my brain goes to, well, in order to answer that question, I have to put it in some sort of a box of, well, what are we, what are we offering, right? What are, what is the promise that, what are they actually getting? Like, what are, what are we promising them? Then I can kind of like, take the, you know, the, you know, take the blinders off and go, okay, this is what I would, this is everything I, you know, this is what I would make part of that offer. Um, Well, so let me jump in there.

'cause that, that's, uh, that's an interesting, you know, it's an interesting point. So where I would say you ultimately wanna apply that kind of blue sky thinking, the thinking without constraints is really on the promise side. Is, is really like with, like, in my mind, it is like, like, look, let me let kind of go back for one second. So when I think about it, when I say to you like, you know, look, I want different, and this might be worth a little discussion, you know, I want, I want something that's different. I don't want something that's different just to satisfy my personal desire for difference.

I aim for different, because I believe that it plays the major role in answering the question why this instead of that, right? Like, in other words, right? Why this program instead of any of those other programs being offered. And so for me, that always comes back to different, not just better, right? Like, proving better is, you know, is nearly impossible in this, in this space.

Um, and so, right, different beats better. And so, right. I always think about that question of, right, what could we offer that would make people say, yeah, this rather than that because X, Y, Z, right? I'm gonna choose this over that because blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I really do feel like in the long run, that has to go beyond just the offer.

And so what I mean is that, right? Some people might say, right, if, if there are five email courses being offered, right? And somebody might choose the one that is, you know, pay nothing today implemented you, you make at least 5,000 bucks over the next 30 days, or you pay nothing and I send you a check for a thousand bucks, that's a great way to get the initial sale. But for me, in terms of long-term, kind of long-term continuity, I do really feel like what has to answer that question of why this over all of those needs to be that there's, there's something different and that something different has to deliver greater value, like greater impact, greater ease, more consistent results, okay? Safer.

And so all of that now, now take all of that and eliminate take out of your mind, um, take out of your mind differentiation, take out of your mind, and just think of the marketplace. Don't start with what it is that we've taught in the past. Start with the market. Start with what it is that you feel the market needs, the market wants, and put that within the context of what is being offered now. And what do I think would be the perfect offering for the, what is the perfect promise?

What are the perfect deliverables? What are the, what, what is the, the, the perfect training based on what it is that the market wants today, and based on what it is that is available to them already? Okay, that's really blue sky thinking. Yeah. Okay.

So th this is my perspective, right? And I, it could be completely biased, but this is my, my perspective. At the end of the day, the people that we're speaking to, they ultimately want to be able to build out acquisition campaigns, right? Like, that's what they want. They want campaigns that acquire them.

Customers either at break, even some of them, they want to be able to make some money, whatever, but they want be able to put something out there that actually acquires them customers at break even or better, right? Yeah. Now there's lots, there's lots of different places they can go to do that, right? They can go learn that from Kern, they could go learn it from Aaron Fletcher. They could go learn it from this one, that one they could learn it from s with this whole thing that he's doing.

What I feel where we are different and, and truly superior is in the things that we actually do, um, to help people be different. Namely engineering big ideas. 'cause I, I think that, uh, outside of like Agora, I don't think half these people don't even know what a big idea is. Like they talk about it, but they don't really even know what it is, right? And the unique mechanism, I think those are the two things that we can really, that we do better than anybody.

That we can add the most value. And coincidentally, I believe that the trend moving forward in the marketplace, I think the next progression of that is going to be differentiation. Because as everybody's coming out with more offers, as everyone's using AI to now become a product creator or an expert, the next level of the next level of evolution, I believe is people are gonna be like, well, how, how do I, how am I, how do I, how do I separate myself now from everyone else? And so I believe that the, the, the trend is moving that way anyway. At least I believe so, right?

So now the question becomes how do we position that? Because I'm not sure if people understand really the value of differentiation at this point. Maybe some do, maybe some don't. They understand the value of, um, maybe, you know, like we know what they want, right? They want, they wanna be able to acquire customers that break even or better.

I'm not sure if they understand yet or if they want yet the differentiation. But to answer your question, that's where I feel we add the most value. That's what makes us better, and that is what makes us different. So that's what I would triple down on and build out from there. Okay.

So that is really helpful. That's, that's really helpful because, so to, for our purposes for this discussion, it is almost, it's, it is customer acquisition. Um, call it, it's, it's customer acquisition at scale, whatever, through differentiation, in other words, right? It's customer acquisition through differentiation is how we would, we would talk about it. So we're not merely just talking about teaching differentiation.

We're teaching them how to acquire customers with campaigns and messages that effectively differentiate their solution from all the others. So we're still ultimately talking about customer acquisition, but really, again, for our discussion, the mechanism behind our approach to customer acquisition is effective differentiation. Yes. Yep. Okay.

So here is the question. This is, and this is kind of a little bit of a, um, kind of a cool maybe teaching moment or lesson, um, for you in how to really think about the market. So you said that you're not sure if the market values understands or values the idea of differentiation right now. And I think I would agree with you, uh, on that. I, I, I, the key really is Paul, is to, so lemme see how I can phrase this.

So we know that a lack of differentiation is the root cause of why a lot of people struggle with their customer acquisition. We know that the, the root cause is that they're not effectively demonstrating what makes their solution different and superior to all of the others. But what is the symptom of that, that they are aware of? Meaning like, they don't have to necessarily value differentiation and understand the necessity of differentiation. But do you feel that the marketplace is aware that, for lack of a better way to describe it, they're aware that, um, that I am now just one of so many options and I don't know what to do to get people to see, you know, and engage with my option?

Okay. Yes. So that's right. So ultimately, that's the problem that they're having. They're aware of that problem, right?

They're consciously aware of that problem, uh, in most markets. And so we have the answer. They don't have to value the solution. What they value is solving that problem. Yeah.

Right? And that's what they're struggling with. The pain point for them is not this lack of differentiation. That's the root cause. The pain point for them is that I'm being lost in a sea of other op, there's so many advertisers, there's so many campaigns, there's so many offers and, right.

And so mine is just getting lost. It's just one of many, right? It's one of many. And so they may be thinking that the answer is better creative in their, in their ads. They might think they're, the answer is a better headline.

They don't understand that the answer is effective. Yeah. Uh, effective differentiation through a unique mechanism. Okay? And so, And I, and I do think real quick, I do think that, I think what, what I see happening is because people are starting to understand how important the offer is, everyone's talking about the offer offer this, all right?

Like you said it yourself in the document, the offer has been done out the wazoo. Well, what happens when everybody figures out that the offer is, is the thing, well, so then what? Like, do I offer 5,000 coaching hours? Like what? Like, where does that end?

Right? So that's, I feel like, you know, again, like if, if everyone's making better offers, like where does that end? There has to be a point where you break off from that and shift into something different being how, how do you stand out? Okay. I, I, I kind of dig that.

I like that. It's where my head has really always been. I really, I feel right, the acquisition is the main problem that people have. I do agree with you that I think it's more critical than ever that you effectively differentiate. I think the unique mechanism is the most effective way to do that.

Um, I don't think that, uh, I think while a lot of people talk about unique mechanism, not many truly understand what a unique mechanism is and how it's properly done with our, you know, education based approach. Um, and so, okay, so let's just continue. This has been extremely helpful for, for me, and I think we've narrowed it down a little bit. So, so let, lemme just ask one, one more question, and then you've given me a lot to think about. So I, so, well, I've got two, two more questions.

So one is generally, let's say that that's the topic and right, and, and likely after this call, now you have some kind of foundation to really think about, like, okay, we ultimately wanna help people with front end customer acquisition. We're gonna do it through ultimately effective differentiation. That's gonna kind of be the focus. We already, everything that we do is already really designed to do that, right? Like, and so, um, so we've got that.

Do you see, as of now, I wanna go back to the go high level thing. I know that you felt strongly that there, there's value in, in offering that a, a, a, you know, let's call, let's just start very simply with providing the, you know, uh, I don't even know what the word is in go high, like the campaigns inside of go high level. Um, and as we teach new campaigns, rolling those out in go high level for people, do you still feel with what it is that we just narrowed it down to that that would be essential, that we would have, let's say a go high level component that people, uh, you know, that is focused around front end, you know, acquisition Essential. I don't know if it would be essential, beneficial. Absolutely.

Especially I think, Todd, again, I think what people are moving towards more too as well is this idea of condensing things and keeping everything in one place. Like even in some of these communities I follow, it's like, you know, like a big thing now is, uh, like, should I use high levels built in community? 'cause they have a community feature, or should I use school? And there's like this thing like where people are, people are really growing, dissatisfied with the idea of having their business in all different pockets. And this idea of streamlining everything in one place and making it, and sort of simplifying it, not only does it make it easier for them, but it also, like, I believe it strengthens your brand because you, you, you, you're stopping people from going and solving those problems in other places that they could possibly be lured into, kind of like these other things.

You know, it keeps you at the top of mind of everything, right? Um, and so to answer your question, I, I don't know if it would be, if, if, if the positioning on differentiation was strong enough. Well, remember, so hang on one second. So I just wanna be clear on this. So the, the, the positioning would be customer acquisition.

Yep. Right? And our mechanism for doing that is focused on differentiation. Yeah. So it's not right, it's, it's customer acquisition still, but it is, right.

The focus, what separates us is that we've got a process and a framework that most effectively differentiates you from everybody else. Okay. That's the way we we're, we're saying it. Yeah. Okay.

So, um, yeah, I, I do think it would be super beneficial for people to have that stuff because once they understand differentiation and mechanism and Right, and a different idea, whatever it might be, now it's like, okay, where do I go from here? I still gotta build out pages. I still have to be able to process orders. And like, my concern is that if we don't have that, they could go to somebody like Onic that does have it, or they could go to somebody like Frank Kern that does have it, and now they're being, they're, they're being educated on their approach to doing things as opposed to us keeping everything in-house. Okay.

Got it. So, okay. So that answers the question. And I think, so, you know, and I don't wanna get caught up in the semantics of, you know, necessary and beneficial. Like there, there's value in, in having that, you know, there are certainly some decisions, like, so I've been chatting with Teddy about go high level a little bit, you know, just kind of floating this out there.

You know, what Teddy did say was, 'cause he's a huge advocate of go high level for whatever crazy reason he wants us to move all of our infusion stuff over to go high level, and we probably will at some point. But he said that when you have the, the agency thing where you have, you know, you have, uh, folks using go high level underneath, he said, you are responsible for tech support. And so that's just something kind of file that away in the back of, you know, in the back of your mind, what we would likely do is we would likely outsource that to one of these go high level tech, you know, um, people. Um, but what I would really like you to now think about, 'cause this is you, your, your thinking has been extremely helpful for me. I think that we've narrowed it down.

I think that we're on the same page here in terms of customer acquisition through differentiation. We both agree customer acquisition is still the biggest struggle. One of the, the most important things now as more and more marketing campaigns are being published is differentiation. We know that people in the marketplace are aware, both beginners, they see how many people are out there, and they're wondering, how the heck am I gonna get attention from my thing? And people that are, have been operating in spaces are aware that they're being lost in all the noise of competitors.

And so I, I agree with that completely. Now, my next question that I want you to ponder is okay with that as the backdrop with that, as the thing that we're ultimately going to teach and equip them with, what do you feel is the most valuable, compelling, and effective way to fulfill on that? And so what I mean by that is, so we have a bunch of trainings. We could repurpose those through, you know, we could organize it like, you know, pulling stuff from, you know, like, dude, I have from when we used to run, acquire, and monetize, I have like 60 modules that go from the ultimate basics of what is direct response, how does it compare to brand institutional advertising, you know, psychology, communication, arithmetic from the, the very beginning all the way through to the most advanced stuff that, that, that we've taught. Like 60 some odd individual videos there.

We've got the acquisition accelerator course for, for E five, we've got the original masterclass for E five. And then we've got all these other trainings that, uh, programs that we've done dedicated to just the syn offer. Just the unique mechanism, just the big idea. Um, as well as all the ancillary trainings that we've done through, you know, top one on, you know, analytics and data. Like, so we've got everything.

Doesn't mean that, right? Anything and everything can be redone if we wanted to. Um, but my question really is now, and this is for you to kind of think about, okay, so that's what we wanna equip people with customer acquisition through effective differentiation. What is now the most compelling, most effective, most valuable way to fulfill on that? Is it a combination of training and coaching?

Is it, you know, when we talk about, you know, know, is it, when we talk about coaching, is coaching more, is it more education based? Is it more kind of, um, you know, brainstorming sessions where we run multiple, you know, we run different sessions, group sessions for, you know, big idea offer, unique mechanism. Is it only the unique mechanism that we do in, in that? Is it, you know, do we focus more on implementation guides? Do we build in ai?

Now the question becomes, okay, in designing a program to fulfill on that with the ultimate outcome being we are, we're gonna, we're gonna teach people, equip people, help people what, however you wanna describe it, to effectively acquire customers by effectively differentiating, standing out in the marketplace. How do we now fulfill on that? And what does that look like? Okay. So yeah, I'd have to really think that through.

And, uh, and I put it through, I, I would add it to this document and build on it. 'cause I'd have to really, I'd have to take some time to really process that. That's what, through what that would look like, what, that's what I ask, Ask you This. And I would say one, one additional point with that, Paul, and then fire away and then we'll wrap, um, is it's, it, it's somewhat, somewhat sucks, excuse me, to, to, to consider this. But we really do also have to consider our strength.

And what I mean by that is, right, where, where do we shine best? Right? Because, you know, like that is something to consider when you're thinking about the deliverables, right? Like, considering what are our strengths. So like hypothetically, if you, you know, the best way to do it is a community where we're running contests every day and we're running these internal challenges with people, and we're giving, like, if that's not really where we shine best, then we, we need to really give a hard look at that because we're setting ourselves up to not play to our strengths.

Yeah. Yeah. So go ahead. I get it. Um, so my question is, are there, so in, in helping them acquire more customers through, uh, uh, consistently and predictably by differentiating, right?

Would you say, and I don't know if you know the answer to this off the top of your head, but obviously like the two devices that we would focus on heavily are the, the unique mechanism and the idea, right? Um, are there other aspects that you either have taught that you think, um, or if you haven't taught them that you are aware of that maybe you just haven't ever taught before? Like I said, like maybe positioning and framing and other things that maybe help them differentiate besides just the unique mechanism and an idea, and, um, or is your line of thinking on that, that if you haven't done that before, you don't wanna start experimenting with other things that you haven't, that you don't have, you know, a wide array of experience in? So let me answer the second part of the question first. So I'm completely open to teaching anything that, um, that I believe in that is effective and that I feel I can adequately or we together can adequately teach.

Because no doubt there are things that you understand about language and communication and framing and positioning, um, that I likely don't. And so I'm certainly willing to bring in, you know, to to, to, to, to do those things as long as, again, I believe in it, it's effective, um, and it's, and it's valuable. Okay. To go back to, to go back to the first part of the question, what I would say is, I, I think in, in just answering this, so number one, I, I really believe Paul, that the, I believe that it is, it's not, it, it's not just the unique mechanism, it's the type of message that people put out. That meaning it is the, the, the argument for the unique mechanism that proves why it is superior is really where the magic happens.

So you see a lot of people that use a unique mechanism. They either sometimes use a foe mechanism where it's just a fancy name slapped on a thing, or, you know, sometimes they kind of go the distance with the name, but it's the lack of the message that really does an effective job of contrasting that mechanism versus all the other options. And so really you have to start with a unique mechanism, but then the magic is really in the messaging. And what I would say is that part of that effective messaging to properly position the unique mechanism is framing and positioning. So I, while I don't think that framing and positioning, I, and I'm not, I haven't really thought this through, but I don't, I think that framing and positioning come underneath the unique mechanism.

Uh, um, in terms of the messaging. The only other thing that I would say that I'm fully aware of that I was actually ready to do a bootcamp on, uh, is the, and this is interesting, I'll just plant this seed, uh, and, and, and you can kind of just think about this, but is, you know, ever since the copy legends lockin, one of the things that I've been really kind of studying and paying close attention to is the, um, is as, uh, Donnie French, uh, and Tony Flores talked about is diagnostic copy. And here's something that you might find really interesting that, so I really believe if you look at the promise exposure spectrum, if you look at really even what Gene Schwartz talked about, the, the sophistication of the marketplace, I really believe that what we are seeing now is somewhat of a necessity to go to level five. Because in most competitive markets, we've seen the promise, we've seen the promise expanded, we've seen the unique mechanism introduced, or a mechanism introduced. We've seen the mechanisms expanded.

And now what we're seeing is this, we're seeing that it's becoming saturated even at that level of mechanisms and mechanisms that are, that have been expanded. And this is where you go to level five, which is really about the prospect. But here is where I've had a shift in my thinking that originally my, my thought, my understanding, and I believe this is the way that Gene Schwartz presented it, my understanding of level five was that you shift away from the mechanism and it becomes about the prospect and their feeling. But what diagnostic copy does is, I believe diagnostic copy is an effective way to tap into level five, because it is about the prospect, but it's about the prospect addressing what is not really the root cause of their issue. In other words.

So diagnostic copy is about reframing what the prospect understands to be the real core of their problem, and showing them what the real root cause of their problem is, and then offering a unique mechanism that is the only solution to that root cause. So now what we're ultimately doing is just going from like everybody was addressing the same kind of problem, right? Promising, expanding the promise, introducing a mechanism, expanding the mechanism. Now, I see, because this is saturated in many markets, the opportunity to go to level five, where now we're shifting the prospect's perspective about the root cause of their problem, and we're showing them that they really, what they thought was the problem is not the problem. It's really a symptom of an under, of a deeper underlying problem.

And that's where the unique mechanism comes into play. And that's why I feel like, because I've thought about this, that's why I feel like diagnostic copy is working so well in such sophisticated markets. Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. It makes sense.

It's one, so remember, I, I don't know if you remember this and I'll, I'll let you jump 'cause, um, but a few weeks ago I talked about how, like, my interpretation of the big idea is that it's a way to reframe the way they think about the problem and the way they think about the solution as a result of rethinking the way that they think about the problem. And so I've come up with like 10 different, not that I've come up with, but I've kind of boxed these 10 different frameworks that I, that I've used to kind of use as launchpads to come up with ideas. And one of them is that it's, uh, the, the real root cause of the problem, a new seemingly unrelated cause to an old problem, old way versus new way. Um, I, I could share them with you, but, but I totally get it. Like, I, I totally get what you're saying.

But, but yes, I'm, I'm, I'm totally on board with that, and it makes sense to me, and it's something that I've actually, I've documented myself and I've been using myself. Yeah. Okay. And so, right, and that it, this is really nothing new. This is ultimately like what Sherin really did with the internet business manifesto, right?

Like, and if you really think about it for one second, what we, what we talked about and what we came to the idea of customer acquisition through effective customer acquisition through differentiation, if you really think about it, right? What we're doing is showing them that the problem isn't that you need that, that you don't have adequate creative, right? The problem, the real root cause of your problem is your thing is not seen as different and superior. And until you fix that, right, nothing else is going to fix the real underlying problem. So we ultimately are using diagnostic copy, right?

We're ultimately going to be using diagnostic copy. And I think that that is most appropriate, right? And so that's the, that's a great example of really reframing for them that that's not the issue. The issue isn't better creative, the issue isn't, right. You needing a better media buyer, the issue, right?

All of those things high, you know, low click through rates, high cost per visitor, um, you know, low conversion rate, low, all those things are really just symptoms of the deeper underlying problem, which is inadequate, ineffective differentiation. And until you solve that, everything else that you do up here is just treating the symptom. It's never going to go away. Yeah. And so that's exactly what it is that we're talking about.

So, okay, so what I want you to think about, and there's like, look, there's no, you know, like, think about this is, you know, you've been very helpful. Like this has been awesome at working on this together. And I think that it's important for us to continue to, to kind of, um, have shared insights, uh, together as we're forming this thing. And so go now and think about how do we deliver and fulfill on that? What would they, what would the program, okay, so you know what the, you know who's in the marketplace, you know, what it is that they're exposed to from others.

We've identified the core problem that they're dealing with, that they're aware of. We know what the root cause is. We've decided we want to help people with customer acquisition through effective differentiation. Now, if we were gonna put together a solution, deliverables a program, what would that consist of? Okay.

What would that look like? Okay. And so think, think about it. Cool. Will do, man.

Okay. Yep. And then what we'll do is, uh, is, let's see, before you jump off, let's actually, what is, Ooh. So next week is brutal for me. I'm traveling the entire week.

So let's, what is the can? Let's, let's pick up on the, the 22nd, which is Monday. Okay. What time works for you? Uh, let me just check real quick.

Was the morning like 10, 9 30? Check Real quick. Uh, yeah, I have 10 open. I could do that. 10 o'clock Perfect.

On the 22nd. And so, awesome. Beautiful. So I'll think about it as well. You think about it.

And then on that meeting on the 22nd, let's see if we can, uh, at least get clarity on what we feel are some essential components. We might not nail the whole thing, but let's see if we could nail what we, what we think is like the, the essential, the foundational components of a program based on customer acquisition through effective differentiation. Cool, man, I'm excited. Me too, brother. I really appreciate it, man.

Looking forward to it. And so, uh, enjoy. Have an amazing day, dude. You too. Talk to you soon.

Thanks. You got it all.
