---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-10-08 14:16:35"
date: 2024-10-08
duration: 44m
duration_seconds: 2655
vimeo_id: 1017576554
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-10-08 14:16:35

**Date:** 2024-10-08 | **Duration:** 44m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, what are the steps that we follow when we're launching a new campaign? What's the thought process? What platform do we use? What metrics do we look at, and how do we make decisions from those metrics when it comes to optimizing and scaling the campaign? That's the insight that you're gonna get on this week's video on back, of course, with John Moy, master media buying Wizard extraordinaire.

And John is going to walk us through an actual campaign, one of his own campaigns, and kind of share that, uh, that whole process, the metrics, the decisions that get made, why we make those decisions, why we start on certain platforms, what we look for, the whole nine. So you're really getting a behind the scenes peak today in how we approach launching, managing, and scaling and optimizing campaigns. And so, what's up, John? What's happening? Todd?

Excited to dive in again. Yeah, man. So first and foremost, let me give a plug for, um, offer nos the book. If you guys haven't picked up a copy yet, you definitely wanna go ahead and do that. Go over to offer nomics.com, grab the book.

You're gonna absolutely love it. It covers in depth. Something that, uh, like we've talked about before, uh, is not really covered at all in any other marketing book, which is understanding kind of the, the three legs to the stool in terms of marketing performance, media performance, and economics, and understanding how to use those together and how they need to be used together in order to, um, effectively scale a marketing campaign online. Today. Again, you can go grab your copy at omics.

The reviews are obviously off the charts already. And so what John you're gonna be talking about is the actual campaign, the launching of that campaign for the omics book, using your own methods and whatnot. And so let's start from the beginning, and I don't even really know how to phrase this question, but kind of, okay, so what is the, the thought process? What is your thought process like? What are you initially kind of thinking about when it comes to, all right, I've got this new campaign and I wanna start driving traffic in sales, uh, online.

What, what are the initial thoughts that you, you're, you're going through, man? So the first thing that we generally look at when we're looking to launch a new campaign is that what's, what does success look like for us? Like, what, what would we like to happen? So it's like, it's, it's like before you can hit the interrogate, you have to know what the target is. So it's to figure out like, w what kind of metrics would we like to see in terms of like, what are our goals from this campaign?

Sure, we've got a new offer we're gonna start driving traffic to, but what are the, what's the primary goals for this campaign? So we knew ourselves, what are goals worth? So our goals, we had essentially two main goals. One is front end buyers, and the second one is appointments on the calendar, um, for people that are maybe interested in working with the agency. So there are two or two drivers of this campaign.

So everything we do from the campaign stems from wanting to achieve those goals. Okay. And then, so first, so yeah, so before you continue, so first and foremost, right, and I know it, it, it seems like common sense, but it's something that often people skip over, is really being crystal clear on the strategy behind the campaign, right? Like, what is the purpose of this campaign? And certainly, like you just said, the purpose of this campaign is certainly to generate new, you know, new buyers for the omics book and bundle, but it's really to use that book and bundle to show people the depth of your expertise and understanding when it comes to driving sales, using paid media, ultimately finding the people that really can benefit wildly from your help in the, um, in the agency.

And so I think that it's really important for everybody to understand that you wanna be crystal clear on what is the strategic purpose and aim for the campaign. And like John said, what does success look like? And here it is objectively meaning the data points ultimately, which I'm, I'm sure you're gonna talk about in a little bit. So go ahead, John. Yeah.

And, and absolutely we'll talk about the data points and everything else. But something else I wanna mention as well is because one of the areas that we talk about in the book, and it's something that myself and yourself have talked many times about is levels of acquisition, aggression, and like, 'cause someone might look at, I'll talk about what ours is, um, with this offer and with this campaign, but also to give a bit of context to people. 'cause some people might look at people doing book funnels or doing webinar funnels or challenges and looking at it and say, I'll do that. Not understanding that the, the peer, the person that you're looking at doing it may have a completely different level of acquisition aggression that you, yourself are willing to have in your business. So say for example, they may be willing to spend, go like negative five x under their, their, their A OV or whatever the case is on a book funnel.

Um, whereas you only be willing to break even on the book funnel. So like, we looked at this, we knew going into it based on the economics of what the funnel is gonna look like, but based on our, what our overall economics of are in our business, that we knew that we were gonna be a level three acquisition aggression, meaning that we're gonna be going negative on the front end acquisition of buyers for the omics book. And we're happy to do that because we have our business model. The agency's business model can sustain that with our backend offer of the agency and everything else. So the next step was, okay, we have our goals, but then what are, what are our kind of our acquisition aggression levels within those goals to be able to achieve them?

Because what I don't want people to look at is say, oh, look at John's doing a book funnel. I need to do a book funnel. It's not about the book funnel. It's about like having the, like, putting the right campaign out there with the right acquisition aggression level for your business, and I'm making that work. Does that make sense?

Yeah, it does, man. And I think that that, my gosh, man, that's such a valuable piece of advice that I just wanna break down because I think that, you know, and I, I want everybody to, you know, who's watching this to really listen to this, get it, absorb it, ponder it if necessary afterwards. You know, I, I think that you said, what you said is so spot on and it impacts marketers and entrepreneurs in so many different areas on so many different levels. Like number one, I, I, I remember I used to see folks that would talk about Agora and they would say, this was when Agora was, you know, when they were selling on the front end, something between, you know, 49 and and 79. And people would talk about people that didn't know the business model, didn't know the business strategy, and didn't know the economics of the business.

They would say things like, ah, I mean, what Agora does is, is very simple, right? Like you could just sell a $49, you know, newsletter. And what they didn't understand was exactly what it is that you just said. They didn't understand that in most of the Agora companies, they were going negative and weren't reaching break even for six months. And so, right, because right, they didn't understand the full strategy, they didn't understand the economics, they didn't understand the lifetime value, they didn't understand the cash flow.

And so they were merely looking at this kind of superficial data point and making a decision about the, uh, uh, what the marketplace could withstand or what the marketplace responded well to not realizing that man, there were so many layers beyond that. It also reminds me in a lot of ways of, of the people that, you know, there, there are still people out there that talk about, like, you know, a book funnel is, you know, is so 2000 and, you know, 20 or whatever. Like it's, you know, it's not feasible in in 2024. And I really believe that, you know, I, I really believe that a lot of that could stem from the fact that those people have a completely different strategy and set of economics when it comes to the, to the book funnel. They may be trying, they, they may be talking about a book funnel in the context of, I wanna have a book funnel and I wanna be profitable on the front end, or, you know, on acquisition on day zero and not realizing that maybe in some markets, having a book funnel and being profitable on day zero.

Yeah, that's, you know, because of the cost of media today, that is extremely difficult, near impossible. But a book funnel, if you're willing to have a higher level of acquisition aggression, and you're willing to operate like an investor and go negative can be and is a wildly effective structure. And so you have to understand the strategy, the purpose, what success looks like objectively. And then of course, like you just said, John, you need to understand what is the acquisition aggression level that you're gonna operate at. Are you only willing to operate at breakeven?

And are you only willing to operate at break even on day zero the day that you acquire a buyer? Are you willing to operate as an investor or go negative? Are you willing to go negative by, you know, are you willing to operate at a 50% roas, let's just say on day zero, and then not get to break even for seven days or 14 days? Th that you really, you have to understand that because that's gonna change the, the, the models that are feasible, the, the approach is that are feasible for you. And it also highlights the critical importance, the foundational nature of understanding the economics of this whole game.

And so, there you go, man. But back to you. Yeah. Perfect. So then once, once we know, okay, we have our goals, we, we know what our, our acquisition aggression level is, and ours might be different than others, so just want to mention that again.

And then after that it's okay, well, next we have to get some initial data, but then we want like our, our first kind of pool of data. So our initial data is, this is like a brand new campaign. We're launching it completely to, to, to paid media. We're not, we, we're not launching it to a house file or anything like that. So we're not getting any initial data that way.

So we have to, we don't know how the campaign's gonna do. We don't know how the, the, the, how it's gonna perform, if it's gonna perform. We don't know what, like, we don't know. We basically, we don't know anything. We have hopes and we have, uh, things that we would like to happen, but it doesn't always go that way.

And one thing that we did as well, and it's something that, that I know that you're a big proponent of, is that we didn't go building it out with like all the bells and whistles at the beginning. We had what was basically an MVF minimum viable funnel. That doesn't mean bare bones, half, half baked funnel. It means it's minimum viable. We don't have bumps, we don't have endless upsells yet.

We don't have all of everything built out. We just have the initial, because if the initial offer doesn't convert, the other are definitely not gonna convert. So there's no need to go building out everything else until we have the, the, uh, the, the initial offer where we want it to be. So that's what we started with. So we started with a very basic, but mini, like strong, but very minimum viable funnel.

And then the initial data we were looking to get is, okay, let's get our initial 200 to 300 clicks and see how much it's gonna cost us. We used to be like, let's get a hundred clicks and see where we're going. But then a hundred clicks, just like, it just doesn't seem enough these days. So we said like, let's get two to 300 clicks. See, see what we're looking at, see what our initial numbers are looking at.

And then from there, we're gonna spend up to, let's spend up to 5K and then reexamine there. And the reason why we chose 5K, it wasn't just randomly chosen. If it was the, it was based on what a a, an agency client would be willing to pay or, or what, what we, what an agency client pays to work with the agency. And basically, so we know that, okay, if we can, after, after spending 5K, let's reexamine our, the, the data, let's reexamine the numbers and see what our next steps are from there. Yeah.

So we got our 200 clicks, we got our 2, 2 50, 300 clicks. Um, things started off extremely well in terms of, uh, um, cost per acquisition and everything else. And I'll dial into the, I'll dive into the, the exact numbers in a, in a few moments. But then after that we said, we just started to spend more and the like, Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Slow, slow down, slow down.

So hang on. 'cause you, you, you're dropping gold nuggets here. And so I wanna unpack 'em for, for everybody. So first of all, I just wanna make sure that everybody's crystal clear and you, you touched on this. So a couple things.

So let's just go way back for one second to the level of acquisition aggression. So ultimately what we're talking about here is we're ultimately talking about, when we say acquisition aggression, we're talking about how much you're willing to invest to get a new buyer, how much you're willing to invest to get a new buyer. And ultimately what we're talking about is the difference between cost per acquisition, what it costs to a acquire a buyer, and what that average buyer is worth. And so, right, like if you, if if somebody, for example, is, um, is, is uh, wants to be profitable on the front, that means that their customer value, their a OV has to be higher than their customer acquisition costs. That's level one of acquisition aggression.

If you're willing to, let's say, operate at break even, that's level two of acquisition aggression. That means that your a OV, your average, the average value of the average amount of money that a new buyer spends is equal to your acquisition costs. And then of course, level three, that investor level is where you're willing to go negative. That means that the acquisition costs are some number higher than your average order value. And how aggressive you're willing to go is right.

It it, it ultimately expands the that gap. In other words, the customer acquisition costs are, are that much higher than the, um, the average order value. And so you, you touched on something, and I just want you to take 30 seconds to unpack it a little bit more. I, I know a question that a lot of people often have is, well, how do you determine, like, how do you determine how aggressive you can be? Like how do I know, should I be at, you know, is 50% roas, meaning, you know, there's a hundred dollars customer acquisition costs and we're at, you know, $50 a OV.

Like, is that too aggressive? Is that not aggressive enough? Should I be at 80%? Should I be at 60%? How do you determine that at the very beginning?

So I mean, like, it, it kind of stems from the overall business that the, the person is operating. So like, or like, or with this for the agency, it's, it's pretty, um, like the overall business model is pretty, I don't wanna say basic, but it's, it's, it's quite easy to work out what or acquisition aggression level could be. It should be, 'cause basically we're not looking to see, like at the end of the day, I don't care how much it costs us to get a, an omics book buyer if we're getting qualified appointments on a calendar within the level that we want to get, right? So when we initially set out this, so what we, how we determined it for us was basically it was like, okay, initially let's see if we can get qualified appointments on the calendar for $500 or less. 'cause if we can, we can make those numbers work with how the rest of our numbers work in the agency and for, for how, like how well we do with showcasing our value closing clients and every, and, you know, serving those clients and everything else.

So our number in our head was, okay, if we can get qualified appointments for $500 or less, let's just go from there. So we started with our 5K initial budget to see, okay, could we get 10 qualified appointments in the calendar? Then after that, it's like, I don't care what it costs to get me a book buyer if I'm getting qualified appointments for that $500. So in terms of helping people understand how they should determine their acquisition aggression level, you really need to need to look at the overall business as a whole and what your goal of the campaign is. Like if your goal of the campaign, if this is the, if you're just selling one, you, you've one core product and you need to make profit from that core product.

Like you need to be at level one acquisition, aggression, 'cause you need to make a profit from that. But if this is their front end offer and you have a secondary offer in the backend, which is your core product that you're selling, maybe it's a coaching program, maybe it's a, maybe it's a, it's a continuity program or whatever it is, well then you need to figure out, crunch some numbers to determine, okay, well based on what it is, how well I'm currently selling my backend offer or my main offer, how well, um, how well do I need this campaign to, to, to get to, or how, how, what metrics do I need to hit to be able to achieve the goal I want to achieve with my main program. So it's, it really is different for, I know it's not, probably not the best answer, but it's really different for every business. But it's to taking a step back and looking at your overall business as a whole and the overall goals as a whole that you have from your media. So like if you're, if you're selling a a one K course via a webinar and that's your front end and that's your backend, well then obviously you need to be at level one.

But if you're, if you're selling an initial product, initial front end offer, and you have a backend offer, well you need to crunch the numbers and figure out, well can I, can I make this work at break even if you can, fantastic. Um, chances are it's gonna be extremely difficult to make it, make it work at level one unless you're in some, some, some crazy markets that, that, that's still a possibility. Generally speaking, we, we recommend most people engineer their funnels to be at a level two. So it's not figuring out what, what do I need to do to get to level two, which is break even, but engineer them so you can get there and know that initially you may not be there and you may have to work up there and, and iterate until you get there. Yeah, well said.

And so I think, you know, there's a lot of, a lot and some of this can, can feel and can seem when we talk about it to some folks, you know, a bit conceptual. So I just wanna again, unpack a little bit more and address some things that you said in there. 'cause I, I think it's important. So number one, right, you said that, right? If all you have is one product, a thousand dollars course, let's just say, and that's the only thing that you sell, that's your only product in your product suite and, and that's it, that's, you know, single product.

Well, of course when it comes to the level of acquisition, aggression, you don't wanna be at break even. And you certainly don't wanna go negative because if you're at break even and you're only selling one product, that means there's no profit in your business, right? That it costs you as much to generate a customer as that customer spends with you. And if that's your only product and you're not selling anything else, and you're not monetizing the list any other way, then you're not making any profit whatsoever. Obviously you don't wanna be at level three because that means that it's costing you more to generate a customer, it's generating you more than what that customer spends with you.

So over, if that's the only product that you have, eventually you're gonna lose more and more money and go out of business. And so you're, you're then forced to operate at level one, meaning that now you have to be profitable with the sale of that product if you are going to generate any, um, any profit, therefore you have no choice but to operate at that level one of AC acquisition aggression, meaning that your cost per acquisition is lower than your average order value. And so again, this, this goes back to what it is that we talked about, uh, numerous times, right John? And that is thinking like an investor, that's ultimately what you're doing. This is why we say that, that it foundationally, it's the, the smartest, the wisest way to operate is to think like an investor and to recognize that you are investing in the acquisition of assets.

Those assets are your customers. Now what you are willing to invest to get those customers is, should ultimately be driven by what those customers are worth. That means what those customers are worth, not only on day zero, but just like any other investment on day seven, day 36 months, nine months, um, and so on. And so, right, this is why John, you were saying that every business is different because the economics of the, of every business is different. The product suite is different.

Um, the cash flow is different. The the point really that I just want folks to get is that this is not just a haphazard um, decision. John didn't just close his eyes, throw a dart at the wall and pick a number at random for what he was gonna shoot for. There was a method to the madness. You heard John say that, you know, uh, that ultimately the objective is to use the book funnel to get, um, qualified, um, you know, calls people that have an interest and a need and a potential desire to get John's help.

And so ultimately what you said, right John, and correct me if I'm mistaken here, but is that you're willing to spend $500 to get somebody on the, on the phone to get a qualified call. And so therefore, just so that everybody understands, to kind of really simplify this for a second, so John knows that, look, if he generates, let's say if he spends a thousand bucks, uh, through media and he generates $500 in sales, in sales of the omics book and bundle, right? Meaning that he's now negative 500, but out of that he gets at least one qualified, um, booked call, then he's within the zone. And that's because John knows that right? When he gets on the phone with people, he's able to help them, he's able to show them what he can do for them and a certain percentage turn into phenomenal, uh, raving clients and right, and John knows the value of a raving client and so he can extrapolate out what those numbers need to be leading to that point.

And so the, the, the whole the whole point that I'm trying to make here is that there's a rhyme or a a there's a rhyme and a reason behind this and you need to think through and you need to be clear on this. The other thing that I just wanna touch on very quickly, 'cause I just don't, I wanna make sure that nobody misunderstands is John, you made a great point when you said minimum viable funnel, but not, you know, we're not not minimum viable funnel in that we're still going the distance with the core offer. So whatever it is that that front end offer is, whatever your main offer is, we're still going the distance with that in terms of the marketing message, the marketing argument, the, the idea, the unique mechanism, the message, all of that, we're still going the distance with that. It's a minimum viable funnel in that we're starting by testing and getting data back on the core offer and how the core offer performs before we're doing all of the work on the upsells, you know, the, the transaction maximization offers. So the very first thing that you gotta do is you wanna make sure that you prove that you've got a, um, a, a message and an offer that core offer that works first before you build everything else out.

That's what's meant by minimum viable funnel. It's not minimum viable copy, it's not throw something up because that's an unfair test. It's going the distance with the core offer, but stopping there and not building out everything else until we test this and get data back on that. And so there you go. Back to you.

Yeah. So, um, and again, thanks for summarizing everything else again there. So, but like I would, I'd like to maybe get into the, get into the weeds a little bit now. Yeah. And talk about the actual campaign and the, and the actual setup and what we, what we did and, and how we did it and everything else.

So we like the, the actual campaign started before the actual campaign started, meaning that we did a lot of research on, um, we knew we wanted to have a hand raise, front end offer. That was gonna be a ha like when people, people that get this, they're raising their hand letting us know that they, they are advertising in some way, shape or form or they're, they're interested in advertising in some way, shape, or form. So our front end offer wasn't just put any random front end offer out there, but it was an offer that was engineered to get people to raise their hand for the to, to let us know they may be suitable to work with the agency if that so happens in the future, but they're, they're to get essentially getting hand raises for the right people. The second step then from there was, okay, well we need, because we're gonna be leading with a, a book, obviously the whole, the, the, the whole ju don't judge a book by a cover thing, which is actually people do judge a book by its cover. So the first thing we did was, well, when I say we, I mean I, I did a lot of research on book covers and what makes a book stand out because I knew chances are that a lot of our ads are going to be using the book cover in the ads.

So I knew like in order, obviously our creative needs to stand out in the newsfeed, our creative needs to stand out overall. So we did a lot of research on the actual cover of the book and, and the elements of the book. So when people are scrolling through the newsfeed, things that will catch their eye and we wanted to make sure that we incorporate those into the actual cover design because a lot of our ads are gonna feature the cover a lot in them. So did a ton of research on that and came to the design that we came to with the, the omics book cover. It's obviously bright yellow with black and red text.

That was very intentional because in the newsfeed that stands out a million miles against everything else, which is one of the first things that we want to do with our creative. So when our creative process started way back when we were back in the design process for the actual book. So from there then we, like, we, generally speaking, nearly always start with testing on Facebook just because it's that much easier to test on Facebook. Facebook you can get results quickly if you have the right pieces in place and you can start to scale them as well. Whereas something like YouTube or another platform or Google search, it can take a bit of time to get going.

And we wanted to get our initial, remember we're in, we're, we're in, we're pretty much in fact finding mode and data mode to get some initial data on what's working, what's not working. So we wanted to get that data quickly. So generally speaking, we would always start with Facebook ads and that's what we did. So we launched on Facebook. Um, and I can get it if you, if there's anything you wanna unpack there or I can go deeper into the type of ads that we've started with and everything else, or if there's anything else you wanna unpack with just that first.

Yeah, so I think one, I just wanna point out and say kudos going back to, you know, the, the, the cover design. And I think that the lesson really for everybody is that right? Like I love how you're always thinking about, you know, the ad creative, like ultimately, right? It was not, there wasn't an ego with the cover. Like you want your face on the cover, you know, you want, you want it to look like something nobody wants That, you know, nobody wants my face on a book cover.

Um, you know, that you were thinking in advance about this is gonna be used extensively in the creative because you know, that look, you wanna generate qualified traffic, um, not just qualified in terms of people that are using media or interested in media and scaling their business, but you know, people that are clicking through knowing they're not clicking through blindly, they're clicking through 'cause they know that it is a book which obviously lends itself to better conversions and ultimately lower customer acquisition costs. Um, and so, um, I love that. And I think that the other thing that I would just point out is that, you know, I, I love how you talked about like look, you know, speed and ease of getting that initial data back that you tend to go to Facebook for the most part because of the speed and ease of getting data back quickly. And that's because right, we ultimately, and this is an important point for everybody, and I know that you're just, you know, a wizard at this John, but we wanna make the least number of decisions possible. Subjectively, meaning subjectively meaning we wanna make the least number of decisions possible based on our opinion, our assumptions, our feelings, our gut, all of those things.

Because those things are meaningless in the world of direct response. The beauty of direct response, one of the beauties compared to institutional advertising is that we get data, right? It's all numbers driven, it's arithmetic, right? It's, it's math, it's data. And so we're able to make decisions based on the data.

We're able to put our opinions, feelings, assumptions, beliefs aside, and we're able to just let the data tell us what's going on. And so a big part of launching a campaign and knowing where to go next to optimize and dial it in is having the data. And so I love how you pointed out that you kind of lean in favor of speed and ease in terms of getting that initial data to be able to make, um, um, decisions. Is there anything, just to dig a little bit deeper, do you tend to, on, when starting with Facebook for speed and ease, do you stand, do you tend to go with more static images? Uh, so more static images rather than, you know, video content on Facebook?

When Yeah, when launching a campaign For the most part? Yeah, I mean, like the, like again, it, you can get the data quickly and you can, you can test a variety of static images quickly versus doing video. We've started to roll out some video now because we're in the next phase of our testing and everything else. But yeah, the, initially it's, we, we nearly, almost, almost always start with a image ads static image ads, yep. Okay, cool.

Perfect. Alright, keep going man. So then in terms of the, the static image ads, in terms of the creative that like our, our initial, because we're we're looking for initial data and again, we're, we're, we're doing a lot of testing, we wanted to lean heavily in favor of offer driven ads. So the ads that are, have some component of the offer in there, whether it's a picture of the book, whether it's the copy that we're using to, to see like, um, to essentially what what we're looking to do is like, at least at the beginning, because this is the new offer, the market has not been exposed to this offer before, we want to pick up as much of that low hanging fruit as possible at the beginning. So we, we've, we've started off with offer driven ads.

So if you've seen any of the ads or if you've, if you're watching this and you, and you've already purchased a book, you may, you you've likely purchased it from seeing one of the, the ads and it was an offer driven ad. It like the, the picture of the book would've fe featured heavily in the, in the image or the, we would've talked heavily about the book in the actual copy, the headline may have mentioned the offer, may have even mentioned the price. We've tested some of the headlines where the price is mentioned as well. And the reason why we're doing that, like I said, is to pick up some low hanging fruit, but we're also to seeing like how well people are resonating with, with the offer and how well people are, are responding to the offer. Initially we didn't want to go super curiosity based around like that.

We are running out some, some other ads as well where we are going, like, we're doing some value-based ads, we're doing some curiosity based ads. We're we're doing, basically we're doing a lot of testing at the minute to see if we can find some potential for legacy ads, which are basically ads where we'll get like ads that we'll probably be running for, for months and months, maybe even years if they, if they pan out the way we want 'em to pan out. But initially it was like, okay, let's get some low hanging fruit sales if we can, if we, if we, we feel as strongly about the offer, let's see if the market feels as strongly as well. So let's lead with offer driven ads and, and see what the response is. And, and thankfully the response has been, has been fantastic.

So Yeah, I, I love that. And so I, I, you know, I just wanna point something out 'cause you said something that also, uh, rarely gets talked about, but that is right how the, it, it, you know, the market's exposure to the product and offer plays a role in, uh, kind of how direct the ad creative can be. So you, you know, like, I love how you pointed out John, that right, initially because it was a brand new offer, you could be extremely direct with it, you know, the, the offer, like put it front and center and let the offer do its thing and get the low hanging fruit, which kind of right implies, and I know that this is the case, that over time, right, as the market has been exposed to the offer, the creative is going to evolve and needs to evolve a little bit to become a little bit less direct. And so you, you know, you guys need to understand everybody watching and listening to this needs to really understand that, right? That it's not, again, you, you have to understand, you don't just wanna look and say, oh, okay, well John just runs a straight up, you know, straight, you know, offer thing.

That's very, very simple, right? You have to recognize the time and place in exposure to the offer. And that's why John is running mostly, uh, or has been up to this point mostly offer driven, um, ads. The other thing that I just wanna point out is, look, I I think that it's important to understand, and I don't know if there's anything you want to add to this, John, but, you know, price point, price point also plays a role in whether it's wise to reveal price, right? In the, the ad, uh, it, it plays a role because if you're selling something for $5,000, you likely don't want to expose that in the ad because people are going to make a decision based on the price point before ever seeing the offer.

But when we have something that's low priced and has high perceived value, that can serve as a good thing. In other words, the low price point is a positive, but when you have a a high price point that can serve as a negative. And so you just need to understand the, um, the context and kind of the evolution of how direct the ad and ad creative is based on exposure to the, um, to the offer. And so John, so you, you, you launched a campaign and ultimately, you know, you're now looking to see how close, and correct me jump in and fill in the gaps here. You're looking to see how close the metrics are to what you wanted, what you decided you wanted at the beginning.

And so talk a a little bit about that. So what are you, you're looking at cost per acquisition and, and, uh, initially what are you looking at? Are you looking at conversion rate? So we're looking at, like, initially we're looking at cost per acquisition and we're looking at AOV as well, but then we're also looking at cost per application because that's what we also, that that's, that's our, we have a, an initial goal and we have our main goal. So like we're the, the three main metrics we're looking at, obviously we're looking at all the metrics across the board, but the three main main ones we're focusing on are what's it costing us to get a book buyer?

How much is a book buyer worth with on day zero and what's it costing us to get a a is qualified appointment? So initially, like I said, that we were, we're willing to pay initially we were like, okay, like would we be willing to pay up to $500 to get a qualified appointment with this new offer? Let's see up, like let's set that as our kind of ceiling and see where we're at. So right now to share some of the numbers, um, what, like, I'm sure people are interested in what the actual numbers are. So to share some numbers, right now we're paying about $36 to get a book buyer.

And the, the initial a OV is about $19, and the qualified appointment is coming in about $190. So you can see that based on those numbers, we're well within, take out the, the book buyer, CPA and take out the book buyer a OV right now, just just take them off the table right now. Are we getting qualified appointments for less than what we want? And the answer is absolutely yes. So like in, and obviously we, there we're still at MBF, so there's a lot of things that we're gonna be working on to, to optimize, and I can talk through those as well.

But like our initial goal was can we get appointments for less than what we're willing to, to, to pay? And the absolute, and the answer is yes, we can. And now those numbers will likely change in the future, but right now we're pretty, we're pretty happy with how things are going because we're, we're well within our range and we haven't even started optimizing yet. So Yeah, I, you know, and so look, I I think that it's such an interesting thing because if you, if you look and, you know, this might be a good place for us to, to, to, to start to wrap maybe, uh, but I think, you know, what was, what's so cool is that if you look right, when you first started to share the numbers, you, you said, right, $36 customer acquisition costs, $19 average A OV. Now if you stop there, first of all, if you didn't, right?

If we didn't know that the ultimate strategic purpose of the campaign was to drive qualified calls, qualified appointments, right? And we just stopped there, you many people would think that's a dud. This is a complete loser. And depending on what your strategy and purpose is, uh, with a campaign like that, it may be, but in this context, being clear on what the purpose and aim is, which is ultimately to get qualified appointments and to get those qualified appointments for 500 or less, when we then look at how well those book buyers are turning into qualified appointments and we realize that you're actually getting these qualified appointments for less than 200, now we realize, my gosh, this thing is a, is a home run campaign, right? It's a home run campaign.

And assuming that those numbers hold somewhat, you know, relatively close to those numbers, and we know that they're gonna change and evolve as as you reach scale and, and, and all that. But if it holds, like that's a beautiful thing. And I think that that's the importance of really understanding, number one, being crystal clear on the purpose. Number two, being crystal clear on what winning looks like objectively with a data point. And also optimizing when needed based on the objective numbers that you need.

In other words, like look at, at the end of the day, right? Like, John, if you didn't change anything, if you didn't optimize, if you didn't, you know, let's say hypothetically, right? Let's just say hypothetically for one second, there were no upsells, there was no bump, there was no up, there was nothing that people could add to get more value, uh, when they get the omics book and book bundle. Uh, and that was it. And let's say the numbers were the same, the numbers that you shared, $36 acquisition cost, $19 a OV, and, you know, sub $200 appointments, you, you, you might say to yourself, well, we don't even need upsells.

We don't even need a a downsell, we don't even need a bump offer, right? Because we're hitting our target in terms of what it's costing us to, uh, to generate a qualified, um, appointment. And so you see how right, when you understand the economics and you're using the economics as the north star and you're crystal clear on that, the game changes and you're not wasting time optimizing things that don't really need to be optimized based on your goal. And that's the key thing that right? What the same campaign in a different model, in a different business with a different objective might be a loser, and in a di and in a different setting might be a winner.

One might need to have the, the transaction maximization, um, offers added, optimized, all that in one context. In another context, it might not need any of those at all. And so again, this is the, the importance of understanding the, the, the, the, the three legs, man. And so is there anything else that you would add? Is there anything else that you think, uh, would be valuable for people to know in terms of kind of the way you approached kind of rolling this out?

I think I would go back to what we said at the very beginning and understanding what people, like understanding what you're, what is the goal of the, your campaign here and what is your level of acquisition aggression that to, to help you achieve that goal. Because like you said, that someone would look at the outset, if you just look at the two initial numbers for this campaign, there would be a lot of people that would say, well, that's not that, that's not a winning campaign, that's a losing campaign. But they, they, they're not looking at it through the lens that we're looking at it because we're playing a different game to them in terms of our level of acquisition aggression. And we're doing so because we can, I'm not saying everybody needs to do this. I'm doing so because like, the way we've engineered our business and our strategy is so we can do this now.

Other people, they'll, they'll look, they may need different numbers. So it's always to always bring it back to don't just look at someone's funnel, someone's offer that they're doing or someone's funnel and say, oh, I'll do that because they're doing it because they may have a completely different set of economics than you and you may spend your way outta business if you try and model what they're doing and you're not playing the same game as them. So always take that step back and, and, and look at the things from your own goals and then tackle it from your own level of ac acquisition, aggression there first and foremost, and then, and then go from there because like, that's the whole reason why we set out this offer in the first place is because I knew that we could get buyers at a certain level. And I, I also knew that if we could, if we could, there was no guarantee that we would be able to, but if we could turn a certain percentage of those buyers into bookings that we could have a vehicle, another vehicle to, to to, to grow the agency. Yeah.

Well said, well said. You know, I wanna point out one other thing that I just think is, is worth again, reinforcing, uh, one of the topics that we've talked about before, which is the difference between, you know, marketing performance metrics and financial performance metrics. You know, and for everybody, again, watching and listening to this, I want you to see how when John said, I'm gonna, you know, I'll share some numbers with you. You know, what you didn't hear from John was you didn't hear the sales conversion rate, you didn't hear order form, completion rate, right? You didn't hear those marketing performance numbers.

What you heard was you heard the financial performance numbers, because those are the numbers that count at the end of the day, right? Like, look, does it, you know, would John be disappointed if when we looked at the sales conversion number, we, with the current numbers that he shared, $36 acquisition cost, $19 a OV sub $200, you know, cost to get a, um, a qualified appointment. Would John be disappointed if his sales conversion rate was 3% instead of 5% on the, on the book offer? Or would he be that much more excited if within this context of these numbers, his sales conversion rate was 8% or 9%? Those numbers don't matter when it comes to whether the campaign is viable or not.

Remember John didn't start out, you, you never heard him say that he had a target for sales conversion rate or he had a target for order form completion rate. Again, marketing performance metrics are tools that we use to be able to hit the financial performance metrics that we need. At the end of the day, what matters is the financial performance metrics. Those are the economics. And I think that's why, you know, I, I think that's why, you know, it, it's important to recognize that when we say the three, the three legs, the, you know, the media performance, the marketing performance and economics, we're not just saying media performance, marketing performance and numbers, we're saying the economics, which is on the financial performance side, not the marketing performance side.

So like, this is where, right, like you've got that covered under marketing performance right here we're talking about the economics, we're talking about the financial metrics, the only metrics that matter when it comes to determining whether a campaign is viable, scalable, home run or not. And so any final words on this topic, John? No, I think you summed it up perfectly. I mean, the, the, like, like you said, I didn't mention conversion rate, I didn't mention any, those other things. I mentioned the numbers that, that, that matter at the end of the day.

And so like the, the financial metrics, and they're the ones that we focus on. They're the ones that can, that'll enable you to make the, when you focus on those numbers and make decisions on those numbers versus the the other ones, um, your campaigns become that much more viable and that much more scalable. Yeah, I love it. Beautiful. Okay.

Awesome. Another amazing call. Uh, I'll have to figure out what I wanna put you on the hot seat for next week to, uh, to talk about. But super appreciate you kind of sharing, you know, not just the numbers, but your whole thought process approach with one of your own campaigns. I know that that's, man, rarely done.

People like to talk about other people's campaigns, not their own campaigns. And so your willingness to to do that is, uh, is super cool and so appreciate it. And, uh, and we'll talk again next week, brother. And so love it, man. Yep.

Cheers Todd.
