---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-08-13 14:16:56"
date: 2024-08-13
duration: 41m
duration_seconds: 2507
vimeo_id: 998232438
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-08-13 14:16:56

**Date:** 2024-08-13 | **Duration:** 41m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

So what do you do when you have an ad or ad campaign that isn't working? Oftentimes, we hear my ads aren't working, my ad campaign isn't working. And the reality is, is that you need to understand where that problem is coming from. Where is the constraint? What is the issue that needs to be fixed so the ad can scale?

And here is the thing that we're gonna really dive into. It's properly identifying whether the issue is on the cost side, on the media buying expense side, or whether the issue is on the value side, the value of a visitor, the value of a buyer. In other words, it's important for us to identify in order to fix an ad campaign so that we can make it scalable, whether the problem is we're paying too much for the traffic, or whether we're not collecting enough value from the buyer. And this is so critical. This is foundational to being able to scale a campaign, to fix a campaign, to scale a campaign to identify the constraint, the real constraint in a campaign.

And I know, John, that you see this all the time. In fact, you started to share with me a story about, uh, you know, somebody that you, you spoke to last week. And so share that, share that story, and then we'll dive into helping folks understand the importance of both of those metrics. Uh, understanding how to identify the constraint and understanding where the real kind of scale comes from in those. And so talk a little bit about that conversation.

Yeah. So I had a conversation last week with a potential client, and they're, they're spending, um, they're roughly overall between their Facebook, they're doing some Google and they're also doing some Amazon ads. So they're, they have an e-commerce brand. I won't mention who they are, obviously, but they, they're spending about $70,000 a month on ads. And they came to me and part of when they, they came, they filled out a little form, and on the form they're like, oh, the issue is we're, we're paying too much for a customer right now.

So they, they, like, they had identified their, their big problem that they want solved as that they wanted to reduce their ad costs. So we actually had a look at things, and the reality was when we actually dove in and looked at the actual problem and actually went through the process of identifying where the real constraint was, their CPA wasn't really the issue at all. Like the, the real issue was that they were selling a product for, I think their price point is $69 is their front end price point. And their a OV is something like $74. And the, their, their CPA on the product was really good.

When you look at it like their CPA was about 35 to 40, $40, which in, in my mind, when I seen that immediately, I was like, okay, this, to me, this is obvious. Like to me, this is like the, the constraint is not your CPA, like getting, reducing down your costs is not what you should be focusing on here. And what you should be focusing on is the other side of the coin in terms of, okay, when people buy, they, when we looked at the actual numbers, they, the, the number of people that were buying a second purchase in their funnel, and they did have a funnel. Now it was, it was a bare bones funnel, but there was some upgrade options in there. But like virtually nobody was taking any of the upgrades.

So like they, it opened up to me, I said to the, to the client or the potential client was like, look, we can, we can go blue in the face trying to bring down your CPA, but the real opportunity to open up scale and by open up scale what the client, what what they said that they wanted was, they'd love to be spending a hundred, 150 k per month across all of the, the mediums consistently, but they don't feel that they can do that now based on their current numbers. And I says, well, like the, the reality is we can, and we can do it even with, with our CPA going even higher, because if we can optimize your A OV and get your Optim, get your a OV, you know, at a $69 price point, we sh your A OV should be looking to get your a OV well above a hundred dollars. Like they, with, with a couple of upgrades, with, with second Chance offers and everything else. There's no reason why we can't get your a OV to above a hundred dollars. And like they, they hadn't, it never entered their conversation, it never entered their mind.

And more importantly, like the, their agency that they were currently working with and are currently working with, it never entered their minds either. And it was, to me, it was like, to me it was obvious, but unfortunately, a lot of people did. They kind of just look at that one thing. And then when the ads aren't working, they focus on fixing the ads when the reality is the ads are working. It's just, you have to look at the other side of the coin as well.

Okay, so there, I wanna take a step back. So you, you shared a lot there, right? I wanna get some foundational stuff out, and I wanna make some really, what I believe are critical points for folks to understand. So first and foremost, let's talk a little bit about, just to make sure that everybody's on the same page. So we're really talking about two, uh, two financial metrics.

We're not, right now, we're talking about CPA and a OV. So first and foremost, we're not talking about marketing performance metrics like opt-in rate, sales, conversion rate, order form, completion rate, upsell take rate. We're not talking about the metrics related to how any step or stage in a campaign is working. We're talking about financial, uh, performance metrics specifically in, in this case, the two metrics are CPA and A-O-V-C-P-A. In this context, what we're talking about is what does it cost to acquire a buyer, right?

So how much does it cost to acquire a buyer? And then a OV, uh, in this context, right? Average order value is we're we're talking about the average amount of money that a new buyer spends with you. So those two metrics are the metrics that we are talking about for everybody. Now, first and foremost, let me just say this, right?

As an entrepreneur, as a marketer at heart, those are the only two metrics that I really care about. When we are running a front end campaign and we're using paid media to drive the acquisition of buyers, those are the only two metrics that matter to me because those metrics and the difference between those two, right? Like CPA and a OV, or, you know, let's say CPAs, let's say it costs us a hundred dollars to acquire a buyer, and the buyer has an a OV of a hundred, meaning we're breaking even, we're acquiring buyers for free. Let's just say, just to keep the math real simple, right? That ultimately those two metrics together and the ratio of those tell us whether a campaign is scalable.

The marketing performance metrics, opt-in rate, sales, conversion rate, order form, completion rate, upsell take rate, bump take rate, all that kind of stuff. Those do not tell you whether a campaign is viable or scalable. You could have metrics, performance metrics that are through the roof and be losing money like crazy. And you could have metrics that are seemingly below industry standards, and you could be making money hand over fist, right? And so the thing that I care about, and I I, I always like to say, right, you, you can't deposit opt-in rate, you can't deposit sales conversion rate.

What matters is the, the CPA to a OV ratio, and this goes back to something that I believe we talked about in one of our first calls, which is thinking like an investor recognizing that the healthiest way to think about acquiring new buyers when you're using paid media is you're an investor and you're, you're, you're investing in the acquisition of assets. Those assets in our case happen to be customers, clients, students, subscribers, buyers, whatever you call them in, in your, um, in your particular business. And like any other investment we make, right? We want the value of our investment to be greater than the cost. We want the value of our investment to be better than the, uh, to be higher than the, the cost.

Now, the timeframe that we're allotting for that to happen, that's a completely different conversation, likely for a, um, uh, a different day. The thing is, is that what, what, uh, what John is really talking about here is that what most folks immediately do and immediately jump to, and I wanna unpack this a little bit, John, is they'll immediately go, well, we're paying too much for a, um, a buyer, right? And we wanna reduce our acquisition cost, we wanna reduce our CPA. And the very first question that I would always ask is, well, how are you determining that you are paying too much for a buyer? And right, uh, in other words, are you pay, are they paying too much for a buyer based on the, the cost of traffic?

Like they're overpaying for media, they're overpaying per click, they're overpaying per visitor, right? Because media, their, their ad creative is off the mark, their targeting is off the mark, right? Or are they making that decision that they're paying too much to acquire a buyer based on the current value of a buyer, right? And more often than not, what most entrepreneurs and marketers are doing is they're making that decision that, that, uh, they're determining that they're paying too much based on the value of a buyer. And the really interesting thing is that they immediately go to, I need to reduce those costs on that side of the equation, rather than going to, I need to increase the value of the asset.

And the reality is, is that, and I know I'm, I'm going through a bunch and I wanna unpack a couple things here with you, John, but the, the really, you know, the, the, the really interesting thing, there's, there's a couple things, right? Is that ultimately, like, like you said, John, ultimately the more you can afford to pay to acquire a buyer, the easier this game becomes, the more you can afford to pay for a buyer, the easier this game becomes as well. The cost of media is only going to increase on the platforms that are valuable. Therefore, if you are constantly trying to, and fighting to reduce your costs, you're going against the grain, you're going against the trend, right? The reality is, is that the safest way to operate, the way to protect your business, the way to protect your marketing and your acquisition is to constantly prepare for higher and higher costs.

And the way that you prepare for higher and higher costs is through increasing the value of the assets that you are acquiring. The higher the value of those assets, the more you can afford to spend to acquire those assets, right? But the less that those assets are worth to you, the less you can afford to, um, to spend or to invest to acquire those assets. And eventually the folks that never focus on building up the value of the assets, the a OV lifetime value, uh, um, and the folks that only focus on trying to keep their costs down eventually are gonna get priced out of the market, they're eventually gonna reach a point where they're not gonna be able to afford to drive traffic. So that, as kind of a little bit of the backdrop, and there's so much that we can talk about as it relates to this topic of CPA and A OV, you said, John, that you immediately realized when you were talking to this potential client that they thought, you know, CPA was their issue, and you were immediately able to see that CPA was not the issue.

What did you, how did you identify that CPA was not an issue? That, that it wasn't the issue for them and that it was on the value side? So first and foremost, it comes back to the, um, like the, when I had the initial conversation with the, with the, with the person, the, the first, one of the first things I asked 'em is, okay, so was, so what, what is your, what is your current CPA and what would, like, what's the maximum you'd be willing to pay? And they, they didn't have a concrete, they didn't have a strong reason why or strong, um, like, like a, a strong answer to, to how they come up with their CPA number in the first place. They just decided that their price point is 69, so they'll have that and they're willing to pay 35.

And then they, Right. So they arbitrarily came up with a maximum allowable CPA and they really had no Justification It was put into it. Yeah. Okay, got it. It was basically, we'll have it, and that's the CPA.

And then they, like, they were getting results at that level. Um, but their, they, their, their spend has been capped for the last few months across the three mediums, some more. So in other platforms and other, and like they, they were making decisions based on, you know, adjusting their budgets and the ad campaigns if it went up above this arbitrary number. So as they increased spend, it would go above the 35, this $35 CPA number. So they would either shut down the campaign or they would bring spend back down until it came below.

And like, I was immediately, I was looking at the numbers and because of what we know about levels of acquisition aggression and what we know about like the, what their actual a OV numbers was in comparison to the, their, their, like what it could be. 'cause like, one of the things that stood out for me was that their, their price point and their A OV were very, very close together, even though they had a couple of upgrades in there, that immediately was a red flag that, okay, the upgrades are clearly not working if they're not, uh, contributing enough to, on top of the front end price point. So their front end. Okay, So 69. Okay, so yeah, so yeah, I was gonna say, so stop for one second.

So right to, to make sure that everybody is following what it is that you're saying. And then let's give a, uh, a little bit more of a specific here. So when you see, when you have a, a, uh, a, a funnel, and let's say you're selling your, your core product, the initial offer is $69, and you see that their A OV, let's say is 79, let's say hypothetically, and they've got a bump offer, and they've got an upsell, and they've got, you know, maybe a second upsell, let's say. So their core product is 69 bucks. Their total, their a OV is is 79, right?

Is $10 more than their core product. And they do have a bump offer and an upsell and a, uh, you know, and a and a downsell or whatever, um, you're able to immediately see, right, that obviously those transaction maximization offers the bump offer, upsell downsell aren't performing well because they're only contributing $10 to average order value. And so, right. So you were immediately able to see based on their A OV and the price point of their core offer, that they weren't, um, doing a good job of a OV contribution from their transaction maximization offers. Is that correct?

Exactly. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And so is there a number that you, you like to see from a campaign in terms of contribution, a OV contribution from the, um, transaction maximization offers?

So in other words, what, like, so some, somebody out there no doubt is thinking to themselves, okay, John, so let's say I am selling a $69, uh, you know, core product. Um, what should, and I know this is a tough question to answer, but what should my A OV be assuming that my transaction maximization offers are working well or reasonably well? How much, what should it be? So $69 core product, got these transaction maximization offers, what should my A OV be? I mean, like the, it's, it is a difficult question to answer.

'cause obviously every diff every funnel is different. Every offer is different. But typically, I mean, I'd be like, I, I wanna go back to the, the prerequisite be before this, after I answer the question. But like the, okay, typically I would look at around, say, I mean, ideally for a $69 front end offer with say, a bump and, and a, an upsell or a transaction maximization offer, typically you're looking, I would like to see an additional 40 to 60% in and around that range, on top of the front end price point. Yeah.

If I'm not, well then chances are things aren't really fully optimized. But the, the other side of that is as well is that these days, because of the likes of, you know, all of the different funnel builders out there and everything else, and the fact that you can add, add on all these bumps and upsells and everything else, so easily, I think two things happen. One, that you be, you add them easily and you don't put a lot of toll into them. So then like the results of 'em are not that great. Or b, you, you assume that you need all of these things when sometimes you might need them.

Like my goal in a funnel w when we're working with a client, is not to have all of these offers in there just because everybody else has them. We have the offers in there if we need to have them to get the result that we want to get. If we don't, if we can get away, if we can get the result without those things, we don't put them in there. Like that's the whole, that's the bigger thing behind this. It's not do these things because you can, it's like, no, if we need our a OV to be at a certain level, we have to do what we have to do to get our a OV to that level, what that means, a bump or two bumps, or three bumps or an upsell, two upsells or a downsell, whatever the case is, if we need to, if there's no other way we can get the result economically, we have to add them in there.

And, and if we do add them in there, we have to, you know, do our damnedest to make sure that we, we maximize them. And we, we think through the, the offers strategically, and we do whatever we can to, to, to make sure that we, we get the result that we want. And in this Instance, Because the, because the $69, and I think it was $73, you said it was 73 or 74, like an additional $5 a OV contribution from a bump and an upsell, you might as well not have them because it's not gonna make a difference. So Yeah. Well, really, really, man.

Well said a couple things to just kind of piggyback on top of that. And then I know you wanted to, you had something else to add, and so I wanna give you the chance to, to, uh, to do that. So, you know, and this is, this is so important. So look, you know, I would say that, you know, the a OV contribution, right? Uh, as your, as your core offer, price point goes down or is lower.

The a OV contribution from your transaction maximization offers your bump, your upsell, your second upsell, your downsell, uh, second chance offer, all these things that we, um, we put in place is gonna be greater or ultimately should be greater, right? Meaning that, right, if you're selling a, a very inexpensive core, you know, front end offer, the majority of your A OV is ultimately gonna come from the transaction maximization offers. So, and this is important. So the amount of thought that you put into what those transaction maximization offers sh uh, um, need to be or should be, should be just as extensive as the thought that goes into the core offer, right? Like, and in fact, I would say that the smartest thing to do is when you are thinking about and planning the core offer, that's when you should be planning your transaction maximization offers, like it should be an afterthought.

It shouldn't be done later on. And it certainly shouldn't be done willy-nilly, where you're, you're just throwing anything up and assuming that because I have an upsell, because I have a downsell because I have a bump, that they're gonna contribute to a OV because you can end up in a situation where you've got a $69 core product and your a OV is 73 bucks, right? And so you really have to go the distance, and I'll take this one step further and say something that might sound, um, crude, but I'm just gonna be real, and this is the simplest way for me to e explain it, that on a front end campaign, uh, especially when you've got a lower ticket core offer, right? The, the reality, the reality is like, one of the ways to really think about this is that core offer is there to really ultimately get the credit card to get the purchase. I don't mean that we're not delivering value.

I don't mean that we're not caring for people. I don't mean that we're not fulfilling on all of our promises. Of course, you, right? Like everybody listening, watching this, you know me, right? And you know my heart, you know where I'm coming from with that.

We need to deliver the goods. But in terms of the economics, right? That's to get the credit card. It's then the transaction maximization offers and sequence and process that's gonna contribute the bulk of the A OV. And so that needs to be planned.

It needs to be plotted, it needs to be strategic, it needs to be done with your full, full force. The same way that you approach the core offer. It's not an afterthought. You've gotta look at your, your full funnel, uh, um, and give your full energy to each of the steps and recognize that it's one unit that is there to produce an average value for a buyer, right? It's not like so many people, right, John, they get caught up in the right, the core offer.

The core offer, the core offer, and everything else becomes this secondary thing. When you need to look at the funnel as a whole, as a unit that is there to not only produce a buyer, but to produce a buyer that is worth a certain amount, a certain amount, that is enough, right? For us to subsidize our acquisition costs. And so I know you had something else that you wanted to, to share that you wanted to go back to. Yeah.

The, um, you kind of touched upon it. The, the other thing was that when I, and I tried to be as calm about this as possible when I grilled that, that that person on their, the other numbers in their funnel, and I was like, okay, what's the, how much is, are the upgrades contributing to a OV? They're de they defaulted to the conversion rate of the upsell instead of the how much it was actually contributing to A OV. And I think a lot of people will look at, oh, my, my upsells converting at 15%. So what does that mean?

Like, what does that actually mean? Like, how much is it actually contributing to A OV? And I think if, if we can help people make that distinction data be, be super helpful, like to, to to explain to them exactly, okay, what it actually means to, to calculate a OV contribution versus how much your upsell's actually converting. 'cause a lot of people can get lost in conversion rates, as you know. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. And so let's break that down. Um, um, quickly, first and foremost, I think, right? I think you're so spot on.

I, I I I in terms of, in, in terms of folks really looking at and judging, uh, the effectiveness of a campaign based on marketing performance metrics. In other words, they'll use again, you know, like, how well is this campaign performing based on it? The opt-in rate is great, the sales conversion rate is great, the order form completion rate is great. Like they, they're looking at marketing performance metrics, which are really metrics that are there to tell us how well, uh, or poorly a particular step or stage of the funnel is functioning. But they're not there to tell us the viability of the campaign or the scalability of the campaign.

And so they tend to apply that same thinking with the transaction maximization, um, um, offers. They, they're, they look at what's the take rate or the conversion rate on an upsell on a bump offer. And, and what we do and what smart marketers and entrepreneurs do is recognize that the value comes from the impact on the, uh, the increase in a OV when it comes to the transaction maximization offers. In other words, what we care about is not what percentage of people take advantage of it, but what, what we care about is how much money does it add to the average transaction value? And so let's look at this for, um, for one second, and let's try to keep the math real simple without having something to, to, to show on, um, on the screen.

And so let's say we are at, uh, let's say we're, we're selling a $20, you know, we've got a $20 upsell. I'm just gonna, just to try to keep things real simple. We've got a, uh, a $20 upsell and we've got a 20%. Again, just to keep things real simple, we've got a 20%, uh, take rate conversion rate on that. So we've got a $20, uh, upsell and we've got a 20%, uh, take rate.

20% of buyers take advantage of that upsell. Well, the way that you determine average order value contribution is we take that $20 and we multiply it by 20%. In this case, that is $4. That means that having that $20 upsell there is worth $4 to the A OV, meaning it adds $4 to the average order value across the board. Now, the average order value, the average amount of money that a buyer spends is increased by $4 because we've got this $20 upsell that's converting at 20%.

Well, now let's just, again, just to keep the math real simple. Now, let's say we've got a, um, a hundred dollars upsell. Uh, we, we run a test and we price it at a hundred dollars, let's say, and we cut the, the take rate, we cut the conversion rate in half, it goes down to 10%, right? And so now we've got this a hundred dollars upsell, and it's only converting at 10%. So we have the conversion rate.

We, we cut in half the amount of people that are taking advantage of this. But now that a hundred dollars upsell and the 10%, um, take rate. Now let's look at a OV contribution. A hundred dollars 10%, that's $10. That upsell, that a hundred dollars upsell with half the conversion rate is worth more than double the original upsell.

The original upsell was $20 at 20% contributing $4 to a OV. The a hundred dollars upsell at 10% is converting $10 of a OV. That means that that upsell, even though it's half the conversion rate, is contributing $10 to average order value, whereas the other one at double the conversion rate is only contributing $4 and cc, the game that we're playing is not a game of how high can we get the conversion rate. The game that we're playing is, how high can we get the average order value contribution? Because ultimately the a OV number compared to the CPA number is what determines the viability and the scalability of the campaign.

Not the conversion rate, not the conversion rate on the upsell, not the 20% versus the 10%. If we were just using marketing performance metrics, we would choose the 20% over the 10%, of course. But because that is less than half of the a OV contribution, that one is the loser regardless of the marketing performance metric being greater. And so it's important to understand, again, like we talked about, right John, at the very in, i I believe in our first, um, conversation that we're playing an economic game, not a marketing performance game. And when you play an economic game, it's about moving the financial performance metrics in this context, the A OV.

And so anything that you would add to that, John? I, I don't think there's anything to add. I think if you've summed it up perfectly, and I think the, the examples were great, and if you, when you break it down, it's like, it, it makes it super clear for people to understand that you're going from, like people would look at you like if you just said to 'em, I have an upsell converting at 10%, and I have an upsell converting at 20%, which one should I go with? Like, they, they'll automatically go to the 20%. And obviously we didn't give them the full picture, but they will just, their mind will immediately go to the 20%.

But when you break it down to the, to the actual numbers that work like, or the actual numbers that matter, which is contribution to a OV, like they, it's night and day difference. It's 150% increase in a OV, um, contribution just from that one tweak with, you know, so like worse performing marketing metrics. So I think the way you explained it is perfect, and I just hope people can get it and start to look at their own numbers and start to see, you'll start to see patterns that maybe the stuff that people have tested in the past that they've given up on, because I had a low conversion rate. But if they actually go back and work out what the A OV contribution was, they might be able to switch them back in and see, see like their performances increase and see their A OV increase. And they, like, they're gonna get, unlock more scale for their, in their campaigns because of, so, so I would encourage people to that are watching this, to go back and look at your funnel metrics and actually work out your A OV contribution for every single one of your add-on offers and see, um, how much are they contributing and if people have been focusing too much on the conversion rate to see if there's, if there's other elements that you can add in there or other offers that you can add in there.

And, um, just to get better results. 'cause I think like that's focusing on the, like you say many times, like the CPA will, like, that's always a battle trying to bring that down and trying to bring that down. It's like, it's, it's a, it's a losing battle because CPAs will always rise as we increase our spend, CPAs rise. The really, the, the, the, the, the better thing to be focused on is how can we increase our A OV, how can we always be looking to increase our A OV and maximizing your A OV and honing in on and actually understanding what your A OV contribution is, the start of that. Yeah.

I love it, man. And we're gonna unpack that in just a, in just a second. You know, going back to the, you know, the, the take rate and, and, and not really caring about the take rate, but really caring more about the A OV contribution. This is why, if you've ever heard, uh, a Slack adjuster, this is why, you know, in Starbucks, they've got the $3,000 coffee machine, uh, you know, that somebody can, can purchase, even though they know that a tiny, tiny sliver of people are ever gonna purchase that, but they know that when, right? It only takes a tiny, tiny sliver of people to purchase that, that coffee maker $3,000 to radically skew the average order value, if you will, right?

And so, again, it really is understanding. You're playing an economic game. You are an investor, you're investing in the acquisition of assets. The more that those assets are worth to you, the more you can invest to acquire those assets. The more that you can invest to acquire those assets, the easier this entire game becomes.

That is how many, many entrepreneurs and marketers are able to dominate markets, verticals, niches, because they're able to pay a lot more than their competitors. And when they're able to pay a lot more than their competitors, they can actually use subpar marketing and still afford to acquire those buyers, right? But when you, you, uh, um, can only pay very little to acquire a a, a buyer, your marketing has to be dialed, right? Your conversion rate has to be at the top 1% in your industry in order to be able to remain there. And that, right?

And so, very, very important, it's a completely different game that the savvy entrepreneur, the direct response entrepreneur and marketer are playing compared to the typical, which is, uh, a game of economics compared to the typical playing a game of marketing per marketing performance. So you mentioned John, and we could probably, let's, we'll, we'll finish with this because this is a lot for people to really absorb, but you had said, you know, and we, we talk often about this, that, you know, look at the end of the day, right? I, I always say that it's this scale, CPA on one side, the cost, right? And the value on the other side. And it's this constant battle, if you will, or this constant kind of endeavor, right?

Like to, we want to, you know, uh, um, have costs here and value here, right? And certainly the higher value can be above cost. The better it is, the more profitable it is, um, for us. But there are two ways that, there are two ways that you can balance that scale, if you will. You can bring your cost side down, or you could bring the value side up.

And we're certainly in no way, shape or form saying that there's no value in attempting to, uh, to bring costs down. But why, why is it much more favorable to work on the value side of the equation compared to the cost side of the equation? Meaning the a OV side versus the CP side. I mean like the, the, there's like essentially an uncapped limit on the A OV versus like, there's only so much you can bring down your cost. Like you're never gonna bring your cost down to zero.

There's always gonna be some cost, but whereas on the a OV side, like there, that, that, that's essentially uncapped. It's not, obviously you're not gonna get an a OV on a $7 offer to 7,000. Like that's like, that's not gonna happen. But like it potentially, like there's, I mean, like, it's basically it's capped versus uncapped and like you're, you're always gonna be up against it, bringing down costs, and sure, there's like, I'm not saying we don't bring down costs, so we, we, we absolutely do focus on bringing down CPAs to levels where the, where they like as, as much as possible, but the, the upside potential is always, always higher on the a LV side of things. Yeah.

And really, really well said. And I'm gonna say a couple of things, uh, that I think are really important for folks to understand. So number one, right? Like, look, we're, I'm not in any way, shape or form, we are not in any way, shape or form saying that, um, that you don't want to, um, to take action to, to, to keep your CPA to, to lower CPA. We're in no way, shape or form saying that it's important to understand that there are really two main ways of bringing down your cost per acquisition.

There is of course, on the marketing performance side, increasing your conversion rate, right? Increasing conversion rate will, assuming that costs remain the same cost per visitor, uh, you know, cost per click, right? Increasing sales conversion rate will bring down your cost per acquisition. If you go from 1% to 2%, right? Which is a doubling of your sales conversion rate, you are cutting your, having your, your CPA, if you go from acquiring 10 buyers to acquiring, you know, 20 buyers, you have your, your CPA, the thing to really understand is that that is the hardest metric to move and move significantly.

Like you had mentioned once before, John, on a prior call, right? Going from 1% to 2% is not a 1% increase. Your doubling sales conversion rate. And so right, going from 2% to 4%, right? That's not a 2% move.

That is doubling sales conversion rate. And that is the hardest metric to, um, to move. It's the hardest metric to move, of course, because what we're talking about is converting, uh, uh, prospects, non-buyers into buyers. And so it is the toughest metric to move. So you've got sales conversion rate.

The other one that you've got, which we, we we began to really touch on last week, is creative, right? Is creative in your media buying. And so, right, like, and which we're not even gonna go back into that. Now, I know there's a whole bunch for us to talk about, uh, uh, additional stuff, and we will on a future call together, right? But is creative, right?

And so you, with the right creative, you certainly can bring down your cost per, per visitor. Um, and ultimately then, right? You bring down your cost per visitor, you're bringing down your, your, your cost per acquisition, assuming that all the performance metrics, um, hold. But like John, you said there's only so much that you can bring down your, your costs. You're going against the trend of valuable platforms, um, and right, and on the value side, you have, like you said, it's uncapped.

Not only is it easier to move the A OV compared to the, um, the sales conversion rate, right? It's easier to move a OV because you're talking about now putting out additional offers in front of buyers, people that have purchased the core offer. So now you're talking about working with buyers compared to sales conversion rate, which is working with, um, prospects. You also have two things on your side on the a OV side or the value side. Number one, you've got, there is no cap, right?

And so while you know there's a reasonable amount, you know, like you said, 7,000, we're not gonna go from a $7 core offer to a $7,000 A OV, excuse me. What you also have, which is not often discussed on your, on your side, is time is time meaning that, right, that we've got time to bring, we've got day one day after they become a buyer, if we wanted to, if we're talking about, let's say, you know, level three of acquisition aggression going negative on the front, we've got time, we've got the ability to put out a second offer and a third offer and a fourth offer, and right, we've got the ability to go out a week to go out, two weeks to go out, three weeks to go out four weeks, or if you're like an agora, right, to go out six months or eight months and, uh, with multiple offers to, to bring in the money. And so it's much easier to move the needle in a big way when you are, um, focused on, uh, on a OV, right? When you're focused on driving up the value of your assets, the more that you can drive up the value of those assets on day zero, the day that they become a buyer and future in, in future days, the easier this game becomes for you, the easier the game becomes for you. And so, John, is there really a, is there anything else that you would add to that?

No, it's just that what I'd love to do in a future call at some stage is discuss that whole concept of you also have time because, uh, a lot of people are, and like ourselves included, would like, we, we kind of default to, oh, it has to work on day zero. And the reality is like, why, why does it have to work? Like, well, it's like, it, it, there's no rule rule book out there that says you have to get the result on day zero, so why not? Like, like why not, like, get past that. And I think if we can help people get past that, I think it'd be super valuable for people Yeah.

At some point. So, you know, what you're, you know, you're talking about the monetization window, which I've just, I'm, I, you know, I'm in, I'm in love with, right? And really just as a tease for a future call for you guys, what John is really talking about is that, you know, that look, you know, you don't have to judge a campaign in terms of its value or its viability even merely based on that one campaign. In other words, you're not, you know, you, you're in the business of acquiring assets that are worth more to you than what it costs you to acquire those. That doesn't mean that you're, you're in the business of having to make that work with a single marketing campaign, right?

There's no rule that says that can only work with a single marketing campaign. And yet everybody judges their performance based on, or typically most people based their, you know, they judge their performance based on how well is this campaign working? Well, your business isn't right? Your business is hopefully made up of multiple campaigns. And so there's no rule that says that you have to rely on one campaign to make that CPA to a OV ratio work, right?

There's no, there's no rule that says you've gotta look at the value of a customer solely on day zero. Why can't you look at the value of that customer on day seven or day 14, or day 21 or day 30? In fact, I'll go as far as to say that that's exactly how most of the biggest and best direct response driven entrepreneurs and marketers operate, right? They understand that the longer the timeframe that I can use, right, the more to my advantage, it is, right? If you're going up against somebody that they have to make this work on day zero, and I have 30 days to make this work, well, man, I just slanted the entire game in my favor.

And what we're talking about is slanting the economic game in our favor. And so, um, very cool. You know, let's just wrap, and I wanna give you the, the, the final word as the, you know, as the, the wizard on the call here, right? But I think, man, you've really done a tremendous job over the last handful of weeks of really getting people to understand the, the importance and role of economics in this, the mindset related to economics, to understanding the metrics that are critical to making paid media work, to understanding the different components that go into, we talked about early on the three legs. And if you, if you don't know what I'm referring to, you can go back and watch the, the, the first, I believe, you know, our prior calls together, um, uh, you know, and, uh, and last week talking about the, um, the creative.

And so, um, any final word for today, man. Um, I would just encourage people to, like I said, to go back and to look at their, look at their current funnels that they're running paid media to, and like, if they don't know what their a OV contribution is for each of the, the add-on offers to actually look at them and to figure them out and make a decision on whether or not the, they could be improved, not based on the conversion rate, but based on how much it's actually contributing to a OV. I think if people do that, they'd probably, there'd be a few light bulb moments for people, and like they, they'd probably see that, like they, yeah, that there's definitely room for improvement here, or they may see that they've been making decisions based on conversion rate instead of making decision based on a OV contribution. So like, I would encourage people to go do that, and if they do that, um, I think that their, their eyes might light up. Well said.

All right. Awesome. Amazing call, dude. As usual, excited for next week, next week maybe we'll get into the monetization window and really unpack that a little bit. Uh, great stuff, man.

And so we'll see you guys and gals next week.
