---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-10 17:01:41"
date: 2025-06-10
duration: 46m
duration_seconds: 2782
vimeo_id: 1092220696
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-10 17:01:41

**Date:** 2025-06-10 | **Duration:** 46m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Go through this quick. Alright, so today what I wanna do is I wanna show you, uh, I wanna kind of give you the context, the background behind a campaign that is being worked on by one of the junior copywriters over at, um, at Wealth with God. And I wanna show you like some of the different pieces that, um, the, the, the pieces like, uh, the audience, the, um, the promise that we identified, the thesis that we identified. And then I wanna go over to the, um, to the kind of the outline for the CPB chunks. And I wanna explain a few things.

So we're kind of going back to the basics, but I think that there'll be some interesting ahas for you in, in this kind of overview of these basics and how we got to some of these different, different points. And so I want, I want you to see this, right? So let me do this, and then let's do this over here. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna make this bigger. So this is really, this is a promotion that we're running, we're, we actually, uh, are partnering with, uh, a couple of other fantastic experts, um, and releasing a program, their program, these other, these other experts, their program for, um, Christian women.

And basically, let me, let me start with this. So the, this program, which is for Christian women, number one, the audience is, and you're gonna understand why this is important in the context of this explanation in just a, in just a bit. Like, you're gonna understand why this is important when it comes to the argument, you know, creating the argument. You know, one of the things that I've shared with the, um, the, the juniors that I've really hammered into them, and, and I would say that they're, you know, that two of the three are really, maybe even, you know, all of them. Two of the three juniors are really not juniors.

They really have a tremendous amount of experience. Um, they've written, you know, winning campaigns before they're just juniors in their current role, um, with us. But one of the things that I've hammered into them is the enormous value in getting clarity on the different elements of the marketing campaign before you start writing. You know, one of the things that, you know, that I've shared before, right? Like so many marketers, so many copywriters jump in and start writing, like they've got an idea of, of, of, of who they're talking to.

They've got an idea of, you know, of what they ultimately wanna say. They may even have some really deeper clarity on, um, on the offer. But I wouldn't say that they've really got their, I wouldn't say that they're crystal clear, right? And they often have this little bit of clarity, and they jump in and they start writing. And what ends up happening is oftentimes you can see that lack of clarity in their writing, they end up, right?

They don't have a clear north star of where they're trying to lead the prospect. So they end up having copy chunks that are kind of veering off to the left and right. They end up with copy chunks that are unnecessary. They, uh, right? That like, don't have any place in this.

Um, they end up sometimes with copy that feels like copy, because what it's really kind of leveraging the copy tactics. Like they're so focused on, let me work in, you know, an open loop here, or a nested loop or some persuasion tactic, or it's not your fault, kind of the, the typical copy, you know, uh, um, persuasion triggers, if you will. But what they end up lacking is that overall clarity in the, um, in the message and, and really getting crystal clear on what they need to say and, and in what order and what they don't need to say, what they can leave out all that. So the reason why I'm stressing that with you is because, right, like we, we, I made sure that, like who is the, who is the audience and what are they aware of, right? What, what are they aware of?

What do they already know? What do they already believe? Right? And let's document it. I don't mean what do they believe in general, like, I just mean what do they believe as it relates to the topic that we're, we're, we're, we're talking about here.

And so one of the things that I want you guys to understand, and this is this is gonna be valuable in just a few minutes, is that, um, is that this is ultimately selling a, it's selling, for lack of a better phrase, it's selling a business opportunity for Christian women. The business opportunity, if you will, the income opportunity is a type of coaching business online. It's a certain, it's a, it's a type of coaching business, um, that ultimately doesn't require expertise, authority, or any prior experience coaching. And it's really just an interesting way that they describe it. They describe the difference between, uh, you know, mentoring and coaching, blah, blah, blah.

It's irrelevant for this, for this training, but they, the, so that's what they're, ultimately, that's what their, the ul the offer is. It's a way to right, put these Christian women into their own kind of business so that they can, uh, so that they can generate additional income, uh, without taking time away from their family, right? So, like, without, without, you know, they're not, they're not looking to go back to work. They're not looking for a part-time job. They're certainly not looking for a full-time job.

They've got in-home responsibilities. Many of these are stay at home, um, moms, but they're looking for a way to contribute, you know, financially to their, um, to their, to their, to their family, and do something right with flexible hours and do something that is meaningful that can have a positive impact on people versus just selling a product. And so the way that we came up with the first iteration of this was just right, it's Christian women who want a simple way to generate supplemental income in minimal time without taking away, um, from their family. And so the number one, the thing that I want you to, to notice in here is what I, I want you to notice what is not in here. And this is important.

So what you'll notice that is not in here is, is something about them being, let's say, struggling financially. So nowhere in the description are we saying that these women are struggling financially or that they've got financial angst, or that they're, you know, they're, they're, uh, they're overwhelmed by bills or something like that. There's none of that in here, right? And so I'm sharing that with you because right. It's important to understand that because, right?

So we're, we're not necessarily talking to people that have financial struggles. We could, many of these women could be women that are aspiring for more. In other words, you've heard me talk before about the two different categories of problems that we, that we solve, right? That people buy products and services to solve a problem. That problem is either a pain point that they're trying to move away from, right?

It's a discomfort, it's a pain point. Their, their home is in foreclosure. They're o overwhelmed with debt. Their relationship has falling apart. They got terrible knee pain, their wildly overweight and they wanna get out of, you know, their health is deteriorating.

It's right there, there's a pain that they want to eliminate. They're moving away from a pain point, right? That's what we think of when we typically think of problem. But then we know that there's also the unfulfilled desire. These are people that are not necessarily in pain, and they're, they're not trying to get away from pain.

They might just want more, maybe they're trying to lose weight because they want six pack, not because they right, their, um, their health is deteriorating or anything like that, but maybe they just wanna look that much better, right? Maybe they wanna make more money, not because again, they're, they're in debt, but because they just have bigger aspirations for themselves, right? And so it's, the difference that I like to kind of think about it is in the first kind of category of problem, it's people that are going from minus to zero, right? They just wanna get out of the pain and get back to at least, you know, standard, maybe a little bit better than zero. And then you've got people that are the unfulfilled desires.

Those are, you know, zeros or ones that, and they wanna get to more positive, right? And so it's not right. One is moving away from pain, one is moving towards pleasure, right? One is as a, a, a pain point. One is as an unfulfilled desire.

This is important because, right? If we were talking to Christian wo women, if we define the audience as Christian women who were in financial stress and financial struggle, well, I would be much more apt to, to start with, um, or entertain a problem, solution, lead or a problem. Agitate, solve, lead, right? Because we'd be talking to women that are starting with a pain point and right? It's painful being there and they wanna escape the pain.

But because we're not, I likely wouldn't be starting with a problem, solution or problem agitate, solve lead, because we're not necessarily talking to those women, right? We chose specifically not to define the audience. 'cause that's, this is, that's not who we believed. It was only people in financial struggle. And so therefore, we wouldn't start off with, um, you know, problem, uh, solution, um, lead because these women aren't necessarily starting with a problem.

So, do you see how just in that one little point alone, being clear on who the audience is and how we describe them is essential? Because if ultimately we were looking to attract just women that want a simple way to generate supplemental income, they want more, they wanna contribute, right? Like to their family, blah, blah, blah. Um, and we started off with a lead that was like, you know, do you know, uh, do you lie awake in bed at night, you know, worrying about your bills, right? Do you often run out of money, you know, uh, before you, you know, your bills are, are all covered?

We would lose, potentially lose a great deal, a great percentage of the women that don't have that experience, but do want to contribute more. Do want a way to make more? So, before I go on, right, does that little initial point make sense to you guys? Do you see the importance of that? That that's why I say like, right, like, imagine now if this, um, copywriter, this junior didn't document that audience, well then how do you, right?

How do you determine what type of, what lead type to go with or whether it was appropriate, you know, to go with a pain solution lead? You see, when he, he initially, he went with a pain solution lead, and then I went, I brought him back to the audience, and I said, why did you start with Paine when the audience, we, we didn't mention anything about Paine in here? And then he realized the mis mismatch of the lead type with the audience. And so, does that make sense before I go on? Yeah, Absolutely.

Yeah. Okay. The next thing that I want you to notice here real quick, is I want you to notice, um, the, um, I want you to notice the promise and the, the, the, um, the thesis. Now, typically, what I will say, this is again, first iteration, um, of this, um, but typically we, the promise is what's used in, um, in the thesis. So we typically will come up with the, you know, we'll come up with the promise, the, the, call it the primary promise, come up with the, or identify the unique mechanism, and then identify the aspect of superiority for the unique mechanism.

And then we take those three things, the promise, the unique mechanism, and the, and the aspect of superiority that we're claiming, and we build it into a, a campaign thesis. Now, the thing that I want you to understand, right? So legitimately where it says over here, the best way for Christian women to generate supplemental income really should be, uh, um, generate an extra one to three K of income every month, um, in minimal time, uh, probably be, this should be more specific, few hours of time, uh, without taking away, um, from their family is with the, the seed method, right? That would be the, the, the, the thesis. Now, the thing to understand is this, this thesis, I just wanna make sure that you guys know this.

You've heard me say this, you know, uh, dozens of times. But the thesis is just our north star. It's not, it's not intended to be copy. It doesn't, like, it's not necessarily used in the campaign, right? Like I would say more often than not, I don't, the, the, the thesis statement, the way that I write, it never appears in the, um, in the campaign, a form of it, A version of it may appear at some point in the campaign, but the thesis statement is not meant to be copy, right?

It is not meant like we're not gonna use it in copy. What we will use in copy is a spruced up, juiced up version of the primary promise. This might not be the exact way that we, we say it in the, um, in the copy, but the primary promise we are going to use in the copy, you know, that the, the some version of the primary promise is absolutely going to appear at least once, if not more than once in some form or fashion in the lead, right? And so, oftentimes, right, we, you know, likely in, not, not all cases, but in most cases, with the exception of the most indirect leads, like a story lead, it's gonna appear once more than once in the, um, in the lead. But the thesis is just our guiding light.

The thesis is ultimately the, the one belief that we want to establish in the prospect's mind before we segue into the offer. So this just serves as the guiding light that, that kind of, that GPS that destination, right? Like I've always said, you know, and you guys know this 'cause you live it, right? There's, how do you know if you're taking, if you're making good time, if you're going in the right direction, or if you've taken a wrong turn, you're going down an unnecessary street. If you don't know the destination, right?

If you don't know the destination and you don't have clarity on exactly where you're going, then how could you ever make the judgment of we're going in the wrong direction, or we're making bad time. You couldn't, what allows you to make that judgment? What allows you to see that you're taking a wrong turn? You're going down an unnecessary street, right? Like you're, you're, you're not actually making progress, uh, is well, what does progress means?

Progress means, right? Getting closer and closer to the destination. So you need the destination to be able to determine any of those other things. The same thing applies with copy, right? And so, like, without the thesis, how does a copywriter determine what should be in the campaign?

What shouldn't be in the campaign, what's unnecessary, what's not? Uh, you know, what, what, what is necessary? And so on. And so I say this again because this is another reason why you need clarity on this, because this is that one belief, that one thing that we are ultimately trying to prove to the, um, to, um, to prospects before we introduce the offer, right? And my belief is always, thanks to the unique mechanism, you know, portion of a thesis, a thesis statement is right?

That once we, if we establish this belief, we've perfectly set up the sale. In other words, the prospect is then ultimately what I would call pre-sold. They're pre-sold on the mechanism before we introduce the offer. In other words, they want the, they, they want the mechanism. And if the offer is the only place that they can get the mechanism and experience the benefits of the mechanism, they are going into the offer pre-sold.

So, right? So this becomes our, our north, our north star. Now, right? Like this, you, you might see that, like you may see, and this is one, one more distinction, and I just want you to try to, I want you to pay attention to this. 'cause I want you to, to pick up on this, this is a little bit of a nuance here.

So ultimately what you're seeing is, right, that you're seeing, you know, you could say this is where they're starting, you know, like this is where they're starting. Like this is the starting point. This is who we're talking to when they're coming into the funnel. We're talking to Christian women who wanna simple way to generate, right, like supplemental income, right? In, in, in mine time, you'll also notice that we didn't, we're not, we didn't establish, um, they want to generate supplemental income with a certain method.

Like, right? We didn't, we didn't say, you know, they wanna generate, um, supplemental income, you know, working, you know, uh, only with a telephone. We didn't say they wanna generate supplemental income, you know, working for a company, right? We didn't like, they, they, they wanna generate a supplemental income with an online business. So we didn't, we didn't specify any of that, because that's not where they're at.

In other words, we didn't specify that in the audience statement, because that's not who we're talking to. We're talking to Christian women, right? Who want a simple way to generate additional income for their household, right? In minimal time, so that it doesn't take away time from their family, their kids, their other responsibilities. And so this is where they're starting.

And ultimately, right? This is the belief that we want them to have in the end. So this is the beginning, right? This is the, the end. Now, why am I sharing that with you in this context?

I'm sharing that with you because, because where they're starting, right? Where they're starting plays a role in what the primary promise is not where they're ending, where they're starting impacts needs to impact, um, needs to impact the primary promise, not the destination. So what do I mean by that? I mean, right? That ultimately, ultimately that you have to recognize their current awareness coming into the campaign.

And the promise that we make, right, which is gonna be at the very beginning of the campaign, has to be appropriate for where the prospect is at right now, not where they will be at as they progress through the, through the, um, through the campaign, right? So this goes to that, right? This goes to the idea of, you know, of kind of, of Robert Collier when he said sort of, you know, like, what is the conversation already going on in the mind of your prospect? This is sort of what Clayton Makepeace used to refer to when he would talk about what is the dominant resident emotion that the prospect has coming into the campaign, right? Not the, not the not the dominant resident emotion that they're gonna have potentially at the end of the campaign, after we expose them to our message, to our argument, to we establish certain beliefs.

But where are they at, right? What is their psychology coming into, uh, in, at the beginning? Now to, to unpack this a little bit more, right? So remember I said at the very beginning that the seed method is a type of, you know, is a type of coaching model. Let's just say it's a type of, uh, coaching business model.

Um, and right, that model is the perfect model for what these Christian women want, because right? You can, you know, you can earn one, one K to three KA month with just a few hours a month getting paid, you know, a hundred fifty, two hundred, two hundred fifty bucks, you know, uh, or more, um, an hour. You don't need any expertise like, or authority or, you know, um, prior experience, right? You're not serving as a mentor. You're er, you're serving as a coach.

You don't need to have expertise on the topic, blah, blah, blah, like, right? Thanks to, thanks to this method. Well, imagine this, imagine that we said, which was the first iteration that the copywriter wrote. We said something like, you know, your primary promise, you know, generate, um, let's say we said something like generate, um, you'll generate, you know, whatever, you know, uh, four to five, you know, coaching clients, um, that pay you, you know, $250 more per hour. Something, something like that.

And that was the primary promise. Well, remember I said to you guys, right? You know, the primary promise comes early in the campaign, right? The primary promise we're, we're, we're, I remember, I, I published that one thing about the, the three finger test, where the primary promise has to come from, like in the body comes from, you know, the three, like three fingers into the copy on the, you know, after dear, you know, dear friend or dear marketer, dear business owner, whatever, the primary promise has to be in there. Oftentimes, the primary promise is right in the deck, copy in the headline, and then in the beginning of the, um, of the body copy.

Now, if we are talking to Christian women who want a simple way to generate supplemental income in minimal time without taking away from their family, and our promise is that you'll generate, you know, three to five, um, coaching clients that pay you, uh, you know, whatever up, you know, 250 plus per hour. See how the awareness level is off? We're, we're right. That primary promise is appropriate for women that have, are already educated on the value of a coaching business and would love to have a coaching business. But that's not in the description of the audience, right?

It's not, if it said Christian women who want a, you know, who want a cool, you know, um, coaching business, uh, online coaching business that generates supplemental income, you know, in minimal time without taking away time from their family, well, then, yeah, that would be an appropriate promise because that the awareness level of the promise matches or aligns with the awareness level of the audience. But because this audience, right, is not necessarily women that have decided, uh, um, how they wanna generate this supplemental income, or I should say they're not sold on any one way. We can't assume that they know anything about a coaching business, right? We can't assume that they've ever heard of a coaching business, right? Because that's not who we're talking to.

We didn't narrow it that much. Therefore, what you'll see here, um, is that the pri primary promises, right? You'll be generating an extra one to three K in income every month without taking away precious time from your family, right? So in other words, the way that we would open this, right? If we're talking to Christian women who want what they want, a simple way to generate supplemental income and minimal time without taking away from their family, this is why I've always said to you, the primary promise should be as close to what the target audience wants as possible while still being true, um, accurate and believable, right?

So it should be as close to what it, they want a simple way to generate supplemental income. And so you'll be generating an extra one to three K in income every month without taking away precious time from your family. That is as close to what it is as we've described this audience, as what the audience wants as possible. You see, right? This is what they want.

Why is this important? It's important because remember, right, that I know that they'll pay attention to this, they'll pay attention to this, right? If I, if I said right, I'm talking about a way for you to, right? Where you don't need to leave your home away, that right still allows you to fulfill all of your, your, your responsibilities as if you're a stay at home mom or your responsibilities around the home, right? Like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Like, that's, that's the lead. I'm not gonna mention in the lead coaching business, unique coaching model or anything like that, because that's not the awareness level of the audience. And so that's not where they're at. And that's extremely important. Like the, this, the thesis, the primary promise and the audience understanding what it is that I just shared with you is so valuable because it gives you a, it gives you a whole different level of clarity and direction when it comes to the campaign.

Imagine, again, if you didn't have this written out, right? Um, like if you didn't have clarity on this, you could see why somebody could have, you know, the wrong, the wrong primary pro, the wrong awareness level to their promise, like much closer to the end result than, you know, the end, the end point than the starting point and so on. And so, any questions about this as context before I show you what, uh, the, the, the how then this got turned into the outline for CPB chunks. Does this make sense? Any questions or anything that you would add to that?

Super, super important. I know that this stuff is right. This isn't the, the wildly, you know, sexy, um, ai, you know, automation stuff, but this to me is, is so in insanely valuable because, right? It's why you can end up with, just with this point alone over here, how the promise needs to be aligned with where the audience is starting, not where they end, right? That this is why you can have extremely well-written copy.

You could have stuff, you can extract stuff, whether it be from AI or Right, an extremely well-written piece of copy and have it not do well, not because it's not written well, not because it doesn't have all of the key elements that, um, that a good piece of copy needs, but because it is a mismatch with where it's starting and where the audience is actually starting, in other words, right? Like, you've gotta, the audience is here, you gotta start here. If the audience is here, you start here. You know what I mean? But you don't, like, if you think about it, you could almost say, look at it as, think about it as the, um, prospect awareness pyramid.

Well, right? Like, we have to start where the, the, the, the prospect is, right? Uh, where the prospect is or lower. But you can't start higher. You can't go, you can't have, uh, you can't go to an a, a, a problem aware market and then start with a product aware lead, right?

You can't go to an unaware market and start with a solution aware lead. You have a mismatch. And so that's why you've gotta, you've gotta get clarity on this. Now, to fast forward on this, so you've got this context. So we started to look at, um, the argument and the argument that was gonna be created.

And you can see that this is pretty simple, this argument, the structure. So number one, like the, the, um, and this might get tweaked, right? Slightly, but I just wanted you to see how this came together. I want you to understand the thinking and the strategy behind this. So we're gonna take these women, uh, right, who want a simple way to generate supplemental income.

And we're gonna start by talking about, this can be done with an, you know, like the first thing that we need them to believe in is that, right? Is that this can be done with an online business and that they can have an online business, right? Like as a, you know, as a Christian woman, as maybe a stay at home mom, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so you can see here, right? Like, uh, because you can run it from home.

So you don't need a location office. Online businesses can be flexible. You can work your own schedule. Uh, they don't require, uh, certain ones don't require startup costs, blah, blah, blah. So this was kind of the first, right?

And these might, some of these might get dumped, might get extracted out, right? But you could do this with an online business. Now, the best type of online business for Christian women is coaching. Now we introduce coaching, the generic coaching, and over here, right? Ideally what we're, what we're doing over here is we're selling them on, in this chunk on why coaching is a, is a superior, um, is a, uh, is no problem.

Teddy, uh, happens to me all the time. And so in South Florida, so I get it. Um, is we're selling them on, right? We're selling them in, in, in CPB chunk two, we're, we are selling them on why coaching is for Christian women is the best of all business models. So you could say, we got, we got them bought in on an online business, now we're getting them bought.

Now we're narrowing it. Okay? So they got, they were okay. We educated them on, you know, like you could have an online business and like, done, right? An online business gives you, does give you flexibility.

It doesn't require startup costs, blah, blah, blah. Like, it's, so, it's perfect. It's a perfect thing for, you know, for a Christian women. Now of all, not all online businesses are, um, are a great match. The number one model for Christian women is coaching.

And here, right? For Christian women who want, um, you know, to make additional income in minimal time per month without taking time away from their family, it's coaching. Why you don't, you don't need to create a product. You don't need to deal with inventory. Um, you can set your own schedule, you could ramp it up or down, take vacations when you want, doesn't require any extensive tech stack or website like you find with e-commerce and, and information products and whatnot.

Um, and you can launch, you know, a coaching business and generate income pretty darn quickly, right? So the, the aim of this chunk, right, uh, um, is ultimately, um, and oh, and you can get paid, right? A hundred fifty, two hundred, two hundred fifty bucks, um, per hour. That's right. And so the goal here in this chunk is to sell them on the value, or excuse me, the superiority of coaching as the right model for who they are.

Christian women who wanna generate supplemental income, blah, blah, blah, with minimal time. And then the final chunk is what the best, the, the best online coaching business model, right? Is the seed method, their unique mechanism, um, and selling them on, on this, right? And this goes into, you don't, you know, you don't need to have, you don't need to have expertise, you don't need to have authority, you don't need to have experience coaching your personal story and li uh, life experience, um, are your greatest qualifications. It goes, we go into this, this, this pitch on, you know, the difference between mentoring and coaching.

We share her story in here of how she didn't have any, you know, like, uh, um, education or experience, and we share other examples, um, in there and, right? Like, you also don't need to do stuff on social media, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so establishing the fact that this is the, um, superior way, the best way to, um, to, uh, to the best model, the best coaching, um, coaching model in here. Um, and so before I go on before, does that make sense? Right?

You see how like we started off with, you know, like you could, you can envision at the very beginning, like, you know, look, you're, you're, you know, you're, you're a Christian woman, uh, likely, you know, God has put on your heart certain aspirations, right? Maybe you want more, maybe you wanna contribute to your family. Maybe you, you know, you wanna help get out of, uh, of debt, whatever it may be. You are a Christian woman who's looking for, you know, a a simple, easy, um, way to, uh, generate an additional one to $3,000 a month of extra income, right? Without taking time away from your family.

Well, the beautiful thing is, I'm gonna teach you, I'm gonna show you that, right? Today, I'm gonna show you blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, lead, unpack, Hey, my name is blah, blah, blah, Mary Jones, you know, da da da. And then we go into, now look what, you know, generating that one to one to three K, it can be done. First and foremost, I want you to understand with a unique type of, of online business, boom, online business, right? First, right?

Not just any old online business, what coaching is far superior, right? But not just any old coaching method, this method, um, over here in particular. So before I go on, any questions or anything that you would add to what it is that I just said? No, pretty straightforward. Okay?

So we are going to get to the, the final piece of this kind of overview right now. So you see this right here, these three things right here. Now, uh, oh, these four things, actually, this was one, these four things. These four things were originally, the, the, originally the copywriter had these four things in underneath this CPB chunk. So proving, you know, the best method of the best online coaching business model, you know, is, is the seed method.

The reason why is because of this, because of this, because you don't need to sell or be per, uh, persuasive because the funnel system is already set up for you because you don't need a website or logo or brand figured out. And because you can be an introvert and still make extra income. Now, the thing to understand, and this is important, is that ultimately what I realized when reviewing this with the team was that these things were ultimately benefits that came from one or more of the deliverables that are part of the offer. And so, um, so thi that this is an important, you know, this is an important distinction here for you guys to, to grasp. This is gonna be it.

We're gonna wrap with this. And so I just want you to get this. So, right, these four were originally under this CPB chunk. But when I said to him, I said, well, why don't they need to sell or be persuasive? You know, uh, um, you know, like why can they, why can they be an introvert and still make, you know, extra money?

Like, you know, like, why is this, tell me, explain to me how with the seed method, right? That they don't need to sell or be persuasive. And he said, well, he said something like, well, because, you know, they, um, they part of the, you know, part of the program is they get a mini video, uh, course that that is recorded, is already done by the expert, the authority that they will then use and deploy to generate their own clients. In other words, the marketing campaign. Um, and, and, right?

And, and the client acquisition and whatnot is done for them in this video series that the, um, the experts behind this program created for them. And they get that mini series to use to license, if you will, a white label, if you will, um, as part of the offer. And so you can see right away that I let him finish explaining that to me. And I said, is that the case with the, you know, the funnel system is already set up for you from day one. Yeah.

And you don't need, right, a website or logo or branding, you know, figured out, yeah, he said, because it's part of the, you know, they get the marketing system as part of the program. And I said, so look, I said, so this should be an indicator that these four things do not belong in this CPB chunk. They do not belong in this CPB chunk. Because remember, what are the CPB chunks about when we're making claims, right? Ultimately, right?

We're, we're the, the, we're, we're ultimately making claims to present an argument about the unique mechanism. We're not making an argument about the product, we're making an argument or presenting an argument for the unique mechanism. And this last one over here, this last CPB chunk, is the, is really the argument with, within the main marketing argument, it's the argument for the unique mechanism. So if this is referring to, uh, something that they get as part of the program, then why would we be talking about it in a CPB chunk about the mechanism? Remember that we don't talk about the, the product or the benefits of the product until we introduce the offer.

And so I said, if there is nothing that's built into the seed method, uh, that eliminates the need to sell or, or be persuasive, and this is only a benefit from one of the deliverables in the offer, then you cannot talk about it in this CPB chunk because you end up then with a CPB chunk that is somewhat talking about the unique mechanism, but also talking about the product. And you've changed the entire system, right? You've changed the entire methodology. And so by the time that we're done with this CPB chunk, we should have established the campaign thesis. And so, right, we should have established the campaign thesis.

And so, right? That is not, we didn't establish anything about the product. Now what we do, he said, but that's a, that's a powerful benefit. I said, it is a powerful benefit, right? But it's not a benefit from the unique mechanism.

It's a benefit from one of the deliverables in the offer. In other words, right? Now, when you, after this, when you say, so, you can see, right? You can see why this is the, the seed method, the seed, the seed model is such a wildly compelling and valuable method for, you know, model for or opportunity for Christian women who wanna generate, right? Blah, blah, blah.

And that's why I'm so excited today to introduce you to this program, XXYZ, right? Because it's the fastest, easiest, um, most effective way for you to get started with the seed model of, of coaching. Let me tell you everything that you get, let me tell you how quick it's gonna work for you. Let me tell you what, right, what it'll do for you, blah, blah, blah. And then we go into the deliverables.

And when we get to this, right? Like, and we get to this one component with the mini course, that's white label, then we get to say, and the beauty is right, that, right. What you're gonna see with this is thanks to this component, right? You don't need to sell, you don't need to be salesy, you don't need to feel uncomfortable, you don't need to get aggressive. You don't even need to be persuasive because the, the, the client acquisition is handled for you by this system.

You see, this goes to work for you, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. So you don't have to worry about it. So now you're getting clients thanks to the system, and you don't have to worry about selling, saying anything uncomfortable or having conversations with people, blah, blah, blah, that sort of thing. And so, do you see how that is the same thing with each of these? Because these are benefits that are attached to a deliverable and not the unique mechanism.

They have no place in the CPB junk, CPB chunk for the unique mechanism. They really have no place in the marketing argument. They then they should be presented in the offer and attached to the specific deliverable that they come from. And so, does that make sense to you guys? Yeah.

That's should be, you know, valuable, right? That should, again, this is one of those little examples where, right, like, you know, imagine if one of these appeared early in the argument you would shoot yourself in the foot because you would be, right, you'd be tipping your cards, you know, um, and showing like, you know exactly where you, you are, um, you're going. And so really valuable. One other quick thing that I wanna mention before, um, I, i, we wrap and I let you guys, um, go is, you know, one other comment that I said was, you know, if you look at these three chunks just as they are right now, number one, you'll see, right, the three beliefs when, when there's a belief that we want somebody to have, we just claim it to be true, and then we offer support evidence, right? Like, we back it up with proof.

Sometimes that proof is in the form of studies, stats, figures, you know, research, blah, blah, blah. Other times it's, as you've heard me say, it's we give the reason why, right? Like the reason why is because an online businesses can be run from home. The reason why, you know, the, the, the reason why the best type of online business for, for, for Christian women is coaching, uh, um, is because you can easily get paid, uh, you know, up to 250 bucks per hour because you can set your own schedule and ramp it up or down, take vacations, family getaways, whenever, because you don't need to create a product or invest in inventory or worry about shipping or managing any, anybody like, right, or, or managing a team, because right, it doesn't require any kind of extensive tech stack. So you don't need to learn anything, you don't need to pay for software, blah, blah, blah.

And the beauty is that you can launch this type of business very quickly and be making money, um, fast. And that's why the coaching business is the best model for Christian women who want to make more money in little time. You see how we're right? We're making the claim that the belief that we want them to have is true. I want them to believe that the best type of online business for Christian women is coaching that in this, in this chunk, right?

So all I'm doing is claiming it to be true, and then I'm offering whatever level of support I believe I need to offer to back up that claim, right? What I'm not doing is just making a claim and then moving on, right? Like assuming that they're gonna believe me just because they're, they're, they're going to believe me. And then of course, we get to the next one that the best, you know, the seed method is the best method of having an online coaching business for Christian women, and that I back that up with, you know, with proof and evidence. Now, the thing that I want you to understand is if you look at these three beliefs, these three chunks, right?

Uh, there's one of these chunks is almost like a sort of a duh, like, yeah, right? One of these is not gonna give anybody an aha moment. And that is this first one, right? Like, no one's gonna be like, ah, you are right? Like, I can have an online business and do this, right?

Like, that's not gonna produce an aha. It might, you know, give them a little bit more confidence, a little bit more understanding, right? But it's not gonna give them this aha. Whereas, right, like the best business for a Christian woman to have, right? Is, is coaching business may give them an aha because maybe they've never been educated on the difference, you know, the pros and cons of different business models.

And so if we can show all the pros compared to the typical, um, models, they might, wow, that's interesting. I never realized that. And then of course, certainly, you know, which should always be the case, they should have ahas when we introduce the unique mechanism, the best way to do this. But they're not gonna have most, the overwhelming majority aren't gonna have any ahas here. The reason why I'm mentioning that and why I mentioned this to the copywriter is that's why this CPB chunk would be much shorter than the others, right?

Because I'm not, I wanna, I wanna make this point, I wanna establish it. Uh, it's not gonna take much to establish this the way it would, this belief and, and this belief, right? I, I, I would suppose that it's gonna take much more to establish these beliefs. And the other thing is, right, I wanna move past this as quick as, as I can. I don't wanna belabor something that is not gonna produce an aha, something that is almost can appear almost basic or right, like information that they can get elsewhere.

I need to cover this based on their level of awareness and where they're starting from, but I wanna do it effectively and as efficiently as possible. And so, right, this chunk would be brief, um, and, um, you know, brief, uh, and swift, because I wanna get through this because I wanna give an aha as fast as I can, but I still need to cover this. And so, does that make sense? Good. Yeah.

And so there you go. Yeah, there, there you go. That is, uh, you know, that is, um, you know, kind of a, a little peek behind the scenes of how we came to that and the value of clarifying the, the audience and noting that, and then the primary promise and making sure that it's aligned in awareness level with the awareness level of the audience, and understanding that, right? The where are we starting these people at? What's the promise that we, what's the promise that we need to make with where they're at right now to grab their attention and generate their interest?

And then where are we gonna lead them? What, right? What's the destination that we're gonna lead them to? And then therefore, what do we need to cover in between to get them from where they're starting and where we need them, uh, need them to be, right? And when you, when you kind of operate with that level of clarity, and then go back to, uh, I don't know, I can't remember who was on the call or not, but a couple weeks ago I did this video of the 10 steps, um, you know, the 10, um, uh, what I cover, like what I, Michael, were you on that call?

Was that you or was that a d uh, maybe Adida. I did this great video that you guys should see where I broke down. Like, all right, when I, what I, what do I work on first in a campaign, right? Like, what do I work on first in a campaign and now what do I work on second, what do I work on third? And I think that, you know, you should dig that up if you need, you know, j shell can get you a copy of that.

You should see it only because, um, because I think it's quite different from the way that most people have been taught to approach their, um, promotions. Like what I do first, I believe it is the first six things out of, um, 10 or uh, 11. Um, it's actually 11. Uh, on that presentation I only shared 10, the 11th one I mentioned, which was the offer on there. Um, but six of the 11 have nothing to do with writing copy.

Six of the 11 are not writing copy at all. Six of the, the first, six of the 11 are really clarity on, you know, on like the primary promise, the unique me mechanism, the statement of superiority, the, um, the, the, the, um, the campaign, um, uh, what was I gonna say? The campaign thesis, then the, um, the subie that we need. Then the campaign, um, theme angle, right? All of those up to that point, everything that I just mentioned right now, right?

Are, is not writing copy. When I said the, you know, the subie, I'm not talking the argument, that's a later step for me. It's the, you know, the, the claims that we're gonna make, right? That the c and the CPB chunks, right? And then what's the theme, the angle, the, the idea that we're gonna go with.

Again, none of those things are writing copy, right? Like, and so my point is that the first six of the 11 have nothing to do with writing copy. Um, and so that clarity is just worth its weight in gold, and it makes the writing process so much simpler and so much easier when you know where you're starting, you know where the audience is starting, you know where you're going, you know, what you need to, to, to cover, to establish in terms of beliefs between where they are and where they need to, um, be. It, it just makes it so much, so much easier that, um, it almost, it, you know, it becomes a lot closer to fill in the blank, if you will, than you know, writing, you know, a full blown promotion. And so, makes sense.

Cool. Alright, you boys are outta here. I will see you next week. Um, have an amazing day and if you need anything, slack, me. Thanks Todd.

Uh.
