---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-11 18:01:02"
date: 2022-11-11
duration: 1h 0m
duration_seconds: 3646
vimeo_id: 770021171
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-11 18:01:02

**Date:** 2022-11-11 | **Duration:** 1h 0m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey guys, how are you? Very good. Thought how are you doing? Good. Good to see you guys.

I don't normally see you guys together on camera at the same time and same location. So this is like a special event for us today. Did it a first special event the first time we're doing this. We are together the same location in Dubai. So yeah becoming on the same camera.

Wow, very cool. Well, I'm glad to see both of you guys here. And so let's dive in I'm gonna take some notes as always. Give me an update. Give me a state of the union tell me what's going on good bad ugly and then we'll move into what you guys are working on what you guys are struggling with or need some help with and so give me a state of the union.

Great. Did you go to Charles to see the video that I sent for glendor or not? I said maybe not no. I did not no worries. When did you send that over?

seven hours ago maybe Oh, okay. Let me see. No worries. I think I'll just read us the question. So okay, in terms of the questions will like three actually four questions and let me show you the progress of how everything works.

So in the last few months, we have launched a few new things which is new addition to our you know, like product portfolio or our events. So as you can see our funnel is still the same. We're still running the passion printer campaign the nine to five one Buck webinar, it goes into the three day master class, which is 200 bucks and it goes into the four months Management program, which is 4,500 and they go into inner circle which is you know, 2500 and they we have a downset of the passion printer club which is you know, a few hundred. So this was the original one now. We have a few addition in August.

We have launched our first ever, you know, 10K 15K product, which is the passion for another millionaire and Sign up about 13 people as of now. So one of the questions going to be like how do we actually have a separate funnel to enroll people for our high-end Mastermind? So it's kind of like something like top one. We just launched it new and the second thing that we have launched which is a community event. So in August, we also launched like a physical event where we bring all the mantees together, which is called passion printer connect, and we actually we launched the passion preneur here in front of like 200 people and we say that hey, you know, anybody who's making like over 100k we invite them to a dinner and then they do the application and they enroll that's kind of how How you know how it is?

But otherwise this more is more like a you know Community event just to nurture the community and revive them to get back into some of the Inner Circle or maybe the club. So it's kind of like Community thing and we also launch a new event which is called a passion printer leadership boot camp. It's like a four-day physical event where you know, hardcore physical and mental training, you know, or in a rural like a area. So more days army army Warrior Camp kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, and that is like, you know 500 to a thousand bucks because we're still like in testing the water and increasing the price.

So that's kind of where we are at right now in terms of this and in terms of Revenue, so in 2022 Financial year, like just all the way from the you know, one Buck webinar all the way to here. I think we this year we're gonna do, you know, five six million. Yeah, we roughly about six million we're gonna do so I think business is good. Okay. Yeah, that's great.

How you feel? You feel good about that. Oh, yeah, very good. Very good. Okay.

Yeah. Okay, so go ahead. I'm sorry. Yeah, sorry. So now there is the four questions basically is in 2023.

We are looking to see how can we get to 10 million dollars like what are the things? What are the gaps? We need to feel of course. We're still running on an event base. So this thing is there but we added a high ticket program so that things there so number one question is how can we get to the you know, 10 million dollar Mark and the second question is about we are actually not really utilizing much of our email list.

So we right now we almost have like 200k, but we're actually not really using it. So I feel next is next year is going to be the year that we really have to nurture and utilize the least a lot more third question is about this passion printer partner. So we are looking to actually see how can we actually invest in some of the millionaire business or Or maybe partnering up with them and help them to scale because some of the people they have the business about a hundred and fifty K and they have a good potential and we we don't know how do we help them? But it is in our this is our graph for the stages. Right.

Now these people are adhere we're looking to see how can we bring them to the partner or maybe eventually investor, but we are actually not very familiar with this model. We know you do you do it in some of the you know top one members. So that's why we wanted to ask you this is the third question and there's one more question, which is the Let me find it wait. there's that how do we structure a millionaire business? No, I think this is I think it's for so 10 million dollars.

The second is the high ticket funnel for the passion pruner. Millionaire. The third one is a how do we how does the pattern partnership work for business owner? And the fourth is the email strategy? So these are the four questions got it.

Okay, so just making some notes here. Okay. So let's save the um, how do we get to the 10 million dollar Mark for the end because that's gonna be a really a buy product of everything else that we do and we're gonna have to reverse engineer some numbers to really understand what it's gonna take to hit the 10 million dollar Mark, but let's go over first to the The Mastermind and so the new offer and so let me ask you just a couple of questions about the Mastermind. So I really have the full context. So first of all, what is the promise of The Mastermind?

So the promise is they start at 150k the promises if you stay with us, we are looking to get you to 1 million dollar. Well, you know, four four months program or the The Mastermind right The Mastermind, so The Mastermind like what is the promise of The Mastermind in other words? It's so no. I'm sorry. The the the passion preneur.

Yeah, that's the promise you get to a million million dollar. seven figure So, okay. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Sorry, the promise is usually they come in if they are coming in and making about like 150k.

So in the next two to three years we want to get them to two to three million dollars. Or I wanted to me I wanted to one to two million dollars and if they're already at one or two million dollars, then we want to help them to two three extra business. Okay, if one million. All two or three x. Okay, and So there so if you could pull up the the flow chart one more time.

And so I tell me without without going through like what is the what is the promise of the passion preneur Inner Circle? in a Cycles promise is to get to your first six figure. Okay, so okay guys there and once you're six figure millionaire you get to Seven figure then once you are seven figure then you go to eight figure in next level of partner. Okay, God and so go back. Let me scroll that way for a second.

And so what is the promise of the of the four month mentorship? Yes get started with the business guy gets. Okay your passion. Yeah. Yeah, so you We also have a club and this one is get to their first like 1K.

Got it. Okay. So the the four month mentorship is basically how to get started. Um for for people that don't take that the down cell is the club which is how to produce your first thousand dollars. The inner circle is is really how to go from either zero or your first thousand to six figures and then the passion preneur millionaire is how do you go from six figures?

Excuse me to seven figures. A just one this one the club. It's only after they joined a four month if they feel they couldn't afford the Inner Circle then you this to keep them in the universe. So got it. So the club is not a down cell for the four month mentorship.

The club is really a down sell for the people that don't join Inner Circle. Yes. Yes. Okay. Got it.

Uh and totally makes sense. And so I'm gonna ask a question. That's kind of gonna it's related to the to the to the millionaire program, but it's also a little bit related to the email list and so once somebody is in let's say the the passion preneur Club, what what's the communication like with them ongoing about inner circle in other words? How often are you putting the Inner Circle offer out in front of them to go from the club into the Inner Circle? So let's say they let's say they graduate from the four month mentorship.

They see the Inner Circle offer. They don't take it and now they get presented with the passion for a club offer they do. Take it and now they're in the passion-preneur club. Now what happens next in terms of upgrading them into the Inner Circle? So typically what we do is we give them like a four months period in club and this club is only for four months and sometimes we extended to four more months if they're not hit their goals as a bonus, but in the four months we planned the seed that hey get to your first, you know, 1.5 K from Passion or or 15 to 20,000 something roughly about that fifteen thousand dollars in your business either of that in apply for inner circle and then they feel the form and pay the money.

We plant the seed view in few sessions and I come in, you know, some sessions are done by my team some session I do it and then I have we have a graduation day and the graduation day we see whoever is not upgraded. Whoever's, you know, got to that level upgrade now, you know to Inner Circle So just to be crystal clear. So the upgrade opportunity is a specific point in time when they graduate that's when they're really given the opportunity to upgrade. Yeah, that's right. But in the middle, there are some people are already we can tell them also, you know reach out to the team and apply for like, you know, we still have a club badge going on but two people just upgraded to Inner Circle yesterday.

So it's like two months in club, but they're still ready and they some people show up and whoever is ready they come but at the end we do last hard push for people who have finished four months. Okay, got it, and people can enroll in the Inner Circle at any time. In other words. It's not it's an ongoing. It's an evergreen program.

That's right. Okay, and somebody can potentially stay in the Inner Circle forever into perpetuity or is there a start and stop to it? No, it's forever. So and really bring you the annual membership. Yeah, okay.

And so and what's the difference in the content on the training that inner circle people get and the passion preneur millionaire people would get yeah, so Inner Circle is is more about focusing on improving the funnel and getting more sales and marketing done and passionable millionaire is actually building the structure of the company like hiring culture leadership and you know scaling the diet. So it's all the additional components. Let's say call it for argument's sake non-marketing related that they would need to be able to scale to seven figures. Yes. That's okay.

And so yeah proximity and access as well to me more to you. Okay, and so I'm just a couple more couple of additional questions and then that's it. Then I'll tell you exactly how I would approach it. And so the passion preneur millionaire. That's also an evergreen.

It's Evergreen meaning somebody can join today. Okay, it's Evergreen and it is um, it's an ongoing program they can stay in it into perpetuity and they would pay 10 15 grand call it every year. Yes. okay, um and the is the only qualification to get into passionpreneur millionaire that they're making a minimum of 150k or more. Yeah, that's right.

That's the only qualification. That's right. Okay, so they don't drop the person and how how they are as individual as well. So both of them, but mostly they have to have money. Okay, and so they they have to let me let me just be clear.

So it's not that they have to have money right they have to have money in order for you to want to get on the phone with them or to pitch the passion for more millionaire Pro but they have to have a business that is doing at least 150k a year to Quality. Yeah, meaning if somebody comes to you and they've got the right character and they've got the money but they're only doing 50 Grand a year. They're not ready for passion for more million years. Yeah. Okay got it.

And so I just want to confirm that there is no qualification that there is no they don't need to have been in any of these other programs necessarily in other words. Somebody might come to you by you know, the the very first thing that you offer them. Let's say And be at 150k a year in their business already before they came to you guys and they would still qualify to go into passion-preneur. Millionaire. Is that correct?

Meaning like another words? It's not they don't have to be making at least 150k a year and have gone through one or more of your programs or or is that the case? So until now all the people have signed up millionaire. They they come from the same funnel. They have gone through the four months.

But now as we want to go forward we want to bring other people from outside as well as they come in, you know and passion by millionaire. We would still want them to go through the passion prayer mentorship for free. We don't want to charge them separate but do you want to still go through because Foundation is still there, but we have to yeah, we will open up for non-passion here members as well. And so that it can directly join in. Okay, and so what I'm curious of what percentage of your audience and I'm not looking for a precise number but what percentage of your audience would you say is at the hundred and fifty K like what percent is this a one percent of your of your audience?

Is it that kind of small total adjustable market? So it's a it's a small segment of your of your of your it okay, and so Tell me so you recently promoted you promoted the passion preneur millionaire. Got the 13 people in there from the connect event. Yes, okay. And so tell me have you given thought to I'm curious.

Have you given thought to what you what you are going to do on going to promote passion for more millionaire? Because I'll tell you what I would do but I'm curious of if you have any thoughts up to this point of how do we you know, how do we put people into this ongoing? Like I don't thought about that at all. Honestly, and we've not given a lot of time but we just have a very surface level basic level of thought that we're gonna do we will definitely continue to promote it and connect every three months. We're gonna make a list of people who are ready and enroll them from their Community, but from the outside, we also eventually next year thinking to test book a call kind of thing application funnel and get those people qualify and directly people talking to them and closing them.

That's one thing which we had thought but honestly, we're not done full the there's one more thing. So when I spoke with the people at the millionaire so because these are these are all the people that is mentees and when I onboard them when I spoke with them actually when they joined the three day Master Class, they are already some of them are already at 150k. So what we are also thinking is that because this event actually we have like 1,200 people that is joining the event and even though our campaign is more like oh, you know build a business, you know from scr. But still we attract like a good even people that is here. There's like a good 20% as business owner.

So we are thinking that we could still not like a heart pitch but maybe like a soft pitch where we can potentially gather these people who are business owner and into another set presume and do a call for them for a pitch. So that's one of the things that we are considering and thinking but we're not super sure yet. Yeah, so well, look I I think without even getting into look. I mean, I'll tell you a couple things and I'm Gonna Save the what I would do from an evergreen perspective for last. Um, so when you on board somebody or when you bring somebody into the four month mentorship program do you collect do you collect in formation on their business?

Like do you know who's already at you do so, you know who's already at the the 150k mark? Okay. So what what I would do right if I was your if I was your business partner, what I would do is number one. I would focus at at your your Live Events whether they're in person or whether they're virtual. I would sell I would pitch one offer.

I wouldn't I wouldn't have three different offers that you're out there pitching at the event. I would have one offer for the people that take advantage of the four month mentorship that are already at the 150 right? I would sell them. Like if you're gonna pitch right pitch the the four month mentorship let them sign up let them enroll and then what I would do is I would have a campaign where I reach out to those people that are at the 150 Mark and I would my my pitch to let's say get them on the phone. Is that how you're enrolling people into passion for millionaire through on the phone.

Or is that like are you willing to do that? I should really say. Yeah, we can do that. Yes. Okay, so because what I would do and we do this with some Of our offers, um is what I would do is I would let I would pitch the one thing the four month mentorship and then what I would do is I would take all the people that are qualified after they've purchased right?

So I we've got their money that sale is closed that sale is done. I would take the the people that are already at the hundred and fifty k Mark and then I would launch a campaign and how we launch this campaign we can we can certainly talk about because there's a number of different ways to do it depending on what you're willing to do, but I would launch a campaign to those people that is like, hey based on your um, prior business success you qualify to get the four month mentorship free if you are interested, right? Um, let book a call right? I'd love to talk to you or somebody on my team. Would love to chat with you to explain, you know to congratulate you and to explain Um what that looks like right right off the bat you're gonna get their attention because they just spent, you know, a chunk of change to get the four month to get the four month mentorship.

And then what I would do is I would get them on the on the phone and that's when I would pitch passionpreneur millionaire and I would let them know that right that where you are at right now. You really want passion for millionaire. First of all, you're gonna get the four month mentorship free as part of passionpreneur millionaire. And the reason why you want to be in passion for a millionaire is because scalable systems blah blah blah, right. So what you're doing is you're not creating any friction with the initial pitch and the initial offer for the four month mentorship, but then you're taking those people that are already qualified for millionaire and you're teasing them with the opportunity to get like to get it free right?

You just spent 4500, but you really qualify to get it. Be right, you know, um, and I'd love to congratulate you and share that with you. All you got to do is just go book a call your your call rate. Your call booking rate is going to be through the roof is gonna be through the roof with that because you're keeping it totally blind. All you're doing is really teasing getting the the four month mentorship free and then you're getting them on the phone and you're pitching them on passion print or millionaire.

So that is a way does that make sense? First of all? Yeah, the alternatively we can instead of book a call. We can bring all the whatever 15 20 people on a zoom meeting all of them together and I can do a b**** put them as you can certainly do that. I'll tell you right like you're amazing obviously, um when you're in a in a group setting and so for you, I think that that is definitely a feasible alternative what I will say for what it's worth.

Is that for the average individual right? Like we know that there is nothing like a one-on-one sales call because right one-on-one allows us to deal with that individual specific concerns objections rebuttals, all that all that stuff. I'm so for the average entrepreneur, I would tell them you really want to go one-on-one but you're certainly a wizard when it comes to group and and creating energy and Vibe and whatnot. And so that's also another alternative. I'll tell you that one of the things that we do, um, Is you know for for some I wouldn't do this for a 10 or 15 K offer, but when we upgrade people from let's say a $3,000 offer to a $5,500 offer.

We do it all with marketing. We don't even drive them to a to to a call or to a session. And so there's a lot of different ways that you can do this. The point that I want you to really get is that you don't create friction and the initial pitch you pitch the one thing you get the money you close the deal then you follow up with them with the you know, like and you and especially if now you're gonna do it with a group thing. It's like congratulations.

You're one of only a handful of people that qualify like to you know, super congratulations. I'm holding a private, you know, a private kind of meat and greet and that's how I would frame it. Right like I would frame it with the least amount of friction to get them on there because then you're a wizard and you're likely gonna you know, you're gonna do Tremendous job moving them into the passionpreneur millionaire. And so does that make sense? Yeah, just one question is we have a process that initially they just put about you know, 1,500 to book a seat.

And then the pay the rest of the amount we give them out a week or two to clear the rest of the amount. When is the best time to do that? Is it when they have paid this one one point five k bring them and then do that or let them clear the full payment and wait for about a week or so and then we upgraded. Um, so what percentage of people that pay the 1.5 K. Don't pay the rest.

Is it minuscule or does everybody pay the rest? It's it's less but we did it requires a lot of chasing and calling and all that, you know for the loans and orange the funds some people do that. I don't have what I would do is um, and it's it's interesting. Right? What I would do is I would wait until the full payment cleared right?

I'd wait for the full payment to clear. First of all, I think that that's a good indication that somebody's got money right rather than like, so it's good indication that they've got money. The other thing that it allows you to do and this is the beautiful part of it. And this is why I love these kind of upgrade offers is because now right if if let's say you're the passionpreneur millionaire is 10K. Let's say it's 10K.

Well now on on the on the zoom session with you you get to talk about it as it's normally 10K, but for you today, it's only 5,500. Right. So it's only it's now 5500 ultimately giving you the four month mentorship for free. So now the decision in their mind right is no longer 10K 10K 10K 10K, like I wouldn't even be talking about the only time I would talk about the 10K is to set the frame of this is normally 10K, but because right you you've already made the investment into the four month mentorship, it comes all the way down to only 5,500 now in their mind now in their mind, they're they're thinking about the 5500 not the 10K does that means what would it not be opposite you can only use either or right first one we can say is you know, you get this passionate for free. Yeah, if you put this amount so whatever money you got you just for free you that that's one angle second angle is you know, you already invested this much for additional this you will get the old program and you get it for free.

So say that again, I'm not sure I really understand that the Nuance the difference. Yeah, I think the first one was more leading towards. Hey getting them on a meeting saying that hey you can how can you get this entire thing for free? And then I come in I pitch them that this is gonna be you know, X, whatever $10,000 if you spend $10,000 you will get it for free. No what I think it is when you're jumping on a call then you're telling them it is you just have to add 5,500 and then that would be free.

Right another words, right? Like you're you're you know, because it's you know, so when when we say to get them on the call, like I want to show you, you know, like look congratulations, man. You're you based on you know, what we know about your business and your prior business success, right and I would say it that way like make people feel good right based on what we've learned about and your prior business success you qualified to get the four month mentorship, um free then when you're right and so blah blah. Congratulations. I'm doing a special meet and greet for the small amount, you know for the handful of folks like you that qualified and it's gonna be a party and blah blah and I'm gonna tell you what this is all about and exactly How to get it free then when you are when you're pitching it, right?

So they already paid $4,500. So in other words, it's what you're saying to them is like look with passion preneur millionaire. You get the four month membership for the four month mentorship free. It's already included for you and since you are but since you already invested the 4500 now to get into passion for million, or you don't have to pay the 10 grand. We'll bring it down to 5500.

Like giving you the the four month mentorship free. You see like what we do, right what we do it like this. We'll take when people invest in our E5 masterclass the home study version and they pay whatever it is three grand right? We let them know like You know, if we let them know that here's a chance for you to get the master class free, right? Here's a chance for you to get it for free.

Right when you enroll in E5 acquisition accelerator E5 acquisition accelerator is 10 grand, but the beautiful thing is you're already invested three thousand of that 10 grand. So it's only $7,000 for you today $7,000 you get into right the passion preneur millionaire and right and you get the form of mentorship free you say. Yeah, and the interesting part is in this they're not only getting the four month Mastermind free. They'll get a club access really it's all right. Thanks and 8,000 something.

That's that's why it'll be a beautiful pitch for you when you're doing it on Zoom. It's a beautiful pitch and not only that but you also get access to the you know, the the passion preneur club, which does this for you this for you this for you this for you and you get access to this. Which also does this for you this for you this for you this for you? In total, right? Even though right even though folks are paying $10,000 for passion per new or Millionaire.

Right? This is really a and a 23,565, you know value right you you today you can jump in right and you only write the investment is only 5,500 today and that gets you free access to everything else and full membership in the passion-preneur millionaire. Congratulations, right like way to go. That's that's ultimately how you so that they're not what you don't want them to do what you don't need to do. Right is the value the normal price for the public is 10 grand right call 10 grand for passion-preneur millionaire, but you don't want to talk about the 10 grand because they don't need to spend 10 grand.

They already invested $4,500. So, why would we talk about 10 grand other than to just frame the value of it? So even though we're saying to them Get It Free right? Like they are getting it free. They are getting it free, right.

The only difference is right. They're getting it free. It's kind of like we're gonna give you back your 4500 right? We're gonna give you back your 4500 and then you pay us 10 grand or you can just keep your 45 like well like the we'll keep the 4500 and then it's only 5500. There's no different.

It's the same man. The only difference is that we get to talk to them about. It's only 5500 right or whatever. The number is and that gets you into passion for a millionaire get you the systems get you the scaling get you the teams get you this get you this and get you the form of free. And get you access to that and this and this all these things right ultimately to make sure that we scale your business to right to blah blah blah to seven figures and Beyond.

Yeah, I think it's awesome. I think it's awesome. I think we gonna do that. It's perfect. What do we do with the people who are not in the ppmc and outside of the passenger?

That's the next thing that I was gonna that I was gonna say. And so what I would do is um is is I would and this is kind of gonna kind of also bring us into the to a discussion of the email list because it pains me pains me to hear that you guys have a 200k person email list and you you do very little with it because that's I'll tell you that we can add several million dollars to your business. This is not hyperbole you're exaggeration just by nailing your email system. You got two you realize what 200,000 people look like. I mean that that is, you know stadiums of people that you're not marketing too and so good.

Thanks that you give us save you homes of people and you know, yeah and so Um, what I would do is I would I would put together an evergreen campaign that talks about I would have and it could be a video your tremendous Dev on camera. Like you're unbelievable. I see some of your videos like your stuff on on social media every now and then I'll see you and I'm like man, he's smooth. Um, but and I would I would put together like what what I would do to be kind of, you know for lack of a better phrase or lack of a better word sneaky is I would put together a video that the angle or the hook is basically the the difference between the passion preneur who hits seven figures and Beyond compared to the ones that um barely get to six figures or you know, kind of struggle to six years and break through that ceiling. and then I would talk about right so it appears like it's educational and and that the ironic thing is that is that uh, well, let me say this, right and then what I would do is I would present I would say there are there are four things or four things.

Let's say as an example right in the four things that I would share and that I would talk about would be four of the core things that you guys teach in passionpreneur millionaire. So if it's number one like it's systems and I want to tell you what we mean by that and I want to tell you the core systems that you need and I want to show you how these things will scale your business out the Wazoo blah blah number two difference between the the the seven figure earners crushing it and the folks struggling is team and what I mean, right and and so I'd be educating right? I'd be educating and overcoming objections or concerns with those things. So like you have to deal with the people that are like team is crazy. I'm scared of a team or it's an expense blah and ultimately what you're doing.

Is you're just building value for those four things? And those are the four things that they're gonna get that they're gonna learn that they're gonna be equipped with in passion-preneur Millionaire. Right? And so at the end of that video then I would just segue very naturally and very and I would do a soft pitch for this and I'll explain what I mean by that in just a second where where like, I would say Like like look this is exactly what we equip our passionpreneurs with in the passion preneur millionaire. Now, look this is for you if you meet two criteria, I'm going to tell you these two criteria and then I'll tell you exactly what to do next right to um, come on inside with me in passionpreneur Number One your business needs to be doing 150 150k.

The reason why is because blah blah you're not ready like until then you don't need number two. You're a good human being right? Like you're honest you're motivated. You're ambitious. You're excited to create breakthroughs in your business using right using these four methods plus if you meet that criteria, then here's exactly what to do next.

And then the call to action would either be for you a call schedule a call or would be I want you to attend a private passionpreneur millionaire sneak peek right with me jump on where I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna give you the detail the boom and then go register and then right then they would get on your on your zoom and so the beauty With that kind of marketing campaign right is that it's education based and so you can trigger that bad boy for everybody on your list, right like everybody on your list and you can trigger that you can trigger that campaign every six weeks seven weeks people have a short memory man. It's unbelievable. We release campaigns to our email list, which is is the next thing that we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna really dive into we release the same campaign like we do when we do campaigns. This is an important thing for you guys to to just wrap your your head around and I know that we've talked about this before because you you guys are really pros at the live, you know, the live model, um, but we have campaigns that they're done once like all the emails to get people over to the to the to the marketing page the sales page all the emails to follow up all the deadlines.

We use Dynamic deadlines for everybody. So let's say when somebody goes over to the sales page, every person has let's say four days. I it doesn't matter whether they go there today or they go there, you know tomorrow they have four days. Right? And so all of those are done they're done done and then we'll trigger that campaign for everybody on our list that let's say is not a buyer of the product that we're promoting.

They haven't bought the product that we're promoting yet. And let's say that they're not a buyer of that and they're not in top one. We'll launch it. And then what do we do six weeks later? We launch it again to the whole list.

And then what do we do after that six weeks later. We launch it again to the whole list, right? And it's amazing how every single time we launch we launch the campaign even six weeks later not six months later six weeks later, right what happens boom sound the same amount of sale same amount of conversion same amount of everything comes in. It's baffling. It's crazy.

Right? It's crazy because the thing that you guys really need to understand that you guys need to recognize this right? So let's say Dev, you're a beast on camera like Of tremendous on count on Zoom. I don't even know what you're closing rate is I probably don't even want to know because it's gonna make me feel inadequate but let's just assume for one second that it's a 10% conversion rate, right? I'm just gonna use that for simple math math purposes.

Well, here's the thing to recognize we often talk about, you know, this 10% 10% conversion rate like right, but what we neglect to talk about often is what percentage of the list of the list actually even saw the offer Forget what percentage of the people that saw the offer or attended the event bought what percentage of the list even saw the offer so sometimes people like right like wow, man, we only converted a 10% but yet 90% of your list never even saw the offer. Like 90% of the list might not have even gone over to the web page right to see the thing. So they don't even know so six weeks later when we roll it out again. Boom, you get more people that six weeks later. We roll that out again because what we're ultimately doing right is when we've got an offer that works is we're chipping away at the percentage of people that never even saw it.

Right. So right you get it right and more often than not that percentage of people on your list that saw the offer could be five percent. Maybe let's keep it real simple and say 10% of the people on your list Saw the offer 20,000 people saw the saw the saw the offer right? So that means that there's a hundred and eighty thousand people that never even saw the offer. And so the before I go in does that make sense?

Yes. Yes. Okay. So as it relates to your to the email list and so I just want to be okay. So we have a little bit of time.

So as it relates to the to the email list, so tell me first before I give you a recommendation because I don't want to overwhelm you here. I will say this that the right email system. Like I said a few moments ago the right email system, I believe for your business would add multiple millions of dollars in 2023, right if we kick it off at the beginning of the year and we run a solid email system. I believe that it can add multiple Millions to your business and I don't even mean a dialed like a dialed spot on email system because I don't even believe there is one but what I do believe is that I don't want a week to go buy without people on my list having the opportunity to buy I don't Want a week to go by the only exception to that and I'll this is more appropriate for you guys than it is for us. but is what I really should say I should have phrased it differently and say I don't want a week to go by where there is not marketing activity that is moving.

Somebody closer to buying doesn't mean that they have to buy that week. Right? So if you're doing a pre pre-launch for an event, you're doing a buildup you're doing anticipation that to me is marketing. It's serving a purpose of right at a future date. We're gonna extract the value that we're we're building here, but you you don't want a week to go by without without moving your your folks on your list one step closer to buying something.

And so I'll tell you that the my if if I got to spend time with you guys like a week with you guys. The very first thing that I would look at is I would look at how often are we nailing the list and how often are we mailing the list with something that gives them the ability to engage with a marketing campaign and I'll tell you that that and I've seen it in our business and I've seen it in in so many top one clients because this is I've been on a tirade lately about email because you have no idea how many top one people show up to these planning sessions and they're like, you know, I mail my list and newsletter once a week or something like that or I mail them to a YouTube video and when we change it revenue revenue just skyrockets. The the reality is I would tell you me I'd be mailing the list every single day and more often than not I'd be mailing them twice a day. And so the question then becomes right? Well, what are we mailing them?

And so without getting to In The Weeds right here because I I'm gonna be doing a very deep deep training on this at our next top one experience. But this is what we do and this is what I recommend. Um, you do so, let me try to let me let me try to say this. It's so we we use so what we do is Every week we are lead generating out of our own house list, right? So we're lead generating out of our own house list.

What do I mean by that? I do not mean that we're sending them to a squeeze page or something like that. That's not what I mean. What I mean is that let's take let's say we have an offer. I don't care what the offer is right?

It's offer a well, what we do is we we have all of our campaigns are built on two sequences two email sequences. These are two email sequences that work together. Okay. So the all of our campaigns all of our email campaigns sending people to these offers they they are built on two email sequences. The first email sequence is the email sequence that is ultimately the lead generator.

The email sequence is three days. It's two emails a day goes for us. We do 8:30 AM 8:30 pm. And so let's say that that's Monday Tuesday Wednesday. So those emails are basically Teaser emails about the content that is being shared in the marketing message.

So let's go back for example for a second to the to what we talked about with the passionpreneur millionaire where I said, let's put together a video. That's like look what's the difference between the seven figure and the six-figure passion preneur, like what if there are four differences four things that anybody can do right that I see all the time with my seven-figure passion for Norris compared to the six-figure people who but up against it, right? Well now for three days with two emails a day, we're going to talk in some way shape or form about like just recorded a new video for you shows the difference between seven figure and six figure, you know passion preneurs, right? There are four key elements and and anybody can do this. I think you'll find this this video wildly valuable click here.

That's an example of one email and then at night we Have another email that goes out and it's a little bit of a different angle. Right? Like it might be there are four reasons for missing components that keep passionpreneurs stock at six figures or less. I recorded a video for you that shows you how to fix those four issues. To blah blah click here day two same thing day three same thing with a different angle a different a different variation.

Right? Like if you've ever wanted to see behind the behind the the curtain of a seven figure business and what they're doing differently from you, you're gonna be extremely excited because in this video I pull back the curtain give you access that you would normally never have right and show you the difference between the big earners and the ones struggling if you've ever wondered you're gonna devour this bad boy and love it. Go here. It's another it's three emails now about the same the same topic. Now what happens and this is the important part what happens is let let's let's say that they somebody clicks on any one of those emails any Link in any one of those emails.

What happens is they immediately get taken out of that sequence? So we did the job that sequence did its job to get them to raise their hand and identify themselves as being interested in the difference between seven figure and six-figure earners, which is the heart and soul of the video that that we talked about right? There are immediately removed from from that from that sequence. Now, they're put into what we call a conversion sequence and the conversion sequence is to ultimately drive them to take the action that we're presenting at the end of the video at the end of the right. So in your case it is right, like, you know, you learned about you know, you now know the difference between seven figure and six figure earners.

Now the next step is free for you is to come behind the scenes with me in the passion for millionaire sneak peek right go ahead here and register your seat right now, right? Like that's the right for the for the conversion sequence. That's it what we do for for what it's worth is three time anytime somebody goes to when somebody goes into that conversion sequence. So first sequence is an interest sequence or click sequence second sequence is the conversion sequence the moment that somebody clicks the link in the interest sequence right The Click sequence and goes over to that video there. We have a deadline.

There is a deadline for them to respond. We never we try to never roll stuff out without a deadline. I cannot tell you this is right marketing 101 and yet every time we've neglected it right thinking we know better right? We know we don't need a deadline right? Like it's we bomb compared to when we have a deadline and so we you we always use Dynamic deadlines.

So it's not a fixed date deadline, right? So it's not fixed date right meaning that what happens is when somebody goes into the conversion sequence now, they're gonna get two emails a day for four days. And on the last day the last day is your typical. Hay today is the last day for you to go ahead and respond for you to go ahead and join us for you to go ahead and and um and register blah blah blah, right and every person goes through the same sequence. So it's not like the difference between a dynamic deadline and a fixed date deadline is fixed date.

Somebody might only go through one email and then all of a sudden the next day is the deadline here with a dynamic deadline. Everybody goes through the same process. So our numbers are metrics become more reliable right become more reliable. Now the beauty of this the beauty of this system is this and I want I want to be clear about this is that well what happens if you send out when you send out a the interest sequence The Click sequence the first sequence of the two right of the two And somebody gets two emails a day for three days and doesn't click on any of them. What happens?

Nothing, they're done. Why because they didn't indicate interest, right? So they never hear about the the passion for nor millionaire sneak peek the deadline or anything like that so that you're not pitching people that didn't express interest. So we're using that initial click sequence to get people to raise their hand and say yeah man, I really want to know the difference between the seven figure and the six figure. I really write.

Um, I really want to know the the difference the people that never raise their hand because maybe they're like, I don't mean I'm not I'm at a 2000 dollars. I don't need to know that like cool then at the end of that those three days they're done. They're removed from that sequence. And the only people that are getting the conversion sequence are the people that click the link and express interest and went over to the video. That's what I mean.

When I say we're lead generating out of the out of the list. We're using that initial click to identify who's interested so that we only pitch who's interested and then all we do, Right is after that. Like what we'll do is then the next week on Monday. We trigger a different click sequence and conversion sequence for a different offer. And so all we're really doing until we when until we roll out a new offer whenever that is but we have enough offers where we don't need to roll now is we'll week one.

We release offer one the sequence the whole nine we take the list and just go boom. It's done and it's Dynamic. So it works on its own week two everybody. That's no longer in that sequence. Boom.

We put week two we put them in sequence the offer B for you know, sequence B for offer B week three see week four D. And then let's say we only have hypothetically we only had four offers. What would we do the next week if we weren't releasing anything new we'd roll back out sequence a and so we just are constantly it's done once All the the debt nothing needs to be updated or changed. It's just a beautiful. It's a beautiful thing.

And so that's ideally where I would love to see us go for you guys. But like look at a bare minimum, you got to start you got to mail your list and mail your list often. You got you got to keep you got to stay out in front of them. You got it like that. There's monster value.

In that list. There is Monster value in that list. There's a number that's been tossed around in the online marketing world. You probably know it. I mean, I I think it reality is in in your type of business.

The number is low, but they talk about right you should be extracting a dollar per person on your on your email list every month, right that would be oh that would be almost 2.5 million dollars for you if it was only a dollar Write that in other words, if you only extracted a dollar per person on average from your email list per month, that would be an additional 2.5 for you and my gut tells me is that in your business. It would be substantially more because of your higher ticket, you know, your higher ticket offers and because you're so freaking good. Right, but you gotta move people you have this monster asset that like is just sitting there. It's crazy. It's it's money that you are leaving on the table.

And so does that make sense? It's something to think about things a mind-blowing mind blowing advice as a lot of gaps that we realize that she's made a lot of notes that we're gonna start going to implement. I think both the advice are really really beautiful. So I do want to give one more I want to talk about the last question. Okay, I have five minutes and then I got to jump on another call.

I'm a little over but I want to get to this so the the passion for nor partnership. So this is an interesting thing. So I just want to be crystal clear about this or I want to make sure that I have clarity about this. So this is ultimately taking people from the passion preneur millionaire group that you may want to partner with on a more intimate level where you're getting maybe Equity you're getting a piece of their business, right? So the I'll tell you this that I'll give you this one piece of advice.

And then what we can do if you want after you after you take this advice we can then do another call to just talk about this and I would bring Damian on as well with us. Um since he's heavily involved in this the very first thing that you want to do that you need to do because we've made this mistake before is you need to get clear on the exact criteria of the business that you are looking to partner with meaning like right like it. It could be right they have to have at least one effective front end working right now and they have to have at least one effective backend. They have to have a marketing team with at least a copyrighter and a tech person. They have to be willing to invest x amount in Media or something like that.

You have to come up with your own criteria because that's the most important. Thing Once you have that criteria the conversation and the the the pitch if you will is going to be brain dead simple because people are gonna let people are gonna jump want to jump at the opportunity like who wouldn't want to work with you and have you as a partner right like and you know, like if you can grow their business by 10x and they give you 15% of that like it's a no-brainer, you know what I mean? Like I'd rather have you know, I'd rather have 90 80% of 10 million then a hundred percent of 500 Grand right? And so it's it's a no-brainer, but you need to become clear on. On who do we want to work with based on what it is that you're willing to do and not willing to do are you going to create marketing campaigns?

Are you willing to write copy? Are you gonna review um ad creative. Are you gonna are you gonna set them up with systems or you're gonna do none of those things? Do you want to be a near consultant or do you want to play an active role The Clarity on the type of relationship that you want and who you want to work with and what they need to have in place. You have to be crystal clear on once your crystal clear on that criteria that the rest is the easy part.

So you will not be you will not have a problem getting Partnerships because again, it's a no-brainer for people but you what you don't want to do which I've done before is get myself into Partnerships where I'm like man this is just a cluster like this is a disaster their business is a disaster, like holy cow the amount of work that we're gonna need to do to get them. To to a point where they can really scale the way that we need them to is going to be a nightmare and so we've learned right? We've learned we look at you know, you you like you you have to be as specific concrete as you possibly can with the criteria that you're looking for might be you might have a profit. Margin number that like, right you don't want somebody that's living by the skin of their teeth and their business. You don't want somebody that has a bloated a bloated operations Department.

You want somebody with high margins you want to make sure let's say you might and all these are subjective and based on what you ultimately want. You you might want somebody that is charging. Um high prices. You also certainly want to look at. What is the what's the market that they're in is it a market that's trending up and is growing what's their total addressable market look like right?

What what's the competition? You know, um look like a is there a natural back end built in there? Is there a natural high ticket back-end build it built in there. Is there an opportunity for continuity in there? Like all of these things are incredibly important because you want to you want to go in you really just want to you want to like add, you know add grease to the fire.

That's what you you don't want to right. You. Just want to increase to the fire. You want to see an opportunity where you're like man if I if my eyes were on this business and my direction was more intimate with them they would scale three x four if they would be making monster money, right? That's what you want.

What you don't want is wow, there's a huge opportunity and they're just like they're just getting started the getting started people nightmare nightmare like and I I mean get just getting started that that could be they're making, you know, two hundred thousand three hundred thousand like that's So get clear on the criteria and then what we can do is and we could I could even do it with just bronze or just you Dev whatever so I know that it's rare that you guys get together. But um and then we'll jump on me. Damian will go over the criteria with you guys and then we'll walk you through how simple it is to take that criteria and now identify who could be the right fit those conversations are easy. They're gonna be Head Over Heels thrilled like most people when we when we they're pitching us like, you know what I mean, they're picture and so we have to start off and tell them like listen, there are zero promises whatsoever. Like we're we're really like go, you know partner with somebody unless the business is perfect.

And so but does that make sense? Yeah, we have few people already showing interest and we are pitching for 50/50. I know we don't have time right now, but you know, they're people ready for even 50 50 partnership, but they're like 200k something. So not not to the big level a lot of work with So I think we require a different discussion in at the year run. No, we don't have time.

Yes. So you put together that you know that initial criteria and then bronze just reach out to Glenda whatever whether it's next week or something like that. And um, and and then we'll just we'll we'll get it on the the schedule ASAP and we'll cover it and then you guys will be off and and running and that'll be a nice part of your your whole like portfolio. It's a great feeling. It's a cool feeling when you see like man, we got this little you know, this this business over here that you skyrocketing right and you're like, you know, just throwing on your hot sauce on it and so very good cool.

Thank you. Good to see you good awesome you as well love seeing you guys together travel safe and can't wait to talk soon. And so like I said reach out to Glenda when you're ready. We'll jump on again. So you why?
