---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-11 21:31:59"
date: 2022-11-11
duration: 39m
duration_seconds: 2356
vimeo_id: 770056612
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-11 21:31:59

**Date:** 2022-11-11 | **Duration:** 39m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, Jeff? How you doing? Man? Good man. Good to see you the U.

That's everything. Everything is good man. How's everything with you? What's going on? Brad?

Things are good. How's it going, man? All good, man. All good. Brad collinan from 9pm on a Friday night dedication right there.

I love it man. That is well. We'll make it quick and efficient. And so I appreciate you jumping on though. Yeah, like what Brad thanks for making time for us.

Of course. Yep, for sure for sure. So I've got um, I'm gonna let you kind of steer the ship. I am just gonna bring up the the stuff that you sent over but steer the ship man and tell me where you want to go. So We're Off to the Races here with this funnel it at first Brad and I were Not quite sure if it was it was a winning campaign or not.

Now we're about two weeks in since we first started getting traffic and it does look like it's it's all coming together nicely and things are people partners are happy with the traffic the performance and you know, we're we're running into pop. Yeah high quality issues right now with for like we're we're maxing at our mids and things like that, which is great problem to have we we like we're worried about the aov off. The bat wasn't the same as about 20% lower than our memory offer. And I I met I made I made a mistake of offering a probably a slightly too high CPA to kick things off. We've reduced the CPA and now and the AVS come up a bit.

So things are looking quite good at least better. So we're we're just kind of at this point where we we kind of know what we need to do and we're gonna add in some we mainly which one get the AV up and be out slightly. We didn't launch with with more than one those two upsells unlike our previous funnel where we had them all built out before we even launched. So yeah, we're just like we're quite happy with with the conversion rates really strong. It's actually better than our previous offer.

it's just kind of getting aov up is the issue and we're we were kind of a little concerned about the take rate of a six bottle buyers. That's like the big thing that Brad and I were worried about compared to our previous funnel. So that was one of the things we wanted to just Chat with you about was just some ideas for things. Maybe we could we could try out. Yeah.

Well, let me let me ask you this just before we even get into. Um, so and correct me if I'm mistaken. So I want to make sure that I'm I'm understanding these numbers, correct. So the thing that immediately jumps out to me, um, the difference between reawaken and and nerve rescue is the percentage of people that are taking the one bottle um over here, right the difference between these two and so right the overall so another words, right? Like right off the bat with your aov is being skewed down because the the larger percentage of people are taking advantage of the one bottle.

Whereas over here the majority we're taking advantage of if you look at that person between these three they're taking the three bottle and so one of the very first things that I would do and I think I talked very little bit about this in the critique that I sent over but I would try to skew people to the three bottle and that's where what I would do is I would just constantly like I'd work on I'd add things to the offer. So like, you know, I would do even more to prop up the um to prop up the offer and I I know like I know that that's not a huge, you know, we'll talk about the the upsell in in a second. But the very first thing that I I would do is I would attempt to skew people to move people to the Three Bottle. That's the huge that's a huge difference right here and that's wildly right? It's significantly impacting your aov.

Yes, and it's you know, If you're already spent $177, you're probably more likely to take an upsell, right? There's just right just there's that as well. Yeah. No that definitely jumped out. We made some changes to the offer presentation.

Like we removed the free shipping. We removed the discount language in the in that column. We made the other two look they columns larger, you know with wise it did help out with the aov and so that did help we just you know, it's bread. Now, we're just brainstorming different things we could do to kind of move people from the one to the three so that was you know, Brad has ideas around like the language and the clothes and you know, staring people towards the three and the six bottles. I would love to Brad go ahead and just real quick jump in and share the ideas.

Yeah, so the original clothes was. There was a little bit of upselling like, you know, the clinical studies show like while the the relief comes fast, you're gonna feel even deeper relief over time the clinical studies crew with the customer stories prove it, but it was just very quick. And that worked fine for the memory offer, but it's a different audience. This is one that's gonna be a lot more skeptical and if you're kind of almost selling it like as an instant painkiller, I think they're gonna be more likely to take the one bottle. Try it out.

See if it works and then potentially buy more if it does work or at least that's their mindset. So my idea was I started doing this today was a sort of build out even more of that close and talk about how You know the whole thing in the VSR these kind of attacks and that are attacking employees and in your nerves. So be something like, you know, these you know while this starts working quickly these toxins are all around us. They're always going to be coming at you. So if you really want to see long-term permanent success.

The truth is, you know, you need to keep taking this and the clinical that's why the clinical studies show that the results just get better over time as more of it builds up into your body and I feel like I have the moral obligation to make sure that you take this over the long term and see the best results because I've seen what it can do for you know, the people who do that and that's why I'm gonna give you this discount today. So that would be the newer New Age copy and I'm just paraphrasing what I wrote but yeah. Yeah, maybe a significant difference. Yeah. So look, you know, let me say this first before I share before I gives not feedback, but just my perspective.

Let me let me say this right that it goes without saying that that we're in the we're in the what game not the why game right Bill Bonner said that from a Gore this idea that right oftentimes. I don't know why stuff works. But what I care about most is what does work there are things that I think are gonna work that don't work and then there are things that I think That aren't going to work are going to work. And so I share that um, just because any viable idea that doesn't have a blatant, you know error in it. I I would say it's worth testing.

So right so and I'm sharing that Prior to what it is that I'm about to say. So I'm just keep that in mind. So meaning I would I would test it. I would you know not where I would go and this is not to say that this is the the right way. This is just where my where I would go is I would be a little bit hesitant or a little bit reluctant to play around with the CTA copy because we have to be careful.

It's it's gonna become a balancing act that you don't you don't build the case for the three bottles but yet suppress overall conversion rate. So another words right? Like you don't want to take the wind out of the sails of this, um, immediate relief like you don't want to leave anybody with the impression that this is gonna take a long time for you to experience the benefits. So you just got to tiptoe with that Brad, right? You've got to meet that balance of like right like you don't want to take the wind out of the sales of the immediate relief while you're building the For for long term usage.

And so where my mind goes is what I said, um at the beginning in that what where I would be going is I would be going to how do we once somebody has decided that they want this how do we push them to the um to the to the three to the three bottles and where I would put my emphasis is um is is not not by changing the argument of the efficacy or the speed of efficacy or the long-term efficacy of the product itself, but I would try to bolster that that offer like I would be thinking about so I know you've got those like two reports on there for me for me. I would think about what what I would think about is if there was one piece of information Let's say one piece of information that would be wildly valuable to these people that they would like if there was an and this is where you got a blue sky it forget what you could deliver on for a second forget. What is is feasible forget what you could come up with but if there was one piece of information one special report that you could give them that they would see as insanely valuable like that something they wouldn't normally get access to something that and I don't know what that is. That really would come from you Brad and your understanding of the marketplace, but that's where I'd be looking to make that stuff juicy like nobody's business where like, right they would pay for a report like that rather than just let's you know, let's all for two reports that are kind of cool. It's a luxury it's not it's nothing special.

It's nothing I would look to say, what are the one or two reports? Like what's the one report that I could put in that three bottle that? Is like dang I got to get that and see what's inside that that's the way that I would be approaching it. So again, you know because You do run the risk, when you change the CTA copy of impacting the overall conversion rate. And so you could almost while you could potentially skew people, you know, move more people to the Three Bottle You could also suppress overall conversion rate.

It's worth a test. You just gotta maintain that balance, but for me, I'd be thinking again. Like what's the juiciest thing that we could add in there man? That would make them that would have them salivating if there is something Yeah, It's tricky because yeah these people buy and then they don't get the product for a week, you know, they're just gonna yeah, I was talking to Brad about you know, I'd buy your course or Ryan dice's course and like yeah, there's always that it's like you buy a course and you'd be like, all right, here's my 20 previous courses for five yeah $20,000 for you can have immediate access to it and then you're like, oh my what isn't that isn't that Jeff really an argument in favor that much more of a report yes. Yes.

So another words like is is there a report like the you know, like let's say, you know, I'm just gonna throw something out there I'm gonna and and tell me Brad you correct me if I'm totally mistake and on this but I would have to think that fast pain relief is like the priority is that is that am I right in that that like Fast pain relief they want to get out of that they want to get out of that pain as fast as possible, is that accurate 100% so then like right like a potential report that what since it's gonna take a week to arrive or whatever it is. This is a report that they can use tonight to you know to alleviate nerve pain or to reduce nerve pain or you know, I don't know if they're special terminology like a Nerf and a Nerf flare-up to instantly, you know cool nerve flare up like the one move you can do tonight. You can do instantly like to and right that's language that you have to play with to be FTC blah blah, but the point being like put something in their hands immediately that they can use now that they see they can use now to get relief while they're waiting for the product to arrive right? That's a great. We agree 100% we've talked about this Brad.

We're just kind of you know, I don't know if there's any perceived real value with the ebooks like we kind of yeah, they were you know you and I could you know, you could Like I think that you have an opportunity to do the you know do like and it doesn't have to be an ebook. It could be an eight-page report. Like it could be a seven page report. It doesn't have to be like it doesn't have to be an e-book. Right?

The reality is like this. That's the beauty really of using special reports. This way is that it's something that you can have whipped up that's seven pages of 14 point font two column like with images in there like it doesn't right as long as it fulfills on the promise or the title of the report, but then you've got the ability to ask yourself. What is the what is the most compelling thing that we can put in their hands right now from their Viewpoint and then we create a report around it. That's really for what it's worth without going down a crazy Rabbit Hole path.

That is really Jeff the beauty of the entire Agora model in their Alternative Health division in there in their financial division, even though again, they're selling newsletters. They're not selling physical product the beauty is because they're marketing is so premium driven what they get to do all the time. They meet the product is the same the product they they leave the same and what they do is just say what's the freaking thing that's gonna drive these people wild that we could put together in a seven page or eight page report and then and I would have that image of that special report. Like I'd have the three bottles A plus sign the Special Report have the Special Report have it show value. Oh, you know 39 dollars or whatever or whatever it is that it is on there.

But the hook of that of that report should be something that those people say dang. Yeah, like I pay for this, right, right and we've we've yes we put around with different. is giving them a free bottle of something else whatever and I just like the instant, you know, getting something incidentally that actually Doesn't require them the weight. Yeah that definitely something we we touched on. So yeah, thanks Todd that makes sense to us Brad and I'll get to work on that for sure.

We did like something I want to ask you Todd is like I just looking at the offer area. If you had any ideas around just the presentation. I don't know if that's like we designed it pretty well. I think it's pretty clean. Look pretty good.

I mean, I think we I don't know. I don't know if you have any ideas around that if you just double if you yeah for shows up you might yeah, we we changed it, you know to accentuate the three in the sixth bottle, you know, do we put a best do we put a most popular burst above the Three Bottle, you know is anything jumping out to you like we could maybe because this you know, this is what we identify as the low-hanging fruit just quick and easy, right? It doesn't require much work, right? Yeah. So yeah, so I mean I I think overall man.

It looks great. Like I think that it does look it looks great from a you know from a conversion perspective. Like I said, what what I would do is I would I I would take each report. I'd have a plus underneath. I'd have a report I'd have right make it bigger.

So that like it's hard to even see what those are these to me. I'll tell you these to me right here are there I would have to say that nobody is looking at these things and saying like yeah, that's that's the that's why I'm doing this and so right there's a way to use those special reports. So people see that and go dang. That's that's what I need the thing plus report right where they can see the title. They can see the the name right Starburst value.

You know, what 29 39 whatever it is plus second report Boom Big so they can see what it is. Um, Um Starburst and I would make the U-Save bigger so that right make these bigger with the with the images leave. This as is make the you save right like um bigger. That's what I would test. Okay?

Yeah, there's definitely a high perceived value. I mean reports versus ebook like ebook seems to me like, yeah, like that's you know, like report sounds more, right and yeah, especially and again man, it's that's and that's what you know, I don't mean to keep eating a dead horse. But like right you gotta you know, the magic isn't in offering special reports. The magic is in what you're offering in those special reports. And that's the thing.

That's where like Brad you've got to ask yourself like look if there was if there was a special report that I could offer these people, right? What do I think people would legitimately spend $29 to buy if there was any Port that I could put together like I can wave a magic wand and have a report put together. What would that be? That's where we begin and right likely what you're gonna come up with is something that you can't fulfill on like right how to do one thing tonight, you know, and and you're paying never never come but what's the closest we can get to that and that's and that's what I would What I would what I would what I would have awesome, that's definitely helpful Todd. Thank you.

Yeah, and I want to give can can I give another can I point out one other thing just little thing not related to this but related to the upsell and this is something to just um, just test right. I'm not you know again, I don't know right but this is just something that I would. That I would encourage you to test. I believe that and so this is a copy of the script that you you sent over. And so I believe that we're seeing a shift towards people responding to more authentic messaging and less professional polished Messaging and what I mean by that is that you know, you have a on the upsell you have a very a professional voice over talent and it sounds like a professional voice over talent.

Like I'm like this guy's voice is like butter right? Like it's just beautiful like the whole but it's butter. That's unbelievable. Right? And and so right like, you know, like look if it was a message from the CEO from the founder of the company and it was like, you know, it was like Hey, congratulations, you know, we just got your your order in look.

My name is Bob. I'm the founder and CEO of nerve blah blah. I want to congratulate you on an amazing decision. And I also want to tell you blah blah like that comes across like all that. You don't feel like you're being sold.

You don't feel like you're being pitched you're filter doesn't immediately go up and so my recommendation is next time I would test a very like chilled casual. Um, citation rather than a voiceover and the second thing in line with that and I highlighted these two, um in red is I would you know, because I believe that that people uh, especially in in the Alternative Health the health the wellness Market people are becoming more skeptical they're more skeptical and more jaded than ever before right because they're pounded with claims and right and so it's almost like they're BS detector is constantly on looking for anything that seems remotely close to being inaccurate or untrue right? It's almost like they're looking for the things so that they can say out like not not true. And so I think that it's so important that you avoid anything that makes people say that's not really true like this is like that's not really true and so over here when you say you say the two things you say congratulations. We just received your order and the guys in the warehouse are packing up your supply as we speak.

I just click the button two seconds ago. Yeah, right. Like I just click the button no one's putting my voice. So another words right off the bat the third thing the third sentence in this thing is questionable now, it's one thing if you said right in the next couple of minutes, The guys in the warehouse will begin packing up your order to ship out that I can believe right like that. I can believe but the fact that I just clicked it two seconds ago immediately says to me like no one's packing my order and so if you're if you're already fudging then what else is is fudged the other thing that you said over here right before you start taking nerve rescue.

I have something very important to share with you. In fact, I stayed up all night making this video, right? No, you didn't and here's the thing. Right? Like that's the thing right like and it's not and I get it.

It's it's good. Copy Brad like it is it's good copy, right? But it's like, you know, what what happens is they come on like this video has been up like right like, you know, stop it. Okay, these people are coming from Affiliates. They've seen these a bajillion times a bajillions.

And so it's almost like you've got to you want to come across not the same as everybody else because they're gonna apply the same filter to your stuff that they've learned to apply to everybody else's stuff. Right? And so like it's why I say all the time, you know in saturated and crowded marketplaces you not only have to differentiate and and right but you have to come across and show up differently. If you show up the same the same exact way with the same kind of feel and Pitch. They immediately put you in that bucket their filter immediately gets applied to you the way it's getting applied to everybody to everybody else's and so, um, you know, and so those little kind of those little statements like just really shouldn't be in there because it just creates this like, you know, like why gamble on creating a sense of Doubt with something that is is Really unnecessary to the overall sales message.

You know you conversion. No, like no right? No one's. like because they're like, well this dude stayed up all night making this thing. I better watch this right?

I'm gonna buy you know what? I mean? Yeah. And so, you know, it's one thing to say, right? I have something really important to share with you and that's why I took the time to record this special video.

Right, like that's that's different. That's okay. I can understand that right like I get that like if you want to say that like I get it and so you just really want to be sensitive like I would just continue to encourage you and this is the same encouragement that I got to give my team all the time and that is right. Like remember man, you're talking to a real person who's been exposed to so many claims. They're jaded.

They're guarded they're skeptical. They see it. They see a follow-up offer. Right like they see another video and they're like, here we go. Right like here it is.

Like I'm getting pitched and so we want to try to diffuse that, you know, like the diffuse that right away almost like I'll tell you one another thing as crazy as this is gonna sound that I would test It's crazy. Just test it right test. We don't test it. is a let me move this thing out of the way is um, is is this area? Is this whole area?

I would test not having it. Yeah, I would test not having it and I would test saying like, you know, something like um, you know important message about your order what you have here, like, you know, watch this short message, you know for important details about your order and then right like I would start off, you know, when when you say in the You know like you could you could do an open loop with congratulations. We just got your order in the next few minutes the guys in the warehouse are gonna begin packing it up and shipping for you and in a moment, I'm gonna tell you exactly what you can um, what you can expect, you know, in terms of when it when it arrives first, right? So like you're teasing that there's important information about your order right first, I want to congratulate you. I want you to get excited about like boom and then you could go into the rest of the stuff and then there at the very end of the video you can say, right and your order will be shipped and it'll arrive within the next handful of days or blah blah.

But so you're you're using this page to to really just like what it's an interesting thing because we used to use this so that People didn't feel like their order was done. Right like their order was done and I believe now that when today that when people see this their filter is still up, right and so I like to bring them to a page that looks like all right, you can breathe relax like chill like you're done congratulations cool, but now but here's an important message right about your order, please be sure to watch the entire message before continuing and then right you open it up killed right? Like hey congratulations, your order is not you know, your order is received blah blah. Hey, my name is Bob and the CEO and founder of the company in a moment. I'm gonna tell you exactly what you can expect about the arrival of your order and what you're gonna find in your box first.

I want to do two things one. I want to congratulate you on that because here's what you can expect you're now got your nerve pain under control too. I want to be sure you realize that. Here's the long-term play. for you to be successful a long term with your nerve pain and blah blah is this and then I'd go into the spiel about that and then in the end, I would come back right with um, You know like the and what you can expect is inside you'll find your bottle.

Right, whatever right? You know what I'm saying? It's such an important on the whatever the navigation across the top you want to because you know what it is right remember, right? Like it's it's one of these things that I've said before Jeff that you know, there are things that start out as a pattern interrupt like there are things that are new like when we first started doing, you know, upsells one click upsells. And this was like, you know, like, you know, it was new it was all new and different and nobody really knew what to expect now everybody knows what to expect everybody knows what's going on.

Nobody's nobody's like wondering like, you know, what what customized means and so what happens now I'm engaging with this video. Now I'm engaging with this video knowing what it my filter is up. And so what I like to do is I like to I want them to breathe like relax put your feelings. This is it there's almost right. It's it's a thank you page.

Congratulations. Thank you agree Todd. Yeah. No, that's great. For sure.

Yeah that the take rate on the upsell is not the same as it was for for our previous offer. I think part of that might be just the mids need to get warmed up and there's a high decline rate. That's a small small reason why but I definitely yeah for someone to go from like a 69 dollar purchase to 234 is is quite the quite the job. Yeah, so that's part of it as well. But we had to offer timed Brad and I realize the off the offer drop was probably timed incorrectly.

We put it in the wrong spot and that might have been a factor but you know, that's something but we're gonna add in another upsell like a we're gonna add in an ala like a Something like kind of like a booster upsell. We think that'll I we think that'll actually really help things out a lot. It's very aligned with the core offer. So we're gonna get that added pretty soon. But yeah, you guys are right there.

I mean like, you know, we there we um, no, my partner did had nerve offer and he said the aov was lower and you know, it was the refund rate was high and you know, that's just the nature of this category. So, you know reawaking was a real home run that thing, you know 250 aov no optimizations off of that. I mean that thing was was pretty pretty killer. So to compare this to that it's a good good kind of basis for comparison. But yeah, if we can get close to if we can get the we have to teach 20.

Yeah, we're paying us $100 CPA right now. If we can get the aov up to two fifteen two twenty we'd be that'd be yeah pretty pretty perfect. So yeah, so I think we're on the right track. We're at like to AV is like 208 today. So yeah, man, we're happy.

We're pleased with this. We're glad we got a launch finally. It's been a couple months coming. Yeah. Congratulations.

You guys are doing great and that's all dude. It's not like you got two offers that like, you know, like you you're doing great man. Thank you. Yeah you right. It's been a cool ride.

We're just we're glad that we can get we're really catch January now, so that's a big thing with for you know for our space January. Yeah. We're getting some some traction here. And yeah, all's good man. Thank you again for all your help with the copy.

It's all Brad man. Brad's a beast. It's easy listening and I'll say this it's easy to go in and critique coffee. That's the truth. Right?

It's easy. Anybody, you know, it's easy to critique coffee, right? I'm sure I could send Brad my copy and I'm sure he could critique it as well as I could critique his and so, you know Kudos man, like that's it's not easy to do what you what you're doing. And so you guys are doing you guys are doing great and you're right there like, you know, take some of this and let me know like we're there's absolutely there's zero reason why we're we shouldn't be able to to get you to aov where you guys want to be like you're right there and so great. Yeah.

I mean we if we're break even the first month or like yeah, it's all good. We're just getting getting things going here. So that's just we're just collecting data and Yeah, we're gonna have to do some tweaks and we'll get there. I'm pretty sure yeah. No, this is not like yeah this call with Utah is not like Like a like code red fire alarm like oh, I know I know wasn't some ideas and pointers and I think we'll be able to run with it.

So this has been very helpful. I think awesome. Sure. Yeah anything else Brad, we like didn't run by him that we might have discussed. I think we kind of touched on everything, right?

I think so. Yeah, nothing else. Nothing else with the upsell one Todd right like that jumped out at all. No, no just like I said the like just the just what I said in you know, just I I would it's you know in the in the future right you I would test like a chill not a you know, not a deep soothing, you know professional voice over and and yeah, yeah, other than that, no, man one last idea. I want to just run by you.

This is just, you know, it might be a bad idea. But if you go back to the offer presentation on the landing page if you click through to the one bottle checkout page so like I'm wondering if it would make sense to redirect people from this page to the other to check like there eats their own unique page, right? Yeah, not like yeah, there's not enough. Yeah ability to like You know check, you know check which one you want and just adjust. So in order to yeah, someone go from this page to the sub.

Yeah Three Bottle page. They have to go back and then there's a click through to the The Three Bottle page. So it's two clicks. I don't know an idea was just like So just like maybe a banner across the top like hey, yeah last chance to take advantage of the Three Bottle, you know, well so here so the only thing that I would potentially test so again, right I would be you know, I would be careful. I would be again reluctant to you're almost putting up a banner on the page.

That's like, hey don't proceed go back and get the get the three thing like, yeah. The only thing that I would I would potentially test on this page assuming if you've got the if you've got the tack is I would give them the bill I would have displayed here, um, like three bottles like a three I would I would say choose your option and I and so it would be on this page again to give them the right but if they if they still want the one bottle they can still proceed they don't have to go back. But if they wanted the three like it would be a radio button just click that and boom it changes to three. Yeah, something like that is like that's kind of like something Maybe they were on the borderline between one bottle and three bottle like I don't know and then I'll just click over the one and then it's like they get there and then you know, maybe last second there's like yeah, maybe the three bottles better. Let's just do that.

Yeah, something like that. Okay. Yeah, you know, let me ask you this also on on these pages and looks you know, I don't know what the what the abandonment rate is on this so I don't even know if it's an issue if it's not an issue, but certainly one other thing to to test on this page is an exit pop. Yeah and what I mean when somebody goes to leave and just says like wait are you know, you didn't finish you didn't complete your order. You know something something as simple as as a yeah, that's yeah for sure.

We should definitely do that. Especially I think that the the or was I I think like I said if I was if I was gonna if I was a betting man and I was gonna put my money somewhere if I was a betting man, which I'm not if I was abetting man, I would come up we come up with a juicy a juicy report to Juicy reports plus nice report plus nice report. So this thing right is Big see juicy. Yeah a girl was a betting man. I would bet and people that's that's um, yes agree.

Yeah like that. Awesome. Awesome good much. Um, hope you've got some fun planned for the weekend. You're probably so glad that the elections over living.

Oh gosh living in living in those Battleground States, man. I don't know how you guys do it. It's assault like listen, man, you know, it's so ridiculous. I'm just so like it's like let's just see I hate to say this in sound like like a wiener, but I'm like, can we just all get along man? Yeah, you're not you're not like I don't you know, it's like enough man, you know, like is that people are good and Florida man.

People are crazy crazy. Well, yeah. No, I know. I'll see a political out on TV up here in New York, which is not like kind of like you guys get it down there and I'm just like, oh man like not come on. Like I don't want to see that.

Yeah. I hate it. I I am so done with it. And it's I'll tell you I'll leave you with this. It's it's so um, It's harsh like it's not like, you know, these are ads down here where it's not like, you know, so-and-so's policy on XYZ failed and produced Elemental P.

It's really these ads are like, you know, so-and-so's a scumbag and like he's looking to rob you of your feet. Like I know gosh, it's so uncalled War, you know, it's so unnecessary man. And so it's Madness man it is it's crazy man, but go enjoy yourself. Thank you jumping on late brother. You guys are doing great.

You should be proud. Keep me posted. Keep me in the loop. Thanks, man. Thanks, brother.

Yes, you got it. All right guys.
