---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-08-12 18:00:38"
date: 2022-08-12
duration: 58m
duration_seconds: 3507
vimeo_id: 739073004
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-08-12 18:00:38

**Date:** 2022-08-12 | **Duration:** 58m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, guys? Hey, how are you? How are you? Good to see you both as always you as well. Yeah, what's going on man?

What's shaking What's not going on is really the question man. All is good on my end more importantly. I want to know what's going on with you guys. I want to hear kind of State of the Union bring me up to speed tell me what's been going. Well, what hasn't been going.

Well what you guys are working on, so give me the full gist Yeah, for sure Bryson. You want to give her a run down? You want me to run through it? Yeah, man, I can have run through it then in anything. I miss feel free to hop in.

So essentially man, like transparently our business has been not doing too hot the past few months really it's been the start of this year. It seems like we can't get any traction as it relates to you know on the advertising front now, I you know, it's not the advertising itself. It's how we're going about it. So the past few months band we've been losing a decent amount of money Matt. Do you want to touch on that a little bit more?

I mean it is consistently with our friend and offers our cpcs, you know working with our agency our cpcs and like ten dollars. Even when our page is converting it like three and a half four percent. We're not you know getting an Roi so and then here recently within the last month month and a half we've had just tons of Bot traffic our conversions have been like one, you know. To one and a half percent and so we've just been losing way too much per sale. And you know when you're losing a hundred dollars per sale, we're just not making it up on the back end a lot of it.

I think is our agency, you know, we have gone back and forth on you know. Basically having an in-house agency running ads ourself. So I think we're finally to the point where we're gonna have to take control over our own destiny from an advertising standpoint because even last week like we've got bot traffic and then we get on the phone with the agency and she's like, yeah, we got the bot traffic fix. So we're back to $500 a day on ad spend and I'm like, well, let's dig into conversions and we look and we're a hundred and forty dollars upside down for sale like and so it just it's to the point where it's like we've tested several different agencies and they've always won right? We've split tested agencies.

They've always won and well, so let me ask you this when you say that because I want to get into a little bit of specifics for for a second year. Um, and so when you say that you split tested agencies and they've won they've won based on what measurement Based on you know cost per aov and CPA really like return on adsman return on admin. Yeah. Yeah, so and so have so I'm curious real quick before you go on and so, um, have you asked what does what is the agency say is the reason why they're getting you $10 cost per visitor? It's always it's okay.

There's there's always every week. It's like yeah, we're readjusting this we've changed this and it's always like every week it's like hopeful because we had to get rid of this and do this and you know, but here's what we did just to give you a little bit more of the picture. So we we talked with Jeremy Haynes who you may know and he was like, you know heavy on having us run a lead magnet. But also lead magnet going to high ticket we decided we're going to do that in-house we created the ads had a girl on our team and Bryson run the ad manager and we're getting cpcs for two three dollars. We're getting 50% opt-in rate at all.

The metrics looking good but almost no conversion. So we spent like 20 grand and made one sale. We just were not getting sales on the back end and so What it told us was like well we can get we can get a much lower CPC than they can we implemented, you know daily tracking so we know exactly what our numbers are. We just weren't seeing the conversion on the back end. So we've since We just rolled this out last night actually and in looking at the numbers, I don't have the spreadsheet the forecasting numbers in front of me.

But what what was working was we're getting a really low cost per lead five six dollar cost per lead. We're just not monetizing at all. So what we're what we created was basically the same we're taking one of the lead magnets. It's a social media cheat sheet. And then instead of selling the Inner Circle.

After the opt-in we're selling social domination. We're giving like a 20% new subscriber discount. It's a $27 product with upsells and then we'll have our normal like we consistently will convert like 6% of our front envirus to coaching sales. So we do pretty well at converting low ticket buyers to coaching clients. And so we just rolled that out.

I mean we've got like we looked a couple hours ago there was you know, one sale out of 50 like our numbers are looking good. Yeah, um, but it's early, you know, so we're kind of taking what we've been pretty good at and the test that we ran that really worked and just putting those together. Um, so that's what we're up to right now. Okay, so you feel about that strategy. Yeah, well so taking a step back for one second.

So tell me explain. So on the the traffic where you were you're paying what did you say two to three bucks a visitor and you were getting about a 50% opt-in. What was the lead magnet? We had basically four different lead magnets. So a social media cheat sheet 66 different posting categories.

Basically along with being able to join our Facebook group was kind of like an added, you know benefit with it. Oh, there you go. That's got it so that there's the The page, okay, and then a pop for this one. So upon opt-in what was on the thank you page for that basically a video for me saying You know congratulations on grabbing our you know free bonus and we had several others. There's a cheat sheet some scripts MLM success IQ.

There was basically two that converted really well and so a video for me basically saying congratulations on getting that it's you're gonna love it. It's awesome. It's awesome. It is it is it's information and what if you're the kind of person who really is serious about their network marketing business what really creates the most results is personal mentorship and personal coaching and so it was about a How long was the vsl? I don't remember how long the vsl was.

So it was basically it was really ESL it 18 minutes. Yeah, 20 minutes. So but the the theme or the angle of the vsl was about the value of personal mentorship and then basically ultimately you were driving them to apply for your your higher ticket program. And so, okay. And so and what were the other lead magnets you said you ran like four different lead magnets?

Yeah. So really the two that performed the best was an overcoming objections like scripts and then the social media cheat the other ones were okay. It was like a social tracker how to run, you know your network marketing business by the kpis like actually measure measuring your results. And then the other one was I think like a leadership IQ. So taking an IQ test to see your leadership score and then based on that, you know, what you need to do to get to the next and so in each of those four instances the thank you page was the same with that same vsl about mentorship.

Yeah. Yeah, okay. Um, and so just to make sure that I understood what you said at the end of the explanation Matt. So the new the new the newest version that you just rolled out is the is the cheat sheet, but now to the social domination program. Yeah.

Okay, um, and you just rolled that out. So the metrics are so the okay. So the the one thing so let me ask you this and I'm you know before I kind of give you some the answer on this. I just want to I want to shape your thinking a little bit and I want to understand your thinking a little bit and so how did you come up with those lead magnet ideas? We actually had that idea just on our own but then Bryson had dug into smart marketer a lot of the content and smart marketer and in there a lot of their training Bryson, why don't you give your insights there rather than me explaining what you explained to me?

Well, yes you Bryson. Let me let me ask the question really this way and this is a bit of a leading question. Um, but so was the idea like hey what lead magnet do I think that I could create based on what I've seen out in the marketplace and from the marketplace that I think would really work to generate leads. Yeah, yes, and no, so to answer your question like the objection scripts. For example, we've run that in the past.

We had a ridiculous conversion rates. So we decided to take that and put it as a as an opt in the others. Yeah, they were just you know test. Let's see. Let's run these let's see how they convert and then we'll pick, you know out of the top like out of the five.

We'll pick the top two and run with those so and did the agency the I'm curious to help me get a full full context. And so what is the the agency is is the the agencies driving metric that they use to determine success. Is it roas? Or is it is it you know, the number of leads that they get you at a certain cost. What is the metric?

What is the one number that they use? Like when you say to them this is success and anything outside of this is not what we consider success it. What's that metric that they use? Yes, what we've told them is really anything more than about $40 being 40 dollars upside down on a front end customer is too much. Got it.

Okay, and I'm curious do they play any role in in the campaign structure or are they being or are they just like Hey we're gonna run ads to you know, we're our job is to run ads to the lead capture page and then you guys take it from there. That's correct. And we're actually running this now. We're not using our agency with this and we didn't interagency. But but you're right in the in the past just to verify it was always us coming up with the strategy.

They were always fronted not total whole picture. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the first thing right is just is which goes without saying is that a 10 dollar cost per visitor is just prohibitive.

Right? Like that's absurd, you know, we you know what it's gonna take for us to make that work is just is insane. And that's Sky High right a five or six dollar cost per lead. Even in Eight dollar cost per lead is is where we ultimately want to be and so right obviously a $10 cost per visitor just changes the entire economic game. And so something is certainly wildly Off the Mark there with our with our cost per visitor with that being said, so the last the last campaign That you mentioned Matt of the call it the the cheat sheet then to social domination.

Um kind of thing is the best of the bunch and the reason it's the reason why it's the best of the bunch is really a strategic thing that you guys want to do going forward. Like look, you've heard me say before, you know, I'm I'm not I'm model agnostic and so right at the end of the day, if you know, we're in the customer acquisition business the customer lifetime value growing business. And so whether we do that through lead gen first and then monetize or whether we do that straight to sail to monetize for me. It doesn't really matter. Right?

We have a variety of different campaign models and usually it's just based on opportunity that we see with that being said the thing that you never want to do when creating a lead magnet is create that lead magnet out of context of the offer that is coming after it. And so meaning that what you don't want to do and this we we seen this I've had to deal with this with my own team. Internally and even externally when we've allowed other people to run to run traffic where you got to make sure that you're optimizing for the right thing, right? And so right just you know number of visitors at a certain cost is not what we're optimizing for. Right because anybody could send visitors at a certain but doesn't mean they're the right visitors, you know, same thing with lead gen right like we you could we could have, you know, call it a 50% opt-in rate and then end up with one sale, right and ultimately at the end of the day that's not the business that we're we're in we're not in the lead gen business.

We're in the customer acquisition business. What you always want to do is you want to start with the offer and then based on the offer you want to design your lead magnets so that there's tremendous congruence between those two so that when people are raising their hand, you know that they want X they want X and the offer that comes after the lead magnet needs to be about X it needs to be either a complete picture. Of Acts, it needs to be a full-blown system for achieving acts. It needs to be a faster easier way to achieve X. So if you had a lead magnet that was about let's just say your your um, let's call it your MLM leadership IQ or whatever right?

Well what comes next needs to be something related to leadership in MLM. So it needs to be the leadership the MLM leadership training right on right? How do you grow your IQ? How do you run it as a leader? How do you if it is about if it is about, you know, social media then what what comes next needs to be about social media.

And so what we're ultimately doing is right now with those old campaigns or the old campaign is we're taking somebody that's interested in a cheat sheet kind of a simple easy way to whip up ideas for social media and then we're attempting to convince them that they want something else which is mentorship for their MLM business. And so that's not the timer the place to do that. And so that is ultimately what we want to do when we're using lead magnets and with you know, when you you know, ultimately what we want to do is we want to get the right people to raise their hand expressing interest in a particular idea Topic thing and then we want to sell them the package on that thing and right and so ultimately it is it's very difficult to get somebody to go from opt-in to responding to a mentorship offer unless the lead magnet is something Related to mentorship like, you know, the seven qualities you need to identify to choose the right MLM leader, you know or Mentor right and and the reality right like that. If we did that then the the mentorship offer following that would be ideal when I said earlier that sometimes we look for a we sometimes we'll have these lead magnet, you know lead gen campaigns depending on opportunity. So what did I mean by opportunity?

I meant when the product that we are ultimately trying to sell when there is a wildly compelling lead magnet idea that is completely congruent with that meaning where I know the marketplace is gonna want this. They're gonna write they're gonna opt in at a high rate for this it's attractive it's different but it's also completely congruent with the with the offer. Sometimes we have offers that it's just not there. It's very Difficult to come up with that congruent lead magnet. Those are the instances where we don't go with that.

But the thing that you have to do you have to just look at the lead magnet not in isolation. You have to look at the lead magnet as a tool to get the right people to raise their hand in the right people are expressing interest in In Acts and then we're gonna give them the opportunity to get X after and again, I don't mean to beat a dead horse, but you got to have total congruence. So you can't what you what you cannot do. What you do not want to do is just come up with these lead magnet ideas out of context. The only time that I would do that like the only time that I would ever do that is if I was trying to test out if I wanted to see if the marketplace was interested in in idea that I'm considering creating a program around that I know if we get a high opt-in rate like and people click and and all that all the marketing performance metrics are great there that cool now I'm gonna create that thing that's completely congruent with that lead magnet and come back and plug that bad boy into the campaign and then I'm gonna go back to all the people that opted in in the past and offer that thing that that thing to them.

So that's the only time that I would ever create a lead magnet out of context of an ex. sting product you need congruence and it needs to be like next step and ultimately the way to you know, in addition to that to kind of just take this one step deeper is that You you also, you know, it's you also want to make sure that that you are your your truly getting the right type of people to raise their hand. And so sometimes the wrong sometimes the the wrong lead magnet even if it's congruent. Um can bring in the wrong people. Let me give you let me give you an example.

So let's say let's say is make up an example here. Let's say I wanted to sell a course on copywriting and so I want to and let's say I wanted to create a lead magnet for that and let's say we came up with something like the plug-in-play, you know copyrighting templates. Um, well what I would even though that there's congruence with that there's congruence between the two right but I know from experience that those people that are looking for those plug-and-play templates are not the ones that are interested in learning how to write copy. And so they're looking for the fast easy solution if I was selling a software on copy cool, that would be those those are the type of people if I was selling a software on copy right? I'm not gonna have a lead magnet that's about learning how to write better hooks or anything like that because again wrong type of people congruent but not the right people for the for the offer.

So does that make sense? Like Bryson is the marketing dude does that yeah. Yeah makes complete sense like like just because we're getting a 50% opt-in rate. We're selling a cheat sheet, which could potentially be, you know, people are identifying it. We identify those people as someone who's looking for the fast track the Silver Bullet the magic pill and so like look if you had an offer that was after that that was a bigger.

You know Magic Bullet and you want it to sell that that to them, you know, yeah, we could monetize those people on the front end and do well but I would also question are those the right people that we want to fill your database with right? And so that's an example of where like, yeah, we could create a lead magnet that is completely congruent a Magic Bullet on the front end with a bigger Magic Bullet, you know as the self liquidating off or behind that and we could make that work right because you've got in isolation that campaign's got the elements to congruence The Next Step the blah blah, right, we're offering to people exactly what those people want and expressed interest in but then again we have that bigger picture perspective that we need to take which is are those the people that You really want in your in your database. I'm not here to answer yes or no. I'll tell you that those people tend not to want to make a big commitment or big investment into their business. They again are demonstrating that they're looking for the quick fix the fast the easy thing now look if we had a bunch of offers that were all the fast easy thing then cool.

Then we can just sell them more fast easy things and know that out of those people we're gonna get a tiny percentage that are gonna are gonna rise up and be interested in doing more. But again, you just have to it's that full full context makes sense. Yeah. Yeah and Bryson and I talked about, you know, if this model works, right if we're you know, not so far upside down on Front End customer acquisition and they convert at a similar rate and we've been used to with social domination sales then, you know, the next version of this that we would kind of duplicate would be our overcoming. Jackson script which had about a 50% opt-in rate, you know, five six dollar cost per lead.

And then from there we would sell millionaire school, which is you know, objection handling is a subset of skill number five in number four in network marketing. So millionaire school is covering all seven key skills. So going deep into prospecting and inviting presenting following up closing like it's a full picture, right? Yeah. It's beautiful very congruent.

Yeah, and those people I actually think would probably convert more to the Inner Circle on the back end because it's less social media driven. So yeah the other thing yeah and I like that a lot. That's right. So the other thing right is um, Is the way to think about with lead gen, um with lead gen and going to an SLO like a self liquidating offer. You want it to be not you want it to be certainly congruent.

You want it to be an easy. Yes, like so what I would potentially like think about I'd be thinking about so they're you know, like if we had so let's say let's say they they opt in for the objection covering script and then there was an SL. Oh and it was you know, I was 49 bucks or something like that 39 bucks 69 bucks somewhere in that range, not Ultra cheap or anything like that because again, our aim is to be able to monetize leads to be able to break even ultimately on that lead. Gen. I would probably have some sort of offer.

I might take take that either a chunk of or a take that objection handling section of the school and I would bring it there. Right and this is like this is now like, you know objection Mastery right how to eliminate Crush every objection, right? It's 69 bucks. It's an easy. Yes.

It's completely congruent with them. And then what you have is you have the ability of like once they said yes to the like objection Mastery now, it's like look, you know, congratulations you have everything you need to write but the reality is is that there's a right way to open the call. There's a right way to set the frame. A right way to fill your calendar, right and all those things right like objection handling. You have that Mastery, right?

You got that nailed but it's these other components that are going to fill your pipeline and turn you into a, you know into a beast. Right? And so I want to give you the opportunity to grab that like the majority of people that grab objection Mastery do right and see how it's it's all congruent all aligned all part of the same Journey all along the same desire and outcome. That's what you need. This is why you know, it's so important that we don't just plug offers in to the campaign.

Like hey, we got this they opted in for this. They're in MLM. Let's just plug them in and let's offer them this thing because they're in MLM. You got to recognize the psychology the desire what they're focused on and that front end that front end sequence of offers needs to be That whole needs to keep them on that and tight tight. The only thing like with social media the thing the cool thing too.

Is that like with like with social media with with all these topics really but with social media is like, you know, so let's say there's you know, like there is You know, you know like, you know, social media cheat sheet and then there is like, you know, social media domination. You can also have like a, you know, like an offer like an upsell in there. That's still more of the same but is more um, more myopic on a single topic. Like let's say, you know, the the you can have an upsell in there. That's like the most effective, um, you know, the the the most effective social media, you know video system 60 second videos that grab attention suck people into your world and right.

It's a special framework that we've created that we use all requires as a mobile phone. If you can take 60 seconds, you could be banging out starting tomorrow videos on social media platforms that that fill your you know, your MLM business right like that see again congruent social media you say that's our third one. So what we talked about was having Tiktok is hot in the market right now. So viral video templates is the lead magnet our five-day tiktok. Workshop would be the upsell would be the you know, SLO, right?

Perfect. And then we integrate that into the Inner Circle we cover that on a higher level and the Inner Circle. So it's all very congruent. Right love it. Yeah, beautiful beautiful and then and again and the beauty right is you get to and this is important like you get to then like have the follow-up for those people to say you got this piece you now know like you got tiktok.

You got the you got the templates you got the tiktok system down, right? I want to show you now how to take what it is that you're doing there and leverage it on this platform in this platform to get flooded with new people to grow your MLM business like crazy using a complete social boom and and right and so This offer that's all part of the same the same Journey. You don't want these kind of you know, like herkey jerky you you got this but now I'm offering you this and you're gonna try to convince them that they need this and want this you want it to be on the same path. Yeah. Yeah got it.

Got it. The other thing that you guys can do, um at any point, right and there's no there's no rush on this but you know you you really should at some point consider. Having John Murray on the top one team. He runs an agency. He's not gonna pitch you on the agency or anything like that, but just have Glenda schedule a call with you and John and let him look at your your the the way that your accounts are set up your your man.

Your ad accounts are set up you're targeting is being done. You know, the the type of ads that you're running just have a look at it and he'll give you feedback and then you guys take it and you guys can do with it what it is that you want internally right? John is here, you know, John is on the team and so you should take advantage of that because he's got a unique insight into tons of large ad accounts hours included and so he knows, you know, he spots these these errors in the Attic add account setups that cause issues and so you should have them look at it at some point. Yeah, very cool. The the other thing we wanted to get your Insight on is our publishing offer.

So as you may or may not remember, you know before we launched our coaching program, we were selling our publishing program on the back end and it is, you know been an awesome offer. We've got lots of amazing testimonies and results and case studies and all that every once in a while every few months typically will do a launch to our list for you know, the publishing offer. We did one six seven weeks ago our epcs on it were a hundred and sixty two dollars. I believe 162 dollars epcs. So and that's been you know, fairly consistent like that offer.

It's a $5,000 offer the values crazy. It's almost like done for you book authorship. We have the process really dialed in and you know, that's something like two years ago. Maybe three years ago. We ran that on the front end.

Where we did not have a very sophisticated sales team or processes in place. And so if we wanted to sell that on the front end one, we believe we can sell that through affiliate traffic. I mean 162 dollar EPC we email our list every day. So it's a very like it's a good list. We can go to a lot of other people partner with them and promote it so, you know feel like we kind of know how to do that.

But then you know for us to Market that on the front end Any insights on the best way to do that, I mean our wheelhouse is network marketing, right? The publishing offer can be sold to anyone. I've in the years 10 years ago. I sold it exclusively through JV partners and anyone who had any kind of entrepreneurial list. It just worked the lowest affiliate EPC that we ever saw was seven dollars, right?

So I probably should have continued the model but I was busy with my network marketing company making a couple million a year and I just put it on the back burner. We attempted like three four years ago. We were selling it on the front end. We had a not very sophisticated sales guy. Like it just didn't really work.

So we're considering that being a way that you know an offer that we can get some traction on. Yeah. Yeah, and so tell me yeah, it works. I mean it certainly it certainly works right Rob. Kosberg has a publishing offer that.

Um that works and so tell me give me remind me refresh. My memory of what is the promise of the publishing offer in 60 where we will have you become a published author as seen on ABC CBS NBC your own Amazon account set up and 60 days or less. With only two to three hours of work. Yeah by investing two to three hours of writing time. So it's a pretty killer hook two to three hours of Total riding time total time.

Yeah, they write one chapter. We have like 30 authors total in the book. And so with we have a hundred previous chapters that we can put in a book, right? And so they write the first chapter. We put their name and picture on the cover of the book.

We set up their Amazon account. They get 100% of the royalties. We do all the back end. We deliver them and Amazon account. They can buy books for two dollars a piece make all the royalties Publications system and when you yeah, no, I love that kind of stuff and when you when you did that in the past when you when you well when you've when you've run it to your list when you've done a the launch To the list is it presented as being tailored to MLM folks or is it just a pure like you want your own book?

You want the popularity the recognition here's an opportunity or is it like this is the perfect tool for you. If you're serious mlmer it helped me to understand that the positioning of it. It's not. In love both basically, I mean we do mention network marketing. Like I I have made it very specific like in the past.

I have made it very specific for MLM and like the whole key to success and network marketing is leadership and you know the perception of leadership and when you become an author, you're immediately perceived as a high level leader. All right, you're gonna be able to attract a much higher caliber person when you're seeing as much higher caliber person. So I do have that I also we've also we kind of have a version I don't have the I don't remember exactly the Via sell that we're that we use now, but it's a little bit on MLM, but it's not like Total MLM, you know? Yeah. So um, so and thank you Bryson for the for the document.

I opened it over here. Um, So, okay. So I I like it. I'll tell you I mean it we can we can make it. You know, we certainly can make it work, um on the front end, but what I would what I would do, right if we were Partners, right my money reputation livelihood is online.

This is my business as much as it is your business. I would tell you that I I'm gonna say this with a caveat. Uh, I would I would do it for mlmers. Like I would do the book publishing for mlmers because number one that's the business. That's ultimately right like even for all the people that don't convert.

We've got a whole back end. We've got a whole Suite of offers that we can put out in front of them, right those will work for you know mlmers right not gonna work so much for just a person who wants to be an author and I think that that's especially important. At the $5,000 price point right Rob's offer. I believe is 25 Grand if I'm not Miser 18 18 and maybe a twenty five dollar twenty five, but that's his business. Right?

So like that is his business, right? And so he's obviously, you know, his aim is to generate a tremendous amount of profit in those sales for you guys. It's it's a bit of a different ball game. I also think that it you know, I think that a book for mlmers being more more specialized has more value in other words if I was an MLM or and I had two options yours or robs. I'm gonna go with yours because I believe that you're you're talking to me yours is for me.

Um, and so I I dig it. I think that we would need to you know, if there is a if price and you can send me whatever campaign it is that you have at this point. For that publishing offer. I'd like to see it and so you can submit the the critique and let me go through it include all the pages include you don't have to include the I have the emails here, but you don't have to include the emails only because I want to know. I want to see what cold traffic would would ultimately see and let's take a look at that and dial that in but I think that that's I think that's very good.

And the reality is again, the beauty is for you with your with your model that first of all, it's not all that difficult to me, you know economically to make a five thousand dollar offer work, but the beauty is that we then have a whole Suite of offers that we can put out in front of those mlmers to monetize the people that don't take advantage of the publishing offer. And so I did I dig it. I like it. Okay, cool. Cool.

Appreciate that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, um, the the, you know, the other thing that I want to mention to you guys just in and I mean, you know it and this is kind of almost marketing 101, but I think we always need to we always need some reminders right is you know is a so you spent or you invested, you know, twenty thousand dollars or whatever campaign in these campaigns. And it sounds like you generated a chunk of leads, correct?

Yes, you know so 1500. I mean 1500 1500 people right? It's a lot of people if you had 1500 people in a room, that's a lot of freaking people and so, uh, you know, like look the reality is is that you know, man this business is really very simple right make more offers and you make more money give people more opportunities to buy you got to give people more opportunities to buy and sometimes we've got to get out of our own way. We start to think. Well, I got a segment I want to do this and then that and we're working on this and that I get it right I get it but you know, like look you got leads now.

It's not all it's not all lost right you got 1500 leads and so let's put out, you know offers in front of them and I'm just a big believer. I think I believe you've heard me talk about it before it's in the number of our training programs that you guys get access to. I like to lead lead generate out of the house file get people to raise their hand like, you know, I would have three days of emails related to Social media, if you're doing anything on social media, you're finding it difficult to come up with content ideas. I've solved it for you. I've got something cool.

There's a video on a page go take a look at it. I think it'll be eye-opening and I'd have three days of those kind of teaser, you know promo emails for the people that click on that and right and I'd only run that for three days for the people that click on any one of those emails. I then would immediately plug them into a conversion sequence. That's all about the offer. I would have a deadline on all of these all the time.

So when you go to your list never ever go out with an offer that doesn't have a deadline run that bad boy for you know for have a four day deadline, so when they visit the page and the beauty really is but for you guys like I would do these I would do all these with like deadline funnel, right and so deadline funnel meaning so that it's Evergreen so that if somebody doesn't click these you send out those three emails today and somebody doesn't, you know, click on it until next week because they're on vacation doesn't matter the moment that they visit that sales page that four day deadline Begins for them. So it's not a fixed date deadline we're talking about we're just talking about a four-day campaign and I would have those conversion sequences preset up so that like what we do is we actually set up the the first the The Click sequence and we set up the conversion sequence in advance and what will so we'll have this click sequence this three day sequence, right? And and then right anytime somebody clicks on any one of the links and any one of those emails in that first three days, they're taken out of that sequence and they're put into the conversion sequence deadline on the on the thing and they go through with this build up to the deadline is coming in the end and it's all automated and what we do is we just take what we say, right? We're gonna take we're gonna take these 1500 people and we're gonna dump them. This campaign and so we we start the camp we start that that click sequence at the end.

You're gonna have a whole bunch of people that never clicked on any of those any of those links. They never get those emails about the offer offer offer because they never saw it you're gonna let the rest of the people go through the the offer offer offer and buy and then what are you gonna do? You're gonna do it again with a different offer and you're just gonna do it again and now you're gonna take boom and you're gonna dump them into another thing and what you're doing is Right. Remember you're you're ultimately lead generating out of your list. And so the only people that ever get the hey the deadline is approaching.

Hey, right you get this bonus. Hey, they are the people that expressed interest by clicking on the link. And so you're just what I'm yeah is of the people that we're running through the deadline sequence. Like what is the link that they click on? So for instance?

Let's say we have our millionaire school program or our overcoming objections master class, which sells millionaire school like Yeah, that's what I'm not clear on it. Yeah, let me see if I can show you like someone clicks an offer for millionaire school. Then we run the deadline sequence with them or so something in like that is nope. So, let me see if I could show you this. Let me see if I can bring up an example.

Real quick. Yeah, let me show you this you share my screen. This is how we run. Let me get rid of all these windows and then show you this. Okay move this here.

So this is a here we show you this the heck is Zone. So this a new campaign it's not live yet. It will be going live next week. And so what will happen is that's why this isn't this should be green and then this will be green. Let me show you how simple this is.

So basically, right this is a this is a click sequence. This is just an email a series of emails what we do and by the way for what it's worth is we send two emails a day. And so I've I found it's great. You know, I found that just the more emails we send the more the more money we make it's it's you know, like it is what it is. And so, you know, we'll send one in the morning and then we'll send one at night.

So this is day one, right? So the moment that we will say next week. All right. Let's say hypothetically to keep things real simple dump the entire house file into this sequence start this sequence. What happens is when they start the sequence at on the first day when we start the sequence it'll wait a day and then at 8:30 am in the morning.

It's gonna send this email now. I'm going to show you this email just so that you can get a feel for this this email. Now this offer is ultimately about offer creation. So, um, so I said so I recorded a vsl a training about offers with an offer in the end to learn how to create offers if that makes sense. And so all I'm doing here is these links in here bring people to the vsl?

And so right I said, hey I did this thing while I was in Arizona. I can't share that live presentation with you. But but I created a virtual version I can share that with you. Here it is. There's no opt-in right buckle up go get it right then 6:30 that night.

Here is another email that goes out and all of these emails bring them to the same place that you already know the wrong offer can crush a sales funnel same of the week offer the right offer capsule Blaster sales through the roof blah blah. Your offer makes a breaks your funnel right there. I said, there are two other critical pieces you need to have in place to have a winning offer when they click on this they go to the same vsl that they would go to in this email and all of these emails are the same thing. They're just different angles to get people to go over but related to offer creation. So I'm not just keeping it blind right like here I get asked this question how you been able to create so many winning offers.

I don't have a secret right? I have lots of offers because of this simple three-legged stool approach to offer creation. Every winning offer has these three components. Boom. I explain all three in this new instant access web class.

So all of these all of these emails, right this one turned out there was an extra one just because I love this email. Normally it's three days. What happens is at any point. If anybody clicks on any of those links in there to go to the vsl, so when they click on when somebody clicks on if they click on the first email on day one or the the second email on day three doesn't matter the moment that they click on any one of those links they get taken out of this sequence and now they get put into a conversion sequence and this is where the deadline begins so the deadline begins when they actually visit the sales page so the debt there it the deadline doesn't begin here. This means that right.

It doesn't matter when somebody clicks on this they're always gonna get a four-day deadline. So somebody clicks on the first email on day one and they go over to the sales page. There's a four-day deadline if they don't click on that email and they click on the second email on day three and go over to the sales page. They have a four-day deadline, right? And so everybody gets the same four day deadline and then this sequence is the same thing.

It's two emails a day for four days. And on the last day, it's more emails. It's Like four emails on the last day and so right and so we get to do count and anytime somebody buys they get taken out of this sequence. So they don't get any more emails at the end of this when this is done, right? What happens is we'll put people into a different click and conversion sequence same thing.

So the only people that are ever getting these emails these aggressive sales based offer based emails are the ones that have expressed interest by clicking the link and going over to the vsl. Everybody else who's like I'm not interested in offers. I don't need to learn more about offers. They never see that so they never get pounded with those those messages. Then what happens they go on to the next one.

Yeah, so you're A marketing the E5 your E5 program, right? And so the call to action at the end of your vsl is to book a call not here not with this. So what we do is know so what we'll do what we do is sometimes we have we have offers for products. This is I think I think it's 497 or something like that. Um, but what will happen is right?

We were we're teaching them how to do the offer portion and you guys look at access to this training by the way. So super excited about that. Um, But at the end of that what's gonna happen for those people? Is there then gonna they're then gonna see they're gonna be exposed to a to another vsl. If you will that is like great.

You've got the offer nailed one of the most important parts right now. I want to make sure that you've got the other pieces of your campaign nailed, right and that is this this and this and when you have all these pieces, you're gonna become extraordinarily wealthy, and we've got a program. That'll do that for you. It's called E5 AA if you're interested book a call boom. And then we move them over there.

Right and what happens for the people that don't that don't book that that call they might be exposed to another campaign that also has the same call to action and then in between that they'll be exposed to another click and conversion sequence. And so it's this continuous cycle of what you what you You Want It? Ultimately we ultimately we want to get to a point where we give people the opportunity to buy every day. Now, even if we hypothetically if we only had one product, let's just say we only had one product. Well, so what happens at the end of this campaign?

Let's say right we've got this vsl here. Right? Let's say this was our only product. So how the heck then do we do we do we give people the opportunity to buy every day if we just put them through a vsl and they didn't buy. Well, what we do is we create a different funnel that has the same offer in the end.

And so maybe now I bring them to a live webinar and that live webinar has a little bit of a different angle maybe that that live webinar is the single most important piece that you need to nail in every marketing campaign and they get on there and ultimately it is in some way shape or form gonna be about the offer and then in the end we're gonna lead them to the same exact offer in the end. Right and so right and what happens at the end of that if I only have one product what am I gonna do? I maybe I create a multi-part text based series that right and because people consume differently and just because somebody hasn't bought from a vsl. Doesn't mean they're not interested what you've got to what you've got to recognize and you'll see like in this campaign. What what was really startling to me?

Like what was really eye-opening to me? Was when I saw all right, we put X number of people in this campaign. Let's keep the numbers real simple and just say we dumped 10,000 people into this click and conversion sequence. Well, what becomes a really insightful and startling is when you see wow out of 10,000 people, we only had call it 4,000 that went over to the vsl. What does that mean?

6,000 never even saw the offer. So what do I want to do with those 6,000 I want to give them the ability and and the people that that saw the offer on the vsl and didn't and didn't buy. I'm gonna give them I'm gonna deliver the same message just from a slightly different angle and a different format. I'm gonna do it again. And so that's how you just continue to extract out and you've got to recognize.

The other thing is you got to recognize people have a short memory. The reality is right is that you can take that like you had said, I think that you would you did your publishing offer like twice a year. I would tell you immediately go to three times a year and then go to four times a year. You would be shocked at how often you can run the same exact campaign with the same exact email, right? We have people we have promotions that we run into second time and somehow somebody's got a second email address in our CRM and they buy again.

And we're like dude you own this already like and so same same sales letter same training same everything, you know, same poor same marketing funnel same email same everything and people have a short memory. And so the point is right like, you know, Is continue to keep those offers out in front of them, like give people the opportunity to buy just because they didn't buy from one format doesn't mean they're not gonna buy from another just because they didn't buy one product doesn't mean they're not gonna buy another some people don't want low tickets. Some people want High ticket. Some people don't want High ticket some people want low ticket. That's why like in a perfect Universe on the back end.

You just have a plethora of stuff that you could you could really you could offer them. And so does that make sense? Yeah, totally without helpful. Yeah, absolutely, right anything else price and what else can I help you? No, man, that's it.

That's extremely helpful something that you know, we've talked about just like our biggest issue is executing on like what is the judge? What is the thing that we need need to execute on right now? We have all of these things that we can do. What is the one thing that we should do? That's like our biggest challenge that something you've pointed out multiple times with us, which I completely agree with but I think it's you know, like look this is this is a this is a battle and and look I would love to say that I have this figured out really well, but I'm like you I get enamored with the next thing and I can't wait, you know, it's it's you know, there are you know, there are very recently I found myself with again.

I'm like I sat back and I'm like, I fell into the Trap that I tell all of our clients not the fall into where I've got four incomplete almost done prop projects, right and none of them are none of them are done. And so the the reality is is that you know, like look sometimes, you know, I don't know. You've got to go with what do you feel is the most valuable right now and most valuable right now is different in every business circumstances. You might say like look, you know, we want I want cash right now just be we blew through, you know some money I want cash right now and I would say Okay based on that. Let's put together a back end offer for the list.

Maybe we do the publishing offer right now, right and then you know like and we do we do a cash play at other times. It might be like, all right, we the cash is cool. We need to nail this front end thing. And so we need to we need to be bringing in fresh blood. Um, and so we're gonna go back to that.

You know, we're gonna make sure that that lead magnet campaign. The new version is is working well, and that's when we're gonna dive in and we're gonna look at the metrics there what I would tell you and I know that this is a big broad recommendation, but bring things to completion. Don't like don't work on five different things at the same time because you're just slowing down all five. Bring it to completion. I'd rather you take one campaign.

Put it out make money from it start getting metrics and then go on to the next one, right and rather than be working on five different things and you're working on copy here for this and headline for this and an image for this and a vsl for that. That is a recipe for disaster. I know I fall into that. I still fall into that trap and it's a cluster and so bring it to completion. I tell my team done.

There's no value in 99% done. None none. It's only at that point in expense. Right? It's only it's only cost us.

It's robbed us of our time and focus and so done is where the value is and so bring things to completion one at a time roll them out. And the other thing is of course, I know I probably should end on a more motivating note, right but you know, look this this is a you know, look sometimes campaigns, you know more often than not campaigns don't work. out of the gate Like they don't perform they don't they're not within kpi out of the gate. You just have to accept that that's the game that we're we're playing right? Like if you're batting average is 400 you're a Hall of Fame baseball player.

That means you could strike out six out of 10 times and you're a Hall of Fame baseball player, right? That's the game that we're playing that is really unfortunately the game that we're playing so you can't be married to right like and believe me when I tell you that for me personally, right? I'm supposed to be the man the guru the the expert right? I have flops and I don't even want to show up to my team meeting because I'm embarrassed like, right and I'm mortified but that's the game that that's the game. That's the nature of the Beast and so we have to work on campaign bring them to completion one at a time and don't forget that this business right is that there are people there's something they want.

There's something that they're struggling with right and and our job is to offer them Solutions and to continue to offer them solutions. They don't have to be all these Grand magnificent Solutions out of Eight sometimes right you maybe have a video of some training that you recorded map. That's just wildly valuable for solving a very specific problem. Cool. Put that together.

It's 49 bucks or 39 bucks and put it put together a little short sales page right call me and send it out to the list with a click and conversion sequence. Yeah, we have a lot of those that we've never put together as a course. Yeah, we'll give away as bonuses or we'll sell in a bundle. Right but we've never created a sales page for a lot of those. Yeah and some of those like again Bryson if you're if you want to you know, if you when you're like, hey, I got three days, you know of okay before the next project begins.

I want to bring this to completion and create a you know, a short form sales letter. I'd love to help you with that man. Right because some you know to sell something for 39 that's good that addresses a specific problem. That's that's not all that difficult. That's one afternoon to really create and doesn't have to be anything magical or anything especially because we're going to our our when Going to your house file, right?

You don't have the same issues of upsells bumps and we need all this craziness like right like give people the opportunity to solve problems and give them those opportunities as often as we can. Yeah, I mean our conversion rates whenever we do a launch to our list if it's a bundle or something like that. I mean the conversions are Stupid High. Yes, I'm sure you I'm sure they love you. I'm sure I would guarantee there are people on your list.

Lots of people on your list. I would guarantee that are probably like dang if Matt had more I'd buy it. Right. I I there are people that I'm like dang. I wish this dude had more I would buy stuff from them.

Like he doesn't and therefore I'm not spending life. He offered me something tomorrow. I would buy it right because I like them I trust them and and so and there's no there are always those people there's always a percentage of those people on your list. It sounds like you guys have a nice chunk of those people on your list give them the opportunity to buy we're not talk again even like, you know little little bits of monetization on a regular basis add up. Yeah.

Yeah. And so does that help? Yeah. Yeah. That's very helpful.

I'm here for you guys. If you like, you know Bryson submit, you know, I'd love to look at the like I said submit the the publishing offer, you know submit those pages so that I could take a look at that and and give you some feedback and Direction on that and then anything else that you're working on from a marketing perspective man, take advantage. Please send it over to me so that like I can look at it. Even you know before Kohl's live right away so that we can make changes edits improvements and really dial it in to give you guys the best chance of making these, you know winners for you guys. Cool.

Awesome. Yeah. All right. Amazing seeing guys. Have a great weekend.

Keep me posted and I'll keep my eye out Bryson for the publishing offer. You got it. Awesome. Appreciate you. Thanks guys.

You got it.
