---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-03-24 16:00:48"
date: 2023-03-24
duration: 57m
duration_seconds: 3466
vimeo_id: 811366643
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-03-24 16:00:48

**Date:** 2023-03-24 | **Duration:** 57m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, Todd? Well, buddy, how are you? So good to see you. I'm I'm doing amazing, man. And so what's what's new bring me up to speed just in general and life first before we dive in man.

That's hey, man. I Tons of great stuff man businesses is is kicking as is kicking strong as usual. We've been able to also wrap up one of our Live Events this early January where covid is You know, I think in the past now officially like mascara or no longer mandatory and they're not, you know, let me just put it this way. You won't get arrested by not wearing masks in public now, so I that's that's all right. That's good.

Good. Yeah, and so the market has kind of opened up here. Everybody's businesses are our flourishing and you know, one of our team members were afraid that you know, because when when covid was there everybody's business was was down and they want to our help now that it's it's kind of over more businesses coming to us because of the opportunities that they're being flooded with and they don't know how to you'll fight the competition and so we're still kind of thriving there and life is just great life is you know, I guess the other thing that's that could be better is that I've is a I'm trying to find the time to come up to the mansion into visit you guys I was looking at the recordings. It looks amazing. It was looking at all the footage and yeah, I I but I still learn a lot nonetheless with your bulletproof campaigns that that concept is is great.

I've been hearing it in like the marketing team trainings and I'm glad this is like the final final version the final picture of it and or about implementing it so that's on the life side. Okay, so but but I mean but so it sounds it sounds good. So you're you're finding just out of curiosity. So you're obviously finding that this kind of post covid post, um, lockdown stuff that there's now a Resurgence in people interested in in business help business development that sort of thing, right? So it's almost like you're you know, it it went from this dip to this like shooting Up, right like many more people.

Yeah, pretty much and I guess at this point we are really just still stuck with. Number one leadership development and then the other thing is that and yeah, I guess the other thing as well that's derailing our progress from hitting that million dollar month. Mark is the fact that we we just don't know how to tackle all the opportunities that that we have. We don't know how to handle the you know, the shiny objects syndrome time and what I mean by that Todd is uh, unlike funnels right where we used to just chase the latest and greatest model, you know, like 5V challenge the quiz funnel and all that. I've learned that from you thankfully from looking at Agora sticking just those two models unlike funnels were I'm talking about more about Trends and you know opportunities from like the bigger players out in the market and trends like, you know, things like chat GPT, right?

This thing's blowing up and it's just it's a replacing jobs and my business partner and I are just thinking about all the opportunities are here, but what if and then it's just kind of derailing our yearly plans or we've had everything set in motion, which we we I actually had be thankfully from just the idea of rerunting campaigns, which has been really really successful thought. By far for scaling a team because you know, we're just teaching them how to do what what we do but when it comes to New Opportunities like that Todd and this is also one of the discussion points. I want to talk with you today is mainly just how can we look at things like that and determine whether or not we should pivot Quote unquote with our our quarterly plans and whatnot. So, I guess like I I to simplify things I I should start with what are your thoughts on? You know this whole chat GPT thing like yeah, do you think it's worth investing your time and looking into studying this whole prompt engineering thing and whatnot and giving our team to do the same.

Yeah. Yeah. So, um great question and I love man I I could see there's so much for us to talk about and what it is that you you just said and so I'm glad to see you like we'll we'll pick this apart and we'll get specific sure as it relates to you know, this, you know chat GPT, which is right really only one part of this massive AI movement that we're experiencing right now the short answer. Um, The short answer of whether you should pay attention to it and and begin to dig in is yes, absolutely. Now, there are two different kind of categories that two different areas within business that you need to think about or that we could talk about as it relates to embracing chat gbt.

There is the internal stuff that you guys do. So the copy the email sequences the ideas the content all of all that stuff. Yeah track GP it only makes sense because it's a tool of efficiency and so while like look, you know, While I I think that it can you know replace a mediocre subpar copywriter, there are certainly aspects of copy that it's it's gonna be a little bit of time before it it can replace like fully replace. But my point is that internally it only makes sense to really embrace it learn it and understand it because it gives you an advantage it's gonna it's gonna write it's a shortcut all that stuff that you that you know, the other thing is that in why it's important to embrace it internally is because you're other vendors potential, um competitors competitors are embracing it and so why would we allow them to get a foothold in into a tool of efficiency without ourselves taking advantage of that? So it would be like, you know, we're an army fighting another are another Army and that Army is embracing, you know airplanes and we're not well, we've allowed them to gain an advantage right and so So, um, you've got that and I believe man for what it's worth that the same really holds true for a lot of other AI tools and there's it's it's insane right now what we're seeing from an AI perspective and I mean there there are it really feels like there are new tools being released daily.

That's how many they're right. Like, I mean, it really feels that way from audio video, you know images, you know, you name it. It's it's not let alone The plugins and you know the Chrome extensions, um and the improvements to these to these things, right? It was just last week that what is it GPT for or whatever, you know was was released. So there's that then there's the other category and and the other category being so good.

This should things like chat GPT and AI, um effect or change the type of offers that you're making to the marketplace meaning like, you know, do we need to begin to incorporate AI chat GPT into our business trainings into our marketing training into our copywriting, you know, And the answer is I don't know for you. And so I'm gonna I'm gonna help you to get clarity on this but I don't know for you. I can tell you that in the states. Um, yeah, the game is just it's it's incredible how quickly it just kind of blew up and and changed. Um, the the answer is um, The answer really is the way that I would approach this and I want you to just bear with me as I go through this because I'm kind of I'm gonna I'm gonna help you see the answer or get the answer, but I'm also going to share with you kind of my way of thinking to answer these types of questions because you can you can replace Chachi btai with anything else that that comes down the road the answer is right.

So let's take a step back and look at your business and look at your business progress and your business growth. And then the question becomes. Well, are we missing out on sales? Are we not growing are we not acquiring as many customers buyers as we could because our offers are no longer as attractive as they once were because of things like awareness of chat GPT and AI are there other vendors that are now already introducing? Um Ai and you know chat GPT into their offers to our Marketplace making our offers that don't have chat GPT in AI seem dated or Antiquated if the answer to any of those questions is yes.

Yes. That's why we didn't then I would tell you that. Yes, we do need to begin to to our offers and our product Suite to include chat GPT and and those sorts of things or right. We're just gonna you know technology is just gonna move beyond what it is that um, we're offering it's kind of like, you know, what what was it when You know, um digital photography hit the scene and what was it Kodak who resisted the change to digital film and they held on to well what happened technology advanced and put them out of business. And so we in the, you know, we run the risk of having our information become dated if and when the time comes that others are being, you know offered Solutions with AI and you know and chat GPT.

I will say this that now might not be that time meaning that now your audience might you know, they you know, the AI stuff might not even be on their radar yet. Nobody might be offering it to them yet. Therefore it would be potentially early or unnecessary to make that change but that change is coming eventually, right? So it's it's all just a matter of timing right? So it's it's about timing but that doesn't mean that you have to Pivot now, right?

It might mean that next. Are Q2 or q1 you you've got or Q3 next year depending on but it's all about timing. And so did that. Does that help someone? Yeah, absolutely.

I guess one of our fears as well. that I've always had is that by potentially not not being ahead of the curve. So to speak we I would always or we would always run the risk of having someone claim that what do you call like the category Kang in that area before? We we hit we hit the the scene. So that is that absolutely is a is a risk the right that that absolutely is risk the question, right?

The the part of the question the Ponder is right is so are you saying that that you want to be the category King right like you you can't be nor do you want to be the category King in every category? That's true. That's true. Yeah, right. And so my my point though like is like look, you know, it's there's and this is an interesting thing.

So And I'm trying to keep this simple because I don't want to I don't want to chew up a whole bunch of our time with this, but you know, there is you. So if you wanted to be let's say the category King in all things marketing and AI related like you wanted to be the go-to for all things marketing and AI related or maybe just a segment of that like, you know, copy my AI for copy right then I would tell you. Yeah, you need to you should put your flag in the ground. Now, you should stake your claim on that. You should claim that you're the you are the authority in that area and you begin to put out content and materials that that um, That support that I if that's what you want if that's not what you want.

That doesn't necessarily mean that you shouldn't incorporate AI into what it is that you're offering because maybe right it like look, let me take a step back. So let's say you know, you're you're let's say look, let's say for us we're teaching people how to put together an effective marketing message using, you know, our method the E5 methods, right? And that's a process. It takes a certain amount of time and right and the whole point is so that you've got a you've got the ability to acquire new buyers every day from Paid traffic without fail. Well, somebody else comes along and they say it right I'm gonna show you how to set up a marketing message that allows you to acquire buyers on a regular basis every day from Paid traffic without fail, but I'm gonna show you how to do it in a single afternoon.

Using AI that has nothing to do with who's the category King with AI but they now just offered a Superior Solution out of sheer speed and ease. So they now use right? So the point is that see how you even even though I'm not interested in being the category King with AI. I am interested in being the category King if you will with how do how do you create a marketing message that allows you to acquire new buyers daily at scale. Right?

And so I'm not sure if that helps or if that can confuses. The fear is the fear is warranted if you ultimately don't if you ultimately want to be that category King, yeah. Yeah, and I guess Yeah, 100% That's a great. perspective to have it like a breakthrough change to have time because it's you know, a lot of times we were thinking about. Oh, we want our brand to be associated with this thing this this like for example YouTube ads, but we should also we should be thinking about it's not YouTube ads, but it's the speed and ease of getting clients.

And so that's that's an insight to have and I guess I mean because and that's that that's the reality right like look, you know, let's say if you want to be like look. And this is important stuff. It really is from a strategic perspective. Like if you want to be known as let's say if you you're you're the you're you're the place you're the destination that people come to when they want to understand how to acquire. Let's say new clients the most efficient, you know way possible that the fastest and easiest way.

Let's just say Well what that allows you to do man is over time that allows you to update your methods that allows you to write. Like if YouTube go, you know if YouTube exploded and was no longer around your business doesn't explode. You just find what is the alternative now that you're gonna teach people because that falls under the umbrella of the fastest and easiest way to to get clients and if that's the the positioning where you're putting yourself in the you know, your flag is in the ground as the easiest and fastest way to get clients then I would tell you for sure you need to start thinking about how do we incorporate AI into what it is that we're teaching and showing these folks because AI makes it quicker and easier. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, and I guess that's why but I guess I kind of answers my question because um If it's not necessarily that our offer is not converting.

In fact, we were just having our best month yet out of the entire year, but you know this I think is blowing up but and nobody else is you know, there's articles about it in Chinese Cantonese and everybody's talking about it, but nobody's really monetizing it like like you guys are in the states right now where you know teaching a copyright workshops and there's like prompt engineering cheat sheets low tickets and all that were and so that's why and we're so in between but I guess right now this whole thought process really just you know, it it answers our question. They we got Incorporated because we want to be the brand and the category King. So to speak in this thing to get you customers with who the quickest most efficient way. Yeah. Well then that's for sure.

I mean right like because you know, you think about it man like a big part of you know, this is this is interesting man. I I saw I always enjoy these calls with you. I really do when I see your name on the calendar. I I get excited because I know you always you make me think about about certain things but You know I and and you you know, like you're you're I enjoy talking to you so much about this stuff because you're as passionate as I am. You know, I I think this is where what a lot of entrepreneurs also neglect and it falls under this umbrella of what it is that you just said is like look we should constantly be be striving to improve the solution or solutions that we're offering to the marketplace.

And so what that means is that like if your positioning is we're we're the we're the place that you come to when you want to get new new clients, you know fast the fastest and easiest way way possible. Well what that means is that ultimately like long-term part of your thinking is always how do we increase the speed of our solution of the results that we're getting people and how do we make getting those results easier right and not just resting on like it is what it is, right? The solution is the solution. No, you can constantly and so part of that for you is like wow, there are that now these new tools that we can start teaching people that Make this process even quicker and easier. And so therefore we're gonna we're gonna bring it in.

I wouldn't look at that at all man as a pivot. I would look at that as that's right, like technology has now expanded to allow us to do even greater things as part of our solution for our clients. It makes our solution that much better that much faster that much easier. Um, and so we're you know, we're gonna we're gonna do it. The other thing man is that you know, you're you are very very fortunate that you get to look at the states and see what happens in the States before right because it kind of gives you a glimpse into the the future and you know, it is interesting right now.

It's it is I'll tell you something. I'll share something with you that I know he would he would never problem with me me sharing. So right after our call. Yeah, I have a call with John Benson and John is been in the AI kind of copyrighting space or yeah operating dot AI right. I'm not sure what he's got it he's got so many different things but he's he's his tool is evolved so much.

He's right, but here is the thing and so and I'm not sharing anything that he wouldn't share so. Here is the thing. What is he seen in the states? He's seen people other people putting their flag in the ground. This is an important lesson for you putting their flag in the ground and claiming to be Vai, you know, the AI spent like person the AI right Pro like, right and so and and it it bothers him.

And so he reached out and he said Todd I you know, can we have a conversation? Can we get can I get on the schedule to talk to you about how do I claim? How do I put my flag in the ground when there are all these? You know people and here is the the answer and this is this is valuable for you just to ponder because the states were so ahead now in this AI area that What your what you're seeing and what you always see is when a new a new thing comes comes around. Yeah, what you see is you see these the you see the flags being put in the ground from a generalist perspective.

Like AI who's the go-to AI person. That's what you're hearing right now on Facebook. Who's the go to AI person for marketers, right? And there's this person's naming name this person's name this part like who's the who's the one and what you're going to see happen next and what John is going to need to do next is specializing in terms of the flag in the ground. So not just becoming the AI person but you're gonna see who's the go-to AI person for Facebook ads who's the go-to AI person right or for media, but who's the go to AI person for video creation?

Who's the go-to AI person for long form copy? Who's the go-to AI person? For vsls, that's what you're gonna see over time. Right? And so what John needs to do is not put his flag in the ground from a generalist perspective General AI perspective but put his flag in the ground in terms of a specialty because that's what you see all the time.

There was years ago with there were courses being sold on website traffic right how to get website traffic and then it was how to get you know webs paid traffic and then how to get face Facebook traffic and then right how to get there how to do retargeting, right? It becomes splintered over time. And so, you know, but you are fortunate because you're ahead of ahead of the but it's incredible how fast it's moved in the states. I I can't recall in the 20 plus years. I've been doing this something take over and impact the way the way this has and so it's it's quite nuts.

That's insane. So so just recap that lesson because it's it's quite interesting which said Todd and so when if you want to claim like To be the go-to person in in something that you see is blowing up and everybody's claiming to be as young the the go-to guy for X topic. You want to go to the X topics. You want to claim that X Topic in Subtopic. Is that which is correct?

Yeah, you want to Splinter? Yeah. Yeah. You want to you want to Splinter? You want to think about it?

Like you want it? The best example dude is you want like there was a time, you know years and years ago, right like whatever, you know many many moons ago. You know a hundred years ago, whatever where there was a town doctor. There was a town doctor right gunshot wound cancer headache, whatever snake bite right? You went to the town doctor it was that was it.

It was a doctor, right? And that's every now. I'm on the doctor. I'm the doctor on the doctor. And then what what happened then there became the pediatrician.

Well, I only work with kids, right? Oh, okay. So right and then there became the Pediatric neuro Surge and right and so there's always this it goes from General to specialist over time. Right and so in the beginning everybody's the generalist everybody's the I I I'll tell you with AI right there are YouTube channels that all things AI there are newsletters now all things Ai and it's funny because it's the same exact pattern at the very beginning. It's always General and then what happens is somebody comes along and splinters off and and right Narrows the focus.

They become the Pediatric In and now wow, the pediatrician makes more money than the general doctor and then what happens the pediatric neurosurgeon comes along whose specialized like this, but that person makes multiples of what the pediatrician makes and that's that's that right. Like, you know, that's that splintering effect that you see all the time. If you look back right if you look back in you'll see it. It happens over and over and every Marketplace goes from General to spend so you see everybody generally putting their their flag in the ground you pick the the specialty you pick what's coming next. Got it, but then would you look at the competition before determining that because you see them having you know, big Revenue more case studies.

And so you would decide to Branch off and start capturing these sub markets or or okay, that's yes. Okay. Yeah right player already and everybody's popping up. You wouldn't shrink down to you know, well, so it's all you know, it's an interesting thing because when you say when you say shrink down, you're the the way to really, you know, I hate to use the word shrink because it's got negative connotations in business yet right now, like I mean look, you know, like if you look at the the space in, you know, like look, you know the whole idea of you know, the the category King first of all, you know, so a couple things so first of all right there there are very few category Kings period right like very few category Kings. So if you look at the the online space the online marketing space whatever in the states, right and you look at you look at a guy like let's say Jeff Walker right where he didn't just put his flag in the ground with online marketing or online right product launches product launches.

Boom, right? Like if you look at the like you'll see it over over time. He you could make the case that he became the category King in terms of launching a product, right? Yeah, right like and so that's smaller than if he was the category King for all things online marketing but um, there's a point where like look, there is a point where um And I think this is the lesson. Let me let me just think for one second.

There is a point where you're not going to become the big category King. You got to pick the slice and become the category King of the slice. Okay, so right you know what I'm saying? Like I would dare to say that like right like if you wanted to do if you wanted to offer a streaming video service a street streaming video, sir. You're the category King belongs to Netflix.

Right? Like right. You're not going the likely what it would take to knock off Netflix today would be astronomical. But so where else could we be the category King? Could we be the category King with all things streaming that don't have profanity or nudity like for people that want clean right or or you know, or or something like where can we where can we be the category King and that that's in it.

That's a distinction right that that needs to be made. So sometimes it's like right I'd love to be Category King here, but there is a category King there. And so let me find another place that I can go and be the category King. Yes. Got it.

That's also why I would say if you look around and you see um. You see Flags in the ground right where people are like, you know, I'm the I'm the king. I own this face. I own this space. I own this.

I own this face. I always tell clients. Why the heck would you go in that playground and try to take over like right? Why would you go there and you got, you know, like you're you know to me that's the you're in the bloody red ocean. Why would you do that when you can just you might as well just find your slice and I don't mean slice as in it's not it I'm not even talking size find the place where nobody's put their flag in the ground right and you put your flag in the ground.

gotcha, but then how how would you know ahead of time Todd to or would you know that it's just in time where we start planting our flag and that and it won't be too early into the game if that makes sense. Yeah. So, um, that's a great question. I wish I had a scientific answer like I wish I had an answer honestly for you. That was you know, I think that you know look, I think like are you are you asking that because you're worried like you know AI is I would say to you that if AI was not on the radar of your audience.

If AI was not on the radar where most people were like, why is even talking about this or what the heck is AI or like what's even the significant well or what is AI they need to look it up then you're early. But if it's on their radar already right then no, I don't think that um, I don't think that you you can be too early while like look so let me say this. Let me be let me be careful here and let me be clear with this so As long as it's on their radar they're aware of it. They're starting to be some Buzz some percolating, you know, um about this right you if it's not too early to put your flag in the ground. Now when you put your flag in the ground, you might not get this immediate take off because it's still early in the product.

It's not too early, but it's still early but that that will pay off right eventually that will pay off when in our marketing we're able to say right. I'm the longest I've been doing AI for here's a screenshot of right when I was doing this three years ago and blah before everybody was talking about it. Right most of these people are my students they heard about it from me you'd be able to say all that and that's right. And so um, so there's there's value there man, you know, there's value dude, you know, like for you there's there's so much value in this even even this this thinking because there's massive value dude in owning a space. Yeah.

Owning a space. Like I just I think that always like one of the things that you know, one of the conversations that I have all the time is, um, Internally when we're looking at potentially partnering with somebody on a business. Yeah, when we're looking at acquiring a business when we're thinking of new business or even with clients this idea of don't like go like, you know, go to a go to open land that you can own we I want to be able to put the flag in the ground. You don't want to be one of a dozen flags. That is a miserable existence.

You're gonna do get out right like everything becomes that much harder when you want to be able to own it and like worthy. We are the go-to in this Arena where the authority in this Arena. That's the way that you want to you want to look at it. Have you ever read? Um, have you ever read?

Blue Ocean strategy. No, I haven't is it is it in your must read list as well? So I'm getting that is it is. Um it is and I'll tell you this. That book this is kind of funny.

It's not a it's not your typical business read so it's not it's not the most enjoyable read. Um, but before that business, excuse me, that book changed my life because before I ever got my the business that I had before I launched um our Core Company, so this is now going back, you know, many many moons ago. We made a lot of money working with chiropractors because we took action on on that on that book like and it really is about it really is about how do you look at competitors and look at what they're offering and how do you mold and adapt what you're offering to go from competing in a bloody red ocean? To a blue ocean where you're really a category of one God and and so it's all Framing and positioning right? It's all framing positioning targeting and so well worth you reading man.

Awesome. I've got that ring down and I'm getting it right away after and you know, it's interesting that you spoke about. choosing someone to partner with and how you're looking to see those opportunities because that's also the other thing I was struggling with because we get these, you know, we we're kind of like the go-to guys right now for online marketing getting customers off the internet. Online and whatnot and now companies are you know, just like huge companies from different Industries are reaching out to us and and some even like I have gone public and are dishing out big contracts big numbers. Wanting our help and but each of them have different terms and you know.

different deliverables that that they need and so we're always so confused because if we are to pick them up then, you know, sometimes the back and forth negotiations and the contracts and whatnot would take a long time and A lot of times delivery of the services for those people like the consultations and the done for you aspects. We're always struggling with whether or not we should take on those projects in risk of you know, sacrificing some of the performance for what we're doing on the schedule, like all of our our scheduled campaigns. So but how would you go about you know juggling and seeing these opportunities and determine whether or not yeah, I'll tell you great question very common issue right great question, very common issue issue that we even dealt with um in the very beginning when we started entertaining, um, you know opportunities and so take what it is that I'm about to say with a grain of salt. This is the way that we approach it might not be exactly perfect for you but ponder it and so I I would say man that number one is you need to decide you need to get clarity decide and then document what type of opportunities you are ultimately looking for which ones you would consider and which ones you wouldn't You have to you have to get clear on what is that criteria? So that that could mean You know, let's say like, for example, I'll give you a simple example.

So for us there they have to we we won't we don't consider any opportunities that are um startups where they haven't launched anything where they're pre revenue. And so that like number one right off the bat nothing pre Revenue, right? They have to have certain assets that have to have certain things going on, you know traffic blah blah blah. Um, and so yeah, you have to decide what are the type of deals that you want and what are the type of deals that you or what's the criteria? The next thing is what does the deal?

What do you want the deal to look like or what does the deal need to look like for you? Um, Like what will you accept and what won't you accept? So another words that could be right like this the this is the exact type of arrangement that we do with people that are looking to partner with us. We're we're right we allocate you know, no more than call it five hours a week. Um, it's got to be worth a minimum of X number of dollars per month to us.

We need to get let's just say a minimum of X percent revenue of equity and we need to get a minimal of X number of dollars, you know per month. We need to be paid. Let's say awful Top Line not not bottom line. And you know, we will we you know, we will only communicate via whatever, you know meet Zoom or slack or blah blah, whatever it may be but you have to decide exactly what it is that you're willing to do and not do so that there is no negotiation. Right?

So like there is no negotiation. You know, it's it's a beautiful thing in the We've got a we've got a you know the company CarMax. So no, okay, so I didn't know if they were in the states only so most dealerships car dealerships. I hate cars. I'm not a car guy like at all.

I drive a truck like not a right most dealerships it it it's like you walk into the dealership to buy a new car and you're gonna get pounded by the sales guy. They're gonna upsell you on this that rugs like forget about it. It's nuts and it's the worst experience. Well, I love CarMax because what they did was they're kind of unique positioning was we don't negotiate are the price is on the window of the vehicle. There is no negotiation.

Right? It's like so the the sales people they get a flat commission. No matter how much the car is. There's not right like there's so there's zero negotiation and the sales person's like I there is no budging. I can't I can't charge you more.

I can't get you less. There's no deal whatsoever. And so when you've got that frame set like with clients or prospective clients and you let them know this is exactly how we work. This is what we what we offer right? We don't negotiate on it.

It's not like we're not looking for these one-off custom deals. It changes things and so I that eliminates the need to you know, like I'm not I am personally I have no interest in negotiating any going back and forth and saying well, will you take this or will you take this it's not this is how we work if you want our help, right? We know our ideal partnership. We know what we bring to the table. We know what we can do right like and we've got a whole kind of you know rubric of let's look at you know, let's look at the business.

Let's look at the marketplace. Let's look at the history. Let's look at the products. We let's look at the assets. Let's look at what it is that what's the team made of the tech stack all those things?

Right? Let's look at the trends in the in the in the market as it relates to the the problems that they're solving and okay. This is exactly it meets our criteria. This is exactly the type of partner that we're we're looking for and we let them know right here is what we here's what we do if you're interested cool. If not, we also understand.

Got it and has that been built like the criteria you set on as I've been billed based off of the experiences in the past? Where you okay? Oh, yeah. Yeah, like where like okay, you know, we're never doing that again because that you know, yeah, absolutely and so, you know certain things, you know, this goes back to like your skill sets and what you're most passionate about, you know, like, you know, and that that's why you really got to put it put together your own like right like what's the business owner who's the business owner that you could truly help the most right and how could you truly help them the most not and that's why I like operating this way, um because It's not about they oftentimes. They don't know what they don't know.

So they don't know your superpower. They don't know what you see right and and what you can do to ultimately help them. So why would I want them to dictate the terms of the relationship right if they meet the criteria and you know in your heart of hearts, I can really help them. We can make a bundle of money together doing some great business right really growing your your business. And here's how we can write like this is we've done this many times before here's how we we do it.

Here's how we work best if that's agreeable to you cool. If it's not I totally understand. That's all. Yeah, that's that's all. That's a lot more easier to to scale that way.

That's for sure as well. And it'll it'll eliminates man. Like, you know, again it it's you know, what, you know, I'm I'm a big believer man in in, you know, like decision fatigue and right and so I just want to eliminate as much of that. You know, like I just want to eliminate as much of that kind of processes. I can make it very simple make it black and white if they meet the criteria do they meet the criteria right?

Like yes, cool. This is how we can most help them. They they cool with it. Awesome. Let's roll and then it and then it's smooth right like it's smooth because you know, it's smooth.

It's when we've you know, like taking each one individually that we've just allowed things to slip through the cracks and and then it's not enjoyable for anybody. Yeah, and you sleep a lot better at night for sure and by just saying no to that guy and this person for sure and I Todd what about in regards to let's say forecasting A campaign or funnel like for example right now. We've got a couple of since last year we've uh around December Vienna December, we've been planning like all of the our our campaigns and our our stuff for like the entire year, but at some point we're looking at our existing Evergreen funnels and we're thinking, you know, maybe around this month. We should start planning renewing it. And and whatnot, but it's just refreshing it like right exactly.

Yeah. Sure. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and I But it was just kind of like a blind like a base off the gut kind of feel it's always wondering if you would have like a typical metric or kind of be signs on on when we that should be on the radar so to speak or yeah, I yeah, it's a great question. And ironically we were just we were discussing this yesterday as a matter of fact and so it's fresher my mind and so it's funny that you asked that so, um, the answer is first of all, I think that the thinking is spot on there there will likely come a point when you need to refresh or read a campaign.

Sometimes that can be just literally changing the format of the page. Sometimes it might be rewriting the the deck copy. Sometimes it might be relating doing a new lead for the for the campaign. Sometimes it it may mean that you've got a space the campaign out a little bit more like not run it every three months but run it every five months or run it every six months what I look at and what I would tell you to look at is you got to reverse engineer a little bit the historical data that you have on your campaigns and then meaning like mmm. What you ultimately want to look at man is you want to look at how many new people how many fresh people?

Have you added to your list right in between right. How many fresh people have you added to your list and just looking at Fresh people right? Have you added enough fresh people to your list to your house file that if you ran the campaign again, you could get similar numbers unique visitors that you got the last time when the answer becomes no that you're not able like it just looking at Fresh leads assuming that we didn't get any, you know older people on the list to click to to click over right? Um, if looking at new leads, if you're not adding enough people where you wouldn't be able to get the same level of visitors as before then that's when it's time to to start to refresh retool retweek things. Got it and just All I get clear with the terminology Todd what when you say refresh is that different from doing like a split test.

Bird, um, so yeah. So for us the answer is yes, that's a little bit different than than doing a split test. So with a split test, right obviously, you know, whenever we do a split test we do a simple A/B test we change one thing on the page and only one thing so might be let's change the headline and that's it leave everything else the same a refresh is a little bit you could say that every refresh, you know, every refresh we're still gonna test it, of course just to make an educated decision but a refresh is ultimately to try to make it appear different. So I don't want I want it to appear like it's something new right? So right we might change the formatting of the page drastically from plain white to something really colorful to bigger Bolder font might even change the the look and feel plus the the headline or the deck copy, you know.

Of the above the fold might change the formatting might change from a vsl to a long form sales letter right version so that it feels different. So we're refreshing it to bring it from feeling old to feeling new if you got it. Okay. Right and that's to compensate for all for knowing that like we're gonna have a lot of old people that probably on the house list that saw the offer already that are gonna need to see it again and hopefully not immediately bounce but see it as something new got it, but then what about for campaigns that you know, we already have ads running to them consistently, you're you're round and you know, you know, we don't typically stop and oftentimes. Every week we we check in on it all already.

And sometimes we do some split tests this kind of see we can beat the existing often metrics and whatnot. Is there like yeah, is there like a method that we can foresee whether or not you know at this time? This should start falling and start losing its Effectiveness and then start picking plan ahead of time for those campaigns. Oh, not really that's a difficult thing. So like another words.

You're you're kind of really right. Correct me if I'm mistaken, but it's almost I wish there was the ability for us to predict in advance when a campaign was ultimately gonna stop working and yeah, I wish that we if we yeah, I wish that we did we could do that. I I think that's just the value of That's the value of looking at metrics and looking at trend lines for your you know, your your metrics right? Like, you know, most of the time dude when something stops working. It doesn't stop working overnight.

Right? Like it doesn't it doesn't plummet there's usually a steady decline and so we're gonna we we pay attention to that you're gonna plot that out and you're gonna know like, all right. This thing is trending down and and so we need to we need to jump on this, you know, all right. Yeah, that makes sense. Actually.

We've also seen that in Our campaigns that's kind of privilege. Awesome. Okay. Thanks and just just one more thing. I want to get clear as well before you wrap this up because I I I've been kind of reviewing the E5 coaching lessons that haven't been looking The Edge getting clear for aov and LTV definitions.

And so I just kind of run that by with you alv is revenue generated divided by the number of customers gain and LTV is uh, correct me if I'm wrong, but total revenue. Divide up total revenue over a period of time divided by a number of buyers. Right but a lot of times I would take on, you know, we'll bring up aov in our monthly meetings where we look at. You know, what what is the aov of this funnel but Is that is that the correct usage of how we look at the average LV? And or should that be LTV because it's you know more than one day that makes a great great question.

So I love it awesome question. So yes, that is the that is the correct way. Uh, you know, like you're you're using it correctly I think and let me be clear. Let me step back for one second and say this there are a lot of different ways to to use aov. Um, there are you know, there are a lot of different ways to even calculate LTV, but I would say that what you've described is is how we do it.

Okay, and so, um, so whether you should use aov which is the amount of really like the amount of money that you collect on average per um, per buyer on days zero right days zero. Whether you should use aov or whether you should use LTV. Is really dependent on a business. So a big business that is um, you know cash flow positive that has a nice healthy. Margin, I would say it's smarter to use LTV than it is to use aov because using aov just stifles your growth right because you're you're basically looking at it this way, right?

This is why I go back to this and you've heard me say this a ton of times. We're just investors and look at it like this right that you're investing in those assets that asset has a value on days zero but it also has a value a greater value day 30 day 60 day 90 day 180, right like ideally like if you're continuing to sell them, right? So it's got a a value on Day Zero the lowest value that it will ever have is day zero, right it only it will only go up from there. So If we're only using Day Zero value while it's the safest for a business in terms of profit. Margin, it's also the least aggressive right and so in a healthy big business, right you look at what is the lifetime value or the customer value at day 30 or day 60 the further out you go the more aggressive you're becoming right?

And so that's all it is. All you're doing is ultimately saying well, what's this person worth in 60 days to us. Let's just use a big chunk of that to get them knowing that it's gonna take us 60 days to make our money back and become profitable or Right, let's use you know, um a hundred and eighty days. What what's that? What's a customer Worth to us and 180 days.

This is an investment. We're willing to be profitable in six months. What are they worth to us in six months? Okay, let's take a chunk of that and use that to acquire a new buyer. And that's really right for for what it's worth.

It's um, it's it's interesting. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm Gonna Leave You with this real quick. I want you to think about this so go over listen to the somebody just sent me this so I haven't listened to the full episode. But have you ever listened to the I love marketing podcast? Yeah, I okay.

Yeah. Well with Dean Jackson, right correct Dean Jackson and Joe polish, okay on them on that. I believe the most recent the most recent episode. Okay, there is um the person they're interviewing. Her name is Brooke Castillo.

You know, Brooke. Oh life coach life coach. Okay life goes right after school. Yeah, um listen to Brooke. explain Right and you're gonna hear Brooks say You're Gonna Hear Brooke.

Say I learned on that episode You're Gonna Hear say, I learned this from Todd Brown and it changed everything. You're gonna hear say, right which is exactly what we're talking about, which is going from right like I'm gonna use aov to determine what I can spend to get a customer to using LTV to determine what it is that I can spend right to acquire a customer You're Gonna Hear talk about how did she go? How did she get to 50 million dollars a year with that by switching from focusing on aov to LTV and that all it is is just it's being willing to invest more so you're right all you're doing bro. All you're doing when your team is you're saying right aov, right? What did it cost us to acquire these buyers?

And what are these buyers? Back in our pocket so it cost us a hundred bucks and they put back a hundred cool cost us 200 bucks and they put back 200 cool cost us 500 and they put back 500 cool to me. All that is the same. It's all acquiring acquiring valuable assets for free and what are they worth to us in a month in two months and three months and six months and nine months. That's where the money is made.

And that's LTV. Whereas and that's LTV is day one an area and day 0 aov. We always look at is day is we call it Day Zero the day that they become a buyer day Zero is aov. It's day Zero LTV is everything after so look at it. This way aov is just the first transaction LTV includes every transaction.

Got it. Okay. Okay. Thank you for these definitions on thank you for all those lessons today. This has been another you got it.

I love it man. You're amazing dude. I I thoroughly enjoy our conversations. I can't wait. I'm already excited for the next one.

If you need anything you let us know man. We're here for you. Whatever you need. You come to us man. Will do.

Thanks so much time we should
