---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-17 13:01:29"
date: 2025-06-17
duration: 58m
duration_seconds: 3522
vimeo_id: 1094066985
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-17 13:01:29

**Date:** 2025-06-17 | **Duration:** 58m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hmm, what's going on, guys? Good morning. Good morning. Hey, good morning. All right, so I really only have one thing for us to cover this morning.

I want to go back to the document that I sent you guys yesterday. Uh, I'm just gonna share my screen here. Um, okay. And I just wanna cover a few things on here. Okay.

All right. So I just wanna go over this, um, one more time, go into a little bit more detail on a couple things. Um, and then what I really just wanna cover this morning is I want to, uh, I wanna understand how we're going to, uh, how you envision splitting this up. Like I said, Brian, whether it is you doing the lead and the argument and Keith doing the, the offer portion, um, or I just wanna kind of talk that through a little bit. Um, and then I want to put some dates down for when assets are due, like first draft kind of thing, um, and whatnot, so that we can get feedback, uh, long before the, um, the due date.

So, so once again, just a, an, uh, an ultra quick recap of the dates. So the promo actually begins, the, this is being delivered as a, as a live webinar. Um, I told you guys that we're focusing on improving the live webinar in two areas. One is giving a more, uh, you know, giving that outline so that Todd Dotson and Jim have an order. They know specific chunks to cover, um, and the purpose of those chunks and whatnot.

Um, and so we're gonna improve the argument portion of the webinar. And number two, we're gonna improve the quality, the, the, the, the feel, the look and feel being done in a studio. Uh, we've got a host, all that kind of jazz. Now that webinar is taking place, the, the, the first official webinar is taking place on July, um, 10th. Now, what we're doing is on July 7th, eighth and ninth, we're releasing, uh, three pieces of content.

I'm gonna cover that, those pieces of content just in one second. There. It's gonna be, uh, uh, like a live stream that Jim is, is, uh, is gonna be doing. They are gonna be live streamed from the, um, from the studio. And this is for what we're calling, uh, I think the, uh, breakthrough Week.

Um, something like that, kingdom, kingdom Wealth Breakthrough Week. Um, and let me see, yeah, kingdom Wealth Breakthrough Week. Um, and so that's gonna happen on July 7th, eighth and ninth. Now, the week before, starting on July 2nd, I know that this is over July 4th for us, but starting on July 2nd, which is a Wednesday, uh, July 2nd is a Wednesday, we're gonna begin to register people for Breakthrough Week. So July 2nd, July 3rd, July 4th, and July 5th.

Uh, so Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, we're going to send out emails to register people for Breakthrough Week. So this is gonna go out to the entire house file minus anybody that is already registered in the past for the accelerator. And so anybody that's already purchased the accelerator, so we're gonna get people registered for breakthrough. Um, this, this breakthrough week, I think I mentioned yesterday, that, uh, this is gonna include like a temporary, um, Facebook group. So we're going to, uh, we're gonna put people in, into the Facebook group, um, for this just as another kind of communication channel for us in addition to email.

Uh, and we've got somebody on the team that is gonna be managing that to stimulate comments, engagement feedback, right? They're gonna be posting the, um, the, the, uh, making sure that the stream happens, getting feedback on the stream, uh, getting people ready for the next stream, the next day, all that. So we've got this during the breakthrough week. It's not just those three live streams, it's also this little kind of mini community that we're, um, we're building. And then after those three days, actually, now let me do this first, show you this.

So, over here, this is, this is really kind of a behind the scenes document that we were working on, but you can see the, um, the three topics for the, um, for the, those three live streams. So on, uh, the seventh, it's born for more, activate Your Kingdom assignment, uh, again, breaking limiting beliefs around purpose. Uh, you know, like the idea of, you know, how God blesses, you know, the work of your hands, not your butt on the couch kind of thing. Um, the idea of, you know, kingdom assignment, personal impact. So the theme being right, economics, why wealth is part of your calling, right?

The role of wealth in Kingdom impact the theology and stewardship of wealth as a tool. Kingdom worldview on money and mission, blah, blah, blah. Why many believers stay stuck in lack, limiting beliefs around prosperity and generosity, and how, um, wealth expands Kingdom reach. So really kind of getting their head right here in terms of what, you know, their, their, their calling as a believer, right? Making sure that they understand, um, you know, uh, you know, their, their purpose.

Uh, and then understanding in the next one, wealth and the role in the life of a believer and, um, and, and whatnot. And so, getting their head right about wealth and money and income, and its use as a believer and as a steward. And then finally in the third one, it's the three wealth paths. Three wealth paths build income that builds, um, the Kingdom, right? Uh, and it's an introduction to the three main wealth vehicles, strengths and challenges of each, why real estate is uniquely leveraged and accessible, and then some light future pacing to the webinar.

So ultimately, right, you know, that Jim is a believer in, um, business paper or, you know, stocks, equities, and real estate. And so this one is going to, it's gonna introduce them to all three, kind of explain why Jim feels strongly about those, those three, um, with a big emphasis on, um, on real estate. Uh, and then of course, um, a little future pace to the, um, to the webinar content, meaning that at the end of this third live stream, uh, a little kind of soft plug for, uh, the live webinar and the live webinar. Uh, so the live webinar, we're gonna be positioning it as a sort of real estate with God activation training. Uh, and this is where, and this may change based on the, based on the outline, based on what it is that you guys, that you come up with, or the angle that we decide to, um, to go with.

But what's gonna happen is they're gonna do a very short recap of the three days leading up to, uh, this is what we want at the, at the beginning, a little, a little short recap, right? So you don't have to worry about this, like, for, we don't have to worry about this, right? They're gonna be able to cover this, just a short recap of the three days, and then go into the webinar, offer the whole nine. Uh, and so that is going to be, um, those three days right here. And then, like I said, uh, uh, July 10th is the live webinar.

This is when the cart officially opens up for the, um, breakthrough Week registrants. Now, the next day, two things are gonna happen. The next day is gonna be Friday, July 11th. We're gonna run a replay for, uh, a replay of the webinar for the Breakthrough Week re uh, registrants. So everybody that had registered for Breakthrough Week, they're gonna get the opportunity to go through a, um, a replay.

Um, and we're going to start promoting a webinar, uh, for the remainder of the house list. Now, the remainder of the house list, that webinar is gonna be the next day, which is Saturday. And so Saturday afternoon. So in other words, Friday, July 11th, we're gonna begin promoting the webinar the next day for the remainder of the House list. This is everybody on the house list, minus the people that registered for Breakthrough Week and minus the people that already participated in the accelerator program.

So everybody else on the house file that didn't want to, that, that didn't, uh, that hasn't gone through the accelerator and that, excuse me, didn't register for Breakthrough Week for whatever reason. Um, we're going to do the webinar then for them on July 12th. Then what's gonna happen is on the 14th, um, which is Monday the 14th, 15th and 16th, we'll do three days. Uh, and we, we could actually do two days if we wanted, which we can discuss in a, in a in a second. Um, we're gonna do a push for the cart close.

And so this is where everybody that registered for Breakthrough Week, ev and everybody that registered on the house file for the Saturday webinar are gonna be, uh, are gonna be pushed to, you know, to purchase, this is the, call it the, the conversion sequence, if you will, or the bulk of the conversion sequence where right Monday, there'll be a Monday, July 14th, there'll be an email, uh, Tuesday, uh, July 15th. So Monday, July 14th, there'll be an email, uh, Tuesday, July 15th, there'll be an email. And then Wednesday, July 16th, if we decide to go to the 16th, there'll be three emails. If we don't decide to go to the 16th and we only decide to do it on the 14th and the 15th, then there'll be likely, uh, you know, uh, one or two emails on the 14th, and then three emails on the 15th. That's just really up to, uh, to us what we think, uh, is needed.

And so, any high level questions just so far about the schedule? No. Okay. So, um, the, the, uh, assuming that we're gonna go with the, um, well, does anybody have any opinion or any feeling one way or another about the, um, the cart, the, the, the cart close? So, right, the, the re so in the past, we've done these long open cart windows, right?

They've done these, you know, they've done these cart windows, they, you know, like an open cart for like seven days, 10 days. Just to me, what felt really, really long, like, um, and so the thought was right, that we're really opening this up on the 10th, right? Uh, and we don't wanna give folks like, Hey, you know, you have a week to, to think about this thing, right? And so, you know, uh, so that's why what originally what they originally pitched was the 15th. My only concern with this, and maybe it's not, maybe it's totally unfounded, we certainly could do the 15th, was just, we only then have two really two days to, I guess, two days to push for the people that watch the webinar on Saturday, only because Sunday is just a, is a terrible mailing day for us.

Like, uh, we, we just find that very few people open it on open on Sunday. And so, in other words, I guess what we could do if we wanted to move this to the 15th was we could do an email at night on the 12th, and then the 14th and 15th. We certainly could do that. Any any thoughts? Yeah, I mean, in my experience, like if you're gonna run a sale, you need at least three days just because people, like, there's a delay, you know what I mean?

Like, like, people open their emails and then like, the second highest open day is the next day. So you, you literally, like, if you open one day and then close 'em the next day, it just, you're just cutting off people's awareness. Well, so remember, this is the, this is the 12th, this is Saturday. So we could close on Tuesday. This would be the 16th, I guess it's true, Is Wednesday, but this would be, um, Tuesday.

I'm thinking, I'm really balancing two things here, right? I'm thinking number one, right? We, we, we've we're so to keep things simple, to keep things simple, I wanna run the same deadline for the, for these people and these people. In other words, I don't wanna run two deadlines, right? Like, I don't wanna close it out for these people on one date and then close it out for these people on another date, because then we're gonna, we're gonna have to be like the, the cart close emails.

We're gonna have to, you know, have two different versions of those. Now, not that it's such a big deal to do that, but I just think that it adds a level of complexity that we don't really need. And so, right. This is, you know, these people on the 10th, and then we would let them know that, right? Which is Thursday night, that this is, that this offer is open until Tuesday at 1159, you know, PM Pacific time.

And then these people who again, resisted registering for Breakthrough Week got on here, right? They would have from Saturday to Tuesday night. I think that that's okay. Yeah, that should be fine. Any, any, you know, anybody else have any strong thoughts one way or another?

If not, that's cool. Yeah, I, I think, I think there's, there's, there's different urgency embedded within all of these campaigns. Like, that's how I've always pushed backend campaigns. I think it's, I think it got it from Clayton's, OPM mm-hmm. Online profit Multiplier.

So it's like you've got, you know, the webinar and then they've got like a deadline to register for the webinar. Then they've got a deadline to watch the live encore replay at the webinar. Then they've got like, the live, the static, watch it in your own time, uh, replay. And then it's like, how I structure then is like sales page. So it's like, if you, sorry guys, I'm just back from travel.

Um, if you've missed the live webinar, um, here's the Cliff notes and the Cliff notes. I usually use like a G Doc, you know, G Doc sales page. Um, and then I move it into like card close for, and sometimes I have done card closes for, for two days, you know, but you, you can like stack up the emails then on, on the, on the final two days. Like, you know, send three to five emails on, on those, you know, hard push days. Okay, so tell me, so, uh, 'cause I saw Keith, you were, you were, um, nodding along with that, so, right, so one of the things, so we've got this, so we've got this, you know, so what I was gonna ask Brian was, so we've got this webinar on Saturday, I guess.

I mean, we certainly could, it's not a great mailing day for us, but we could do something on, we could do something on, on Sunday, or we could do something on Monday, and then just have the cart close be Tuesday, Wednesday, right? So we could do, you know, uh, July, make this July 15th through 16th, and that's the cart close. That's Tuesday and Wednesday, and then this is Monday. Uh, let's just do this. If we wanted to, I mean, this is a Sunday.

We could leave this, we could leave this, uh, You could do the Cliff notes thing those days. So like after the webinar, say like, Hey, if you missed the webinar, here's the cliff notes of the web, which is just the sales. And, and then it could be like, sales page coming is coming down and then push it into the car close. And so what would you envision? So what would you envision the CliffNotes?

So what would you envision the CliffNotes being? It's just a sales page. I do it in, I usually do it in a, in a Google doc. And it's just the same way as, you know, typical webinars would, would send, so when the webinar expires, they'd send it to a sales page. Um, I send it to 'em in a G Doc, and the G Doc has always outperformed the sales page whenever I've done it.

I'm not sure why I don't, maybe the novelty of it or the different feel of it. Um, or maybe it's that it does feel like it's notes rather than sales message. I'm not sure. But, um, that, that's all it would be. And then like, you could, like with the G Doc, the reason why I'm using it as well is like, 'cause it's like, gives me a chance to stack urgency.

So it's like I'm saying this document is coming down tonight, you know, so just the, the subject line has that urgency, everything has that urgency baked into it, you know? Um, but it doesn't mean the offer's coming down tonight just means the sales pages. You can still then run the emails direct into cart, then after that, you know. Okay. So I have a question.

Sure. Um, does the majority of the sales come from this? Do you happen to know like, what the split is Versus what I'd say the close, Like these, like these people versus, versus these people, like the people who came through Breakthrough Week versus the people who just went through the replay? Well, So remember that this is the first time that we're doing sort of a, sort of a breakthrough week. Um, I mean, we've done, they've, they've done, I think on the, on the document down here, uh, somewhere over here.

I, I included these, I don't know, this was before me, so I don't know when they used these, but this looked like it was, there were a couple videos on here that were leaked prior to the webinar that they, that they did. Um, but so to answer the question, uh, Michael, what I would say is that if you're asking me do I, where, where do, do I think that the Breakthrough Week participants are gonna buy more or just the straight to webinar people? I think the Breakthrough Week people are gonna buy more. And so, because I think that the Breakthrough Week people, a couple things, this is, and right, I'm, I could be totally wrong on this, but based on what I understand about this, this audience, I would say that number one, I think the people that attend that register and attend the Breakthrough Week one or more of the live streams or watch one or more of the live streams or the recording, um, 'cause they're gonna live, the recordings are gonna live inside that Facebook group. Those are people that are more engaged on the list and they're more, um, attached, like, in other words, right?

They're registering for this breakthrough week, they're into it, they wanna see more, they wanna hear more. They're likely gonna be made up of, you know, prior buyers. More buyers are gonna be in that, um, in that group. And, and you couple that with the fact that hopefully they'll bond with Jim, get more exposure to Jim. Um, and so have a different level of trust going into the webinar.

So I would expect that the webinar for the Breakthrough Week people is going to be, is gonna have better attendance and is gonna have a higher, um, conversion rate. That's just my prediction. Again, I could be totally wrong on that. I think, again, the, the only reason why we're going back to the House file is because for whatever reason, some people might not want to commit to a breakthrough week to right. Going through a series of videos.

They might be more interested in a one-off 60, 90 minute training, you know, um, with Jim, um, rather than, you know, breakthrough week. And so there are always stragglers that come in through these one-off, one-off touch points. Um, and so, um, so yeah, that's my, my prediction. Okay. I think, you know, I'm curious, um, I wanna go back to the, um, the Cliff notes because what we, so do you, Brian, do you use a dedicated sales page as well as the Google Doc version of the sales page?

I just use a Google Doc, uh, sales page with a, like, then the click through then is straight to the cart. Um, so you could do like, does, you could do the sales page. Um, as I said, the only reason why I did the G Doc is because it has always out converted the sales page. Maybe it's the novelty, maybe it's the informal feel to it. I'm not too sure, but it's always beaten anytime I've done it.

Well, I think what's really interesting is I think, um, I wonder if what we do is, and um, and send Google Doc sales page to, um, right, so we do the live webinar on Thursday for the Breakthrough Week people. Then on the 11th we do a replay of the webinar, um, for Breakthrough Week people and start promoting the webinar on Saturday for the remainder of the House file on Saturday. We do the live webinar for the house list and, and we send a Google Doc sales page to the Breakthrough Week, um, peeps. So these peeps then Thursday, uh, excuse me, then Sunday, I think maybe, um, we do nothing over here. 'cause this is Sunday and then over here, what if we do the Google Doc sp to, um, to that and then the 15th Tuesday, right?

This is Monday. The only question is what do we, what would we do over here for the Breakthrough Week people? 'cause we could say that, right? We could send the Google Doc on Saturday and let them know that Sunday night it's coming down, right? Uh, and it's interesting because, you know, and I'm, I'm curious, so, you know, I have a lot of buddies that have also used a Google doc and they, they talk about, you know, like, um, they talk about it doing well.

The thing that I don't, I I've never understood that and where, why I'm always thrown off by it is right on mobile. Isn't the formatting all wacky? I don't know, Todd. I've never really looked into it. It's just every, every time I've used it, it's, it's just Okay.

No, I mean, look, you know, yeah, I mean, so I'm, I'm down to, I'm down to do that. And so the question then, right, is on Monday we've got the Google Doc sp right to the house list of webinars. What if over here we just did a, um, we did, uh, we did a send, um, this was Breakthrough Week peeps to, um, to regular sales page. What about that? No.

What, or tell me what you guys think. I'm just brainstorming out loud here. If, if we, if we told them that the G Doc was expiring, I don't know if I'd send them to a sale. I'd maybe just extend the, the, um, deadline on the G Doc. You know?

So in other words, I get my, the question is, so in other words, at no point do you use a, um, do you use a sales page, like a, a webpage? Um, like you could use one or the other. Some, some people that I've worked would insist on using the sales page. Um, I prefer the G Doc, but it's the same purpose, I suppose. It's just a different format.

You know, it'd be like saying, Hey, we could do the webinar on Zoom, or we could kind of like do it on some other platform, you know? Um, so it's the same message, really, it's the same, it's achieving the same purpose as well. Because like you're just trying to like layer in another layer of urgency by saying like, this page will be removed tonight. Like these are the, the Cliff notes from the webinar. Like, so there's kinda value in it.

You're getting everything in, right? Some people prefer to consume information, um, to text rather than listening to a webinar as well too. See? Yeah. So what if then we did, okay, so what if we did, uh, over here, whoops, we did live webinar and we did replay again for Breakthrough Week.

Another words, so, right, they've got the live webinar on Thursday. They've got the replay on Friday, they've got the replay on Saturday. Um, right. So the replay, so that we've got a deadline for the replay, uh, um, the only thing is that what we may have to do is we may have to do live webinar for house list, um, plus replay at night and replay again for breakthrough week. I just wanna make sure that we give these people on Saturday, we give them the ability to watch a replay.

And so, so yeah. Hmm. I think, um, over here, I think we should just mail for, just in case then we could do send Google Doc sales page to everybody. Right? Available, available one day.

Is that Yeah, like deadline? Yeah. Could work. Usually I'd have it for, you know, two, two to three days. But one day, we'll, still, it's still just, We could do, you know, we could do two days.

That's fine. 'cause it's not, the cart doesn't close until, we'll close it on the, on the 16th, so we can do it. Right. It's available until, let's say, uh, you know, deadline, uh, evening of 15th. Because what I wanna do, I just wanna make sure, right?

So on the, on the 15th, um, you know, like ultimately I'm curious what you, what you guys, your, your thoughts on this, see, so, Hmm. But when, Go ahead. So Brian, so in the emails for July 14th and July 15th, instead of telling them that the cart closes, I'm just gonna tell 'em that the Google doc disappears. Is that, is that the insinuation? Yeah.

Yeah. So you're not saying the offer expires just, and it gives you another chance to bake in urgency, you're saying like, Hey, this page will be removed, you know, at midnight tonight, and you can, your subject lines are following something similar to what a card close. I can send you on samples as well of how I've done this before. Yeah, Well, I only, so there's a couple, there's a couple little, there's a couple little concerns I have. Go ahead, Keith.

Go ahead. Yeah. Um, on the Google doc, I know a lot of people that have used it, and I, I've written a couple in the past. The, the main concern that I have with it is what if they've never been exposed to it before? I know that's part of like, the novelty, but what if the group does not use the actual app that much?

So it's like, how interactive are they with it? I think it works really well a lot with like the marketer and like consultant crowd, because everyone uses Google Docs. Like I use it, it's very easy to navigate. It's not like some, it's, it's, it's enough to give to be like, Hey, I'm, I recognize I know what it is. So it's kinda like, Hey, this is new and different and I read through it.

But if it's like a, if it's like a churchgoer that might not even use it on a ever, like, I don't know if that's gonna be like too much of a jarring moment. Um, just kind this kind of thoughts that I have. I also, I also wouldn't wanna lose the cart closing. Like, I wouldn't want just like pop the question on the 16th and be like, Hey, by the way, um, Yeah, I think this is, yeah, this is so good. One more thing.

Yeah, one more thing, Todd. Sorry. No, that's all right. The second thought I had attached to that is, if we want to go through with it, is there any way that we can test the, like the, the response before the entire promo? Like, is there a piece of content or something that we could attach to a Gold Doc and see if we could attach it to a survey or anything like that?

See what the response rate might be, right? Like, um, I mean, maybe if we, even if we just attach like a survey, um, to an actual Google doc to see like how, how responsive people are to it. Yeah. So this is, so some, some great insights. So I'm gonna make a judgment call.

So, um, so I, I like the idea of the Google doc. I want to, I definitely want to test it. I don't want to test it here. And so, right. I, I wanna test it.

Like, and so we will, we'll find, you know, an opportunity to test it with another promo, but I don't want to test it here, there, so there's that. And there, just to put this on your radar as well. So another thing is that, um, that I really do think that what I'd like to do is, I think that on Sunday, so, so what I'd like to do is, I think on Sunday when we mail for the replay, I wonder if what we should do is put this on top of the sales page. So because the sales page is really kind of a mini sales page, it's not your typical like, you know, long form, you know, uh, sales page, uh, you know, like your traditional Agora style. It's more of like a mini, it's almost more like, you know, offer style.

That what we do is this, we have done in the past, we put the replay of the webinar at the top, and then what we do on the 13th and the 14th is we send to that page that replay, um, that replay page. And, and so mail replay on mini, um, mini sales page and then, um, send to, you know, again, it would be mail to replay on mini sales page. 'cause again, this is Sunday. And so I don't expect a whole lot from this. So we get this extra day, um, over here.

We could do replay, uh, on mini sales page at night this Sunday, Monday. Um, and then over here is Tuesday, Wednesday. And so, so far what, like, what do you think about this? And then I have a question for you guys about this. Yeah, I like It.

Okay. And so now my question is this, so in the push for the cart close, do you, do you think, what, what's your feeling on, what is your feeling on, uh, should we, in those emails, should we go to the webinar, to the mini sales page? Or should we go direct to the order form or I go order form, you like to go to direct to the order form. Let me throw out one other option. Yeah.

Or on the 15th we go, we mail to mini sales page. And then on the last day, those three emails, we go direct to order form. Aren't we, aren't we able to track based on interaction of the, of the video? Or are we able to track what In intent if they, if they watch the webinar or anything? Are we able to do that?

Sure, we can. We typically, you know, uh, we, so we used to do like consumption tracking, you know, like if somebody watched 15% or less, if somebody watched 50% or less, we, we certainly could do that. Um, if we didn't do Curious Keith, what you would, what you would do, you know, because let's, let's assume for one second, right? It's, it's almost like, let's say all we had was a sales page. We didn't have, let's say a webinar video, right?

And so we couldn't do consumption tracking, you know, traditionally would you, would you again, would you send, you know, would you send to see, I I've typically done almost all the time, I do direct to order form. The only thing that I sometimes wonder is right, if we typically use short order forms. And so, um, so if somebody hasn't had the opportunity to at that point watch the webinar, you know, or anything like that, then they're really going to the order form with very little context. And so what's the likelihood of them of them buying? Um, very little.

So, Yep, go Ahead. Initially, my thought, um, Todd, is the thing that keeps giving me pause is the, um, Saturday and Sunday, like knowing the conversations that we've had about the list, but then also me with all the lists in the past, like weekends never have never done well. Yeah. Um, so the first thing I think is like, it, would it, would it be goofy to even just send a couple email emails those days around different times? Um, would that like damage them in any way?

But I feel like it's, I feel like the best practice would be, and it might be extra work, I don't know if this is already implied, but probably doing the cart, the actual cart close, um, uh, direct to cart for the first group that gets the live webinar, um, on the 10th. And then I would probably stick with something that has a little bit more context for the other group that most likely are not watching it over the weekend. And they might have one day, um, one day of actual content or, you know, subtext within the whole promotion. 'cause if you do 12 and the 13th, that's two weekends. I mean, they might not get around till somewhere on Monday.

So that would be, so what if we did, so on Monday they get to watch the replay, right? It would, on Monday those people get to watch the replay. So, and then we have the next day and then the day after. So in other words, this is Monday and Right. They would have, you know, they would've a short window.

Mm-hmm. But, um, do you think that that's too short? In other words? Right. So live webinar on Saturday, we send out a replay on, so as crazy as it sounds with this group, Saturdays do okay, it's Sundays that don't produce much.

Okay? So Saturdays do okay, Sundays do nothing. And so that's why Yeah, you say that again, you know? Yeah. You know, the, I mean, you, you guys know the audience obviously, but like, I also think at $7,000, like in my experience, it usually takes it a couple times or a few times to go through it and like really be convinced about it rather than maybe watching once and then buying right away how many impulse buyers are in the audience, you know?

Yeah. That's what I think of. Um, so it, The mini sales, does the mini sales page have a countdown timer on it? Uh, we would put one on when we get close to the deadline, so likely we would put the, we would have the, um, the deadline date always on the, the sales page. And then when we get within 48 hours, we would put the countdown timer on the page.

Gotcha. Yeah, I would, I would only petition for doing straight to cart close on the last day. 'cause it is literally the, the deadline sequence. Yeah. But maybe you could mail to the replay on the mini sales page on the 15th, just so that they have, because it is $7,000.

Um, are you gonna keep the replay on the mini sales page until the 16th as well? Yeah, I would keep that. Okay. I would, you know, mail to replay on mini, on mini sales page. So this is the, so this is the only, so this is the, this is the only thing that, right.

So I'm, I'm curious of your, your feeling on this. So we've got, if you look at this, we've got the webinar, live webinar on the 10th for breakthrough week, then for the breakthrough week people, we've got the replay the next day. We've got the replay every day over here, right? Like Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. And so that's a concern for me because now we're, we're following up right?

With, you know, five days of replay, replay, replay, Right? And, um, yeah, So I can, I can tell you this and, and obviously it's gonna be, it could be different because of the audience, um, when I ran a follow-up sequence to all of my webinars, right? Usually what would happen if, like, you go on, we, we used Hotjar 'cause I was old. So like people would watch the replay if there were no sales page. But if there was a sales page, people would literally start the webinar and then like, look at the sales page.

And then if they didn't wanna buy it, but they still wanted the information, they would watch the, the replay. I'm sure some people converted on the webinar. Um, but if, yeah, Like, I wonder, you know, so I wonder if over here, uh, replay, this is just a replay page. Um, right. And then I wonder, um, if also this is just re replay page over here, Because if your goal is to get them to watch the webinar, that's, that's, um, like I would imagine the majority of the sales are gonna come in on July 10th if I've analyzed this correctly.

Like, 'cause they're gonna buy on the live webinar, right? No, I would say the majority are gonna come in on the last day. Oh, they're not gonna buy on the, on the webinar. Yeah. I mean, there, there will be people that buy on the webinar for for sure this now, which by the way, right?

It, you know, it, this is worth talking about that. Let me, let me see if I could show you this. Um, this was the old school page. This was the newer page, uh, newer kind of mini, mini sales page. Um, I think this was the one that I reviewed, if I'm not mistaken.

Um, and so what you'll see on here is, so just as a, as a quick, as a quick recap, uh, this is actually kind of cool if you look from a copy perspective, if you look at the, you know, at everything above this orange arrow, you could see that, um, like it is, it's like a mini sales page lead, right? Ready to increase your income through real estate with God without the risk. Your six month adventure, growing your wealth with easy real estate deals begins now you get the training handholding, coaching community software tools and confidence to collect checks from 5K to 20 k plus from simple real estate transactions without using your own money or credit or taking a loan. You don't need a certain income. You don't need any savings, you don't need good credit, you don't need any license or certification.

You just need to have the desire to change your financial future and the willingness to let us guide you every step of the way. And you can do this in every state and even most countries, and you can do it, um, with just a few hours a week introducing the real estate with God accelerator, a six month program led by the wealth with God team to generate greater income and wealth through simple real estate transactions without needing traditional bank loans or credit and without down payments, upfront capital or personal risk. This is for you if you wanna pay off debt fast and find your way to financial freedom. You wanna create a large stream present and future security for you and your family. You wanna accelerate your wealth building and retirement preparation.

You wanna have greater finances now to enjoy more time and lifestyle freedom. You want access to more resources and provision to turn the God-given vision in your heart into reality. And you can do this starting with zero real estate experience in your spare time, in just a few hours a week with just a basic computer and telephone, right? And so ultimately, if you really think about right, bringing, you know, like you've heard me say before, coming out guns a blazing, bringing the bringing everything that they would need to know upfront to be able to either say, yeah, like, wow, this sounds interesting, like, I'm interested in this or not, right? Right.

They know that. Um, and then I just went into the, we just went into the, the deliverables that they get. And so this is the training, this is the, um, coaching, right? And what you can see what I did differently on here compared to if you look at this and this is just a, a valuable, um, lesson. We'll, we'll continue, you know, we'll, we'll, we're gonna continue tomorrow.

Go, you know, I want you guys to begin to go through like, I, I would really highly recommend that you go on this page and you go through the webinar so that you can just see how it is, um, presented. Then you could see the fireside chat that they did. This is, again, no guidance, no structure. This is them just doing their thing. And then this was the original mini sales page that people, um, got sent to.

And then from here they went to a traditional order form to give their, um, depo deposit. But what you could see on here is if you look at the difference between the first iteration, this first page, and you look at the deliverables, while they labeled it as benefit one, what followed was not a benefit was merely a feature of mentoring masterclass support and accountability, um, community deal desk review, done for you deal resource library, your 30 day game plan. Whereas what I did was I went and tried to give more, um, benefit A to Z instruction. You get step-by-step training so you know exactly what to do to start collecting checks in as little as the next 45 days. Personal guidance from a pro, your hand is held every step of the process.

So you always know you're taking the correct next action. In person learning, you'll have real world experience and understanding. So you'll gain confidence as you see real deals being done firsthand. And then what you can see here is underneath in the explanation I went through and I gave the, um, the deliverable, right? You get immediate access to the real estate with God masterclass, which guides you, teaches you, trains you, and equips you from step one.

Right? Over here with the, with the four week, uh, with the four live weekly real estate with God coaching calls. Every week you'll learn new strategies, get your questions answered, and stay motivated. Um, yeah, because during this program, there are four calls that they can attend a week. They don't have to attend all four, but there are four live coaching calls that they can attend, um, every single week.

Um, the, uh, right with the real estate with God three day bootcamp in, uh, you'll gain hands on real world knowledge and experience over here. Step four or a Peace four supported every step. You're part of a caring c uh, caring Christian community. So you're never alone on your journey to growing your wealth with real estate. You immediately get access to and become a valued member of the real estate with God's support and accountability community over here, right?

Confidence, all your deals are reviewed and approved by prose. So you know, you're making smart, profitable moves. Anytime you're unsure about an opportunity, you just wanna confirm, blah, blah, blah, deal desk, right? Uh, see like a lot of this copy we just may be able to reuse. And so, right, like might just be able to reuse it, tweak it, add to it, um, you know, uh, easy and fast, uh, easy and fast.

All your paperwork is ready for you and write at your fingertips so you don't have to try to figure anything out on your own. You get instant access to all the contracts, scripts, and marketing materials to start doing your deals right away. And when you enroll today, you also get access to how to collect your first check in 30 days. You let the ground running too. You get spiritually recharged every month with the monthly real estate kingdom calls.

You get spiritually recharged and learn how to build wealth God's way with these powerful monthly sessions led by a renowned ministry leader who's also a successful real estate investor. These calls go beyond. There's a special coach that does just these right over here. And then the guarantee, um, plus you're a hundred percent guarantee to do your first deal. The, we called it the, they, they called it the do a deal warranty.

I really don't like that. But we, so we can change it. Um, you know, you get your complete first deal within six months of joining, uh, blah, blah, blah. Uh, and then there are these, there were these, these fast action bonuses. And this was what really why I was, I was showing you this because, so this is for us to decide.

So number one, what you're gonna hear when you go through the webinar, I believe, uh, I believe you'll hear it on the webinar. And if you really want to just fast, you know, go, go through it quickly, you can also hear it on the fireside chat is, um, is what they've done in the past is on the webinar, what they, what they've done. And man, this is, we'll, we'll have to discuss this tomorrow. And so I'm gonna make a note for us to discuss this. Um, and so, sorry man, that there's so many things for us to, to, to figure out.

I just want us to own it, right? Like I want us to own it. Um, 'cause as I'm explaining this to you, it's kind of funny in the spirit of being, in the spirit of total transparency as I'm walking through this with you guys, I'm just realizing how many things they missed in, in, right when they said we need this, this, and this. Like, and how many things they missed. Like, for example, what they've done in the past is on the webinar, on the webinar, they've rolled out fast action bonuses.

Like for the first 50 people that sign up, you get this for the first 80 people, if you're one of the first 80, you know, if you're, if you're the first in your, in your, in the first 80, you get this. And if you're in the, you know, in the first whatever, uh, you know, 90, a hundred or what, you get this. And then right, once those spots are taken on the, on the sales letter, um, those things are removed. Uh, and if I, let me just see, I'm gonna show you Really quick, um, real quick so that I don't carry us over. Uh, I'll pull it onto the screen in one second.

I'm Just pulling up, uh, state God, and I will Actually, I'll figure out how to, they have this thing redirecting When, so, uh, Okay, so this was the, this was the sales page. So, uh, so this was the sales page that we used, um, for this last launch. It's not a great, this is, it didn't do well. So I'm almost, I almost, you know, the, whether it was the layout, I don't, I don't know what it was, but, you know, uh, this didn't do well, but what you could see is, let me figure out One Second. I'm trying to figure out why is this thing Redirecting?

See, hang on one second, guys, do this real quick. They may have a piece of code somewhere on here that is, I'm sure they do somewhere that is redirecting this page. One sec. Yeah, they must. 'cause I thought there may be another, um, countdown timer on here.

Uh, I'll get you guys access to this and I'm gonna pop it on the page. There's also, what I'm, what I'm gonna add to the page is to the, to the Google doc for you guys is I'm gonna add Michael, I have somebody on the team getting all of the emails that we've used in the past, um, for you. And so I'll pop that on there. But on this, what I was ultimately gonna show you might as well just show you this. We have the replay at the top here.

We have this video, which is super cool. You'll be able to see this once I pop this onto the page, uh, on the Google Doc for you, this video of just testimonials, like people just on camera just talking about like their, um, their experience. But what I wanted to show you was, we had this, we had, we had, this was a guarantee that we had, um, that they could, during the launch, it was a try before you decide, meaning they could pay, they could join the, the program and then, um, they, uh, were able to attend the three day bootcamp. And, um, if by they could then, right? So they could go through the pro, start going through the program, go to the live event, and if they weren't over the moon thrilled with everything, they could let us know and they would get their money back.

So it wasn't like it wasn't right. And, and then we rolled out a second guarantee, which was like, uh, On one of the other, on the other page that I had brought up. Um, and I think that I'm, I'm gonna find out for tomorrow's call. We s we, we switched, we, yeah, see, they've changed it so many times. I don't remember Nick's what it is that I'm saying, but we could go with this guarantee over here, try before you decide.

Um, we could also do a double guarantee, which is like two guarantees, meaning they've got the right, like try before you decide and the do a deal guarantee, like right where, you know, if you don't do a deal, we'll continue to work with you, right? Until you do kind of thing. So right. Try before you decide. And, um, that, that deal.

Um, and, and they have these fast action, um, bonuses. This was like, uh, and so you could see over here and I'll get rid of these so that you can review this. Like they did it and this is what we have to decide. They did, they did, like, this was a 48 hour bonus. It wasn't even a fast action, meaning everybody that enrolled in the first 48 hours got this bonus.

If you were one of the first people to enroll, you got this bonus. And if you were right, um, one of the first 50 pe uh, one of the first 30 people to enroll, you got this as well. So if you are one of the first 30 to enroll in the first 48 hours, you got this bonus, you got this bonus and you got this bonus. But if you were, uh, one, you know, if you were number 32, um, to sign up, uh, you know, you got this bonus and you did it within the first 48 hours, you got this bonus. And so, um, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get you guys access to this, send this over to you so that you can see this.

And then tomorrow we're gonna pick up with talking about the, uh, the fast action bonuses. How we wanna do that, how we wanna do, whether we wanna do, you know, fast action bonuses, whether we wanna do it based on time when, whether we wanna do it based on number of people. Um, you know, remember, you know, 48 hours is, is urgency, right? The first 50 people is somewhat fomo, right? Like, and so they're two different, um, what was I gonna say?

And then we'll talk about the guarantees. And so what I would like for you guys to do is by tomorrow is go through, just watch it at two times speed the webinar and the fireside chat. And so that you've got context to this, right, the, the webinar and the fireside chat by tomorrow. Cool. All right, you guys are outta here.

Have a great day. I'll see you tomorrow morning. Thank you guys. See you guys.
