---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-12-16 20:45:30"
date: 2022-12-16
duration: 49m
duration_seconds: 2962
vimeo_id: 781963508
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-12-16 20:45:30

**Date:** 2022-12-16 | **Duration:** 49m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up? Sorry, how are you? I'm good. Good to see you then. Good to see you.

So are we is it you and I or are we being joined by Mike? I think Mike might be coming. Okay, I'm not sure we could small chat it a little bit for a couple minutes and see if you joins. Okay, how are you at a Florida? I am I'm in South so I'm in Palm Beach Palm Beach.

Yoga. Yeah. Yes. How's the weather? We're it's beautiful man.

It's it's I mean it's raining right now, but it's you know, it's it's beautiful man. That's one thing about about South Florida is that so I'm originally from New Jersey and so born and raised in New Jersey been down here 15 16 years now, um, and it is just immaculately groomed year-round. So like, you know, you're you're talking, you know shorts and flip flops year round. Everything is green. Everything is you know that the Landscaping is gorgeous year year round and so just something about that man that the in terms of the way of life like is just so different man.

Yeah. Well, that's awesome. I'm in Cleveland. So it's like, you know overcast probably very New Jersey. Yes, it's overcast here quite a bit in the winter.

So and so the temperature right now I think it's like 40s. Okay, and so how cold will it? Will it get like does it get crazy cold for you? I mean usually like 20 is as cold teens, you know, like if it gets the like I think next Saturday, it's supposed to be like 16. So that's pretty cold for us.

I mean, it'll get it'll get below zero every now and then but You know mostly it's like 20s and 30s during the winter. Okay, so when it gets crazy crazy cold, are you really just I mean like, you know, I remember from you know, Jersey. Yeah kind of like you're just going from you know, you're still very little time outside. Yeah, that's right. Exactly.

Yeah. I mean my kids are young. So if it's snowing out they definitely like to be outside, but other than that, yeah, we're pretty much inside. Okay, and how old are your kids? Uh, they are coming up.

Annually, it's December January, February March. So at the end of that cycle, there'll be 11 9 7 and Five. Wow, every two years. You've got a little little sports team. Yeah.

Yeah, very cool man and boys girls Boy girl boy girl. Yeah, so tune to wow. That's so cool. Yeah workout. That's amazing.

Wow, you've got two two girls. I got two daughters. They're both, um, you know college age now so, you know 20 20s. And so yeah, it's it's an adventure to say the least man enjoy it it goes so quick. Yeah.

That's right. Here it goes so quick man. The days are long with the years are short as they say. Yeah. It's so true.

It's it it oftentimes does feel like man. How did I go? How did we get here? Like so, you know so quickly, you know, it's funny because I used to I used to tell some friends who had younger kids, you know, the the the best recommendation that I can give is really I say to them is enjoy every stage don't instantly be looking forward to the next stage. Right?

Like I remember thinking I can't wait until they can walk. I can't wait until they can do acts and and And man, it just goes too quick goes too quick. So I appreciate the appreciate the Advice I I actually had a thought for an app that was like a five-year calendar because my wife does like an everyday five years. She can look back and be like, you know, December 16th 2019. This is what we're doing but put that nap form.

So maybe someday I'll do that. I like it very cool. So so for top it's no big deal that you know, all good if Mike joins us he joins us not that's okay. Yeah, that's so give me a little um, give me kind of a state of the union bring me up to speed. Let me know what's going on and then let me know what I can what you're you're kind of struggling with or what you'd like some insight on and so start with the State of the Union.

Okay, so State of the Union You know coming out of you know, first of all virtual sales amazing coming out of or going into last year's Summit. I think, you know, really really appreciate you guys itself. You and Damien did a great job coming out of that. We kind of kept that momentum used a lot of those same principles and did you know, we're at almost 900,000 in sales. And you know, we haven't even turned the calendar year and we've got another eight months there.

So I think we're we're in early bird phase right now. It's supposed to go through December 31st. We've got an email sequence that will actually extend that through January because we want to we want to try and push and Goose the revenue at the beginning of the year for tax purposes and things like that. So we'll extend it and then do a big push and then early bird will be gone and we'll be in, you know, kind of regular Cadence and things like that the priorities for this year for ticket sales are going to be direct mail because I really feel like they haven't done really much of that at all. And you know, you're talking about a 2200 ticket, you know, you've got all in costs of maybe 900 so you've got a lot of fat to work with or you know self liquidation to be able to continue to kind of Feed the Bees.

So we're gonna be doing that starting January February. And then really just trying to have a pretty robust strategy around virtual on those types of things. Our sponsorship is likely we're already at what we got last year in sponsors. So we did a million in sponsors worth a million already. We just opened the sponsorship, I guess window or opportunity about three and a half weeks ago or four weeks ago.

So we think we're gonna be about 1.5 million. So up 50% over last year stretch goal to to 2.25 and I think we can I think we've got a few different ideas on how we can kind of stretch that so nice. I feel like yeah, I feel like some it's in a good spot. opu, I think is the one where it's like we just kind of paused it a little bit to focus a lot of energy on Summit and get that right and get it feeling good because if we can do this year. In Orlando and make it a great experience.

I think we can set ourselves up for you know, I hate to say it like a 10 million dollar or more event the following year in Las Vegas or somewhere like that. So, I think I think it's well on its way there. And then I probably want to pick your brains about a couple things. I've got a couple questions here, but that's kind of summit. So before you before you go on right before you continue, so I mean that's huge.

That's amazing. Congratulations. Like, you know, your your rock in the house. I know I'm sure Glenn and Mike have to be over the moon thrilled. You can't ask for a whole lot more than I mean then right then what you've already accomplished already like in right?

We're just you're just getting started. And so, um Kudos, you know, I'm curious before you go on to the to the next thing with you know is the and this will help me to better kind of filter out what recommendations but you know, the the help me to really understand, um the vision for Summit and what I mean by that is specifically the vision for the um, the monetization specifically like is ultimately the goal Stephen. Is it is it really just To let's make as much money as we can from Summit in terms of physical ticket sales virtual ticket sales and sponsorship or is the aim to begin to really monetize the summit through additional product sales higher end sales. Give me an idea of what that Vision really is. Yeah, I think it's the latter.

I do think that we're wanting to graduate to a world where you know, we've like this upcoming summit. We're going to have affiliate relationship with someone who we're gonna co-build a bot with kind of like a chatbot and Glenn's gonna provide the ortho expertise. They're gonna provide the bot building slash Tech expertise and then we're gonna sell it at Summit and afterwards and then we're gonna take a 50% cut of the revenue or something potentially north of that. So that's like I think we want to have a handful of those every single year where it's you know, it's a couple million dollars. Hopefully that's just pure gravy and we're doing a little work there.

You know, so like well good. I I like hearing that be and you know, because I don't want to make sure that any recommendations I give are in alignment with you know your vision. I'm thrilled to um to hear that I know that you know, when originally we talked to to Glenn and Mike even I think a couple years ago about this the idea of monetizing at the event was you know was a bit far and it's far into a lot of people that run events. But the reality is is that done right at that size event. You could you could legitimately generate multiple millions of dollars on site and so we used to do events and our our Live Events were a fraction of the size of what it is that you guys um did and we generated monster dollars from these things because what we looked at was we really looked at, you know sales per head.

At the event and so right our our number was like really for us. And we were playing you guys are playing in a different at a different level than when we were running when we were running out our events. Um, but we we really just looked at ticket sales as we just wanted to pay for the event like so we wanted we wanted ticket sales to be a you know to liquidate our expenses. So we started at you know, we looked at it as we were starting at zero at the event and then our aim was to to generate call it 2300 per head like right. I'm throwing out a number now.

Oh that that and and like done right it you guys could kill it. Yeah. And yeah, I mean, I I think there's a ton of opportunity there and you know, we've got open you that really we haven't. Pushed in a meaningful way where they can get access. We have started talking about a coaching program.

That's like super premium and high-end like a call it a 75,000 entry point and there's a couple meetings. Annually. There's things like this. I think Glenn's extremely nervous about going down that route because he thinks it's gonna take a ton of his time. And so You know, he wants to start generating business Revenue outside of the things that he that the companies already doing.

So outside of summit outside of Rd outside of opu, and so he's wanting to do a couple new startup type businesses. I think the challenge is that so do you to your point, you know, you can't get you can't get upset. You can't be mad about the results of what we see in over the last six months. I think but Glenn is really like on to the next thing already. Okay, it's kind of like, you know, it's not he's not upset about it by any means but he's like he feels like there's a cap and there's a potential limiting factor in you know acquisition or or you know, divesting whatever the asset is that it's being built here to somebody else.

So like in exits, maybe not as easy because he's a big part of the personality of the company and you know Live Events a big part of it and I I mean I kind of agree with that but at the same time, I think there's a really There's a really nice Golden Goose feature of what they've built. Yeah where you can kind of. Prune that goose and and make it produce a lot more so that you can make some of these other bets, you know within Ortho or even outside of Ortho and that's really I'm going to Dallas on Monday and Tuesday and we're gonna do kind of like a year-end review and look ahead to next year. And that's going to be kind of my tone is like I understand that you want to like grow a unicorn type thing. We want to build something really great even even outside of the space potentially, but I do think there's value and Celebrating growing the core of what you guys have really started here and like you said if we were to monetize the event and sell another three million dollars in some form or fashion.

A lot of that's margin dollars if not all of it. And so that can go into their pockets that can go obviously into reinvestment all that stuff. So I think that's that's maybe the challenge for me personally is I can sense that Glenn wants something bigger and better Beyond, you know the summit Beyond kind of what's been built which you know, I kind of knew that coming in but at the same time it's like but if this thing was 10 million dollar entity on its own and you know only had 30% overhead, that'd be a huge win for everybody. You know. Yeah, I I mean look, I I get it with Glenn, you know, I think that he he has a you know, he has obviously an entrepreneurial Spirit.

He's always, you know, his mind is going a mile a minute. Um constantly that being said, I I certainly fall on your side in in this in that look I I think a couple things number one, I think, you know Glenn can certainly you guys as a team can certainly um at some point if it comes to that can certainly sell Summit right like in other words that you know, that's I've seen that happen a number of times the biggest conference in This space was sold two years ago for a tremendous chunk of change. And so I think that there's definitely an opportunity to do that. And I think that further further monetizing the you know further monetizing Summit number one. It's like you said, it's all margin dollars.

It's found money. Ultimately that's just being left on the table right now. And so that's would certainly be an exciting thing for the company but it also becomes it makes it makes Summit that much more of an exciting proposition for somebody to want to come in and buy it when you can show that you're doing a whole bunch of dollars. The other thing that I would say Steven for for what it's worth is I think that in this kind of business and I've seen this so many times with so many similar businesses and even really our own our own business that this Core Company there's this perception by the entrepreneur that they are a lot more essential in terms of the deliverables than what they really ER and while I'm not saying in any way shape or form that people don't buy into Glenn and Love Glenn and want to be around Glenn. Um, it would be it would be foolish for him to think that rolling out a new program would require a substantial amount of his time.

The reality is is that the highest ticket out besides top one second to top one. Our highest ticket program doesn't involve me at all. And so I did the work of creating the curriculum and all that it's done and now all the coaching and teaching and guidance and one-on-ones and all that has nothing to do with me. And so the reality is is that if done right and positioned right and presented right? Glen could have a small group of you know, a small number of coaches that that he's trained in that art, you know that are Glenn coaches, whatever and where it's position to the tribe as like As wildly valuable and there will be people that will absolutely be thrilled to take advantage of that.

And so what's up Mike glad to see you and I'm sorry got stuck on a call and I thought that this was at three three forty five. Sorry. Oh good Steven, and I we're having a blast talking about some some really really great stuff. I wasn't sure I said to myself. I know we've got to get we've got to get this in before the Sabbath right like we're coming at least right?

I'm an Eastern time. So I'm thinking yeah, we're good. We got some time. We got a little buffer. And so but so, you know, so Stephen I think that they're I you know for me, I think there's a great opportunity to roll out some additional or a additional program.

Certainly that won't involve much if any of Glenn's time and so that's certainly something that we can talk about. You know, you don't need you know again there is this you and I held this for the longest time like everybody wants Todd and it's hot Todd and then I realized it's All that much about Todd and so right it ain't all that much about time. And so I went through a stretch of depression for when I realized that and then all good and so all kidding aside there. There are definitely there's definitely an opportunity there for sure. yeah, and we we talked about I thought we had a really great discussion Mike last time I was in town and you know his his kind of like I guess concession was get get another business model or Revenue stream off the ground and then all kind of come to the table on creating this coaching slash this maybe premium tier product.

So I think we're gonna try and meet the middle here in the first quarter what we've got some things in the pipeline that we'll be able to hopefully get off the ground. But I agree. I think I think he's actually done a lot of the hard work. He's outlined he has this ridiculous outline of all of the content that he feels needs to be part of it. I think He feels he has to do it all from a curriculum standpoint.

But I think you can also maybe Outsource slash job out some of that curriculum to where he knows that people need to learn about orthodontic accounting, but he doesn't have to be the one teaching it like he can gosh and you can job that hour, you know even clinical photography which is like his baby and what he's most known for theoretically. He wouldn't necessarily have to do that. He could job it out to an excellent, you know person who doesn't the same thing. So I think that's that's really where we're trying to get and I've got like What I taught him last time was I want to get the scaffolding of what it would take for us to do kind of like this coaching program because I mean, you know, he we were doing the numbers and again at certain scales and because these people or these entrepreneurs are I'd say relatively Less Price sensitive than the average entrepreneur because they've invested so much in themselves already in in their career that like, you know, you get 25 practices a year at 75,000. You're at almost two million dollars an extra Revenue, right?

So I think it's just like the the numbers make a ton of sense. If you can do a little bit of the dirty work on getting it all kind of out there and figuring out how it comes together. So yeah, I think your spot on I I agree with everything that you everything that you said when it comes to the content creation. There are so many different avenues that that can be explored right Glenn if anything at all, he could do little Clips at the beginning of each session which you can record in a single day just right like and you know, um, and so I I think that you're absolutely spot on when it comes time to you know, when you either come to the idea that you really want to really want to roll with right if you that that additional additional stream of Revenue or when you at least narrow it down to two or maybe three options. We're here to help you like we don't you know for what it you know for what it's worth.

We don't need Mike. We don't need Glenn if the if the proposition from Glenn is hey generate an extra Revenue stream and then I'll I'll come to the table Okay, cool. So then let's do that. Like we'll do that. Yeah, you know what?

I mean? Like we'll you know, we'll we can figure that out. And yeah, we can absolutely figure that out without question. Awesome. Yeah, and one of the things that I think Mike and I tried to talk to Glenn about is instead of instead of eating the whole elephant What If instead of creating the entirety of the coaching program, we're just creating a module of the coaching program so that it kind of it chunks it out.

I think. I think his big concern is like oh this is gonna be a year of my life and like I don't wanna waste another year type thing. It's kind of the sentiment I got but you know, it's like hey, we just need this one specific module that we want to flesh out a little bit and we'll charge somebody 10 to K for this and we'll have 20 people in it. You know what I mean? But I think he'd prefer to probably flush it out more completely than do it that way.

That's yeah. Look, I'll tell you the kind of I don't even want to call it the MacGyver way to do this because that makes it sound a lot worse, but I'll tell you know, one of the things that you you certainly can do and it's not a guarantee that this will create, you know, everything that you need, but you could do a um, you could rent like a little you know time at a little Studio where it is you in one chair or doesn't have to be you but you or Mike or whoever and Glenn in another and And do a master class style, um interview right? Where now you got four or five hours right where you're just gonna ask Glenn questions, you're gonna have them unpack things. It's not to say that you're gonna use it in that form. But then right then what we what we have is we have media that now we can go to somebody and we can say I want slides overlaid on this.

I want Graphics here maybe at this part. We're only gonna use Glenn's audio if glant right in this particular part, but right like I believe that Glenn has so much knowledge and experience that if he prepares, you know, if he flushes out the outline, you could sit down take an afternoon four hours five hours one day. So Glenn, I need you for one day. I need you for one day. You're not trying to deliver a present.

Like it doesn't have to be it's not none of that like because we can take that footage that media and through Outsourcing we can turn it into something really special and today more than ever before. or that kind of training is has now become commonplace with masterclass and and all these things and so He doesn't the idea of he needs to create a slide that can trainings and sit down. That's he doesn't need to do that. I wouldn't even have him do that. Right one afternoon Glenn.

I need you for one afternoon. You're gonna need to prep a bit. Right? Like, of course one afternoon. We're gonna go to a studio.

We're gonna sit down it's gonna be professionally filmed right little investment and then let me take that and then I'll take care of the rest in terms of having a turned into something gorgeous the marketing the boom and then we'll be Off to the Races. Again, the chances he's already sort of doing that with his podcast. I mean, he said Sally does a video. Podcast and some some people he sits down with and it's just you know, I mean most of it is just flying by the skin of his teeth. But some people he sits down and has a little, you know nose that he's coming in and talking to somebody who's an expert in certain area and literally, it's an hour of them discussing cases or you know, something something that I level and if you know in advance that you're going to be discussing.

I don't know team management and you have somebody who's an expert in team management and you do even an hour of prep work. If he does even an hour prep work, he knows what he's talking about and it can basically be just an interview for four hours just Just like that, you know instead of being a one hour podcast episode or 45 minutes. Yeah, absolutely. And the other thing too is that keep in mind that you can also like repurpose that media. So right like you can get that podcast and then right let's let's you know just as an example, let's take that podcast.

Let's extract the audio out of it. Let's have somebody create slides and images and grass and whatever is necessary in there. Let's give a you know, a transcript a you know, a cheat sheet or an action guide and there you go you've taken content that was already created and you repurposed it into something else. That's a lot more valuable. And so yeah if there are certainly like look there you not everything needs to be created from from scratch.

Certainly. There's the opportunity to sit down with Glenn. You might record look you might record for four hours and have an hour and a half worth of great content in there to use but so what in an afternoon that he just sat down and he's spewed and shared his passion and his knowledge and expertise you guys were able to find the Comes in there to be used it's super simple for him. And then we can turn that into something gorgeous that people have no idea. It was done like right off the off the cuff and and look, you know, he's got a tremendous amount of value to offer that's in his head.

We just need to extract them and most efficient way possible and then take it and run with it. Yeah, I love that. I mean I think I'm even wondering is it worth just taking a podcast episode and seeing kind of like going through the process in a miniature way and saying hey, here's kind of the essence of what we would do. It's taking content that we either interview style record or you are doing webinars whatever and we're just gonna blow it out into this blah blah blah if I can make a recommendation Glenn literally just recorded one while we were at the Dan bills meeting with Jonathan nikazesis who's with a line. Using that one with this purpose we can then.

Also integrate some of the lines branding and whatever so that when we distribute it. Basically, they'd be extremely happy as as that partner that high-end partner. That were showcasing that particular podcast in this way and distributing it that way. Yeah, I I love the idea. You know Steven.

I I love the idea because I love a simple way to prove out certainly to to Glenn. You know that like look it's not it's not gonna require all that much like from you like ready got it. You know what I mean? And the content is there we're just gonna take a piece of content and one form and we're gonna turn it into a different form and make it more valuable with ancillary things that are gonna be that are gonna come from the content that's already been done. And and yeah and then certainly like Steven depending on your vision for for marketing and selling that like, that's a breeze for us man.

Like I could show you how to do that all day man, like all day. And so um, yeah, I think that that's that that's super exciting to me and it's fast it's easy and it proves to Glenn the validity of the of the approach. Yeah, exactly because I I just think he's overwhelmed by the time commitment and I think if we can prove to him that's not going to be the case. I just think. He might end up becoming the biggest advocate for like let's get this thing out there that let's do it.

You know. Yeah, I think he's just concerned. Like I'm the only it's it's in this brain and for me to get it out is gonna take thousands of hours and I think the way that you described it is perfect. Like it's, you know an afternoon. It's maybe a few conversations and then everything else is experts teasing it out in the other mediums and forms of value for the you know, ultimate end consumer who's you know, that you know person in the program or whatever and then I guess the only other thing to Todd would be like You know if we were to have a coaching program, which I don't even think some of these resources but necessarily need a coaching program like you could have self-guided content.

All this could be self-guided. But if we were gonna do a coaching component, would you recommend like Experts in their field kind of like how you guys have folks that can talk about digital marketing and talk about you know, yeah. It's like the whole it's the advertising. It's the tech exactly some breaking just I think look I I think it's a great question. I think there is no right answer.

It really comes down to your vision for a coaching program, like look, you know, you could have a coaching program on a singular topic if you really wanted to go super deep you could have a coaching program that covers the you know what Glenn calls the Five Pillars or you know or whatever and you know, you got five experts in there. It really is to you know, it really is left to your imagination for what you ultimately want to offer. So there is no one right answer. It just depends on the vision that you have for the coaching program. Okay.

And putting the program together for what it's worth like the and figuring out the you know, those those pieces that's also soup super easy. It seems daunting but it's so it's much more about like what do we ultimately want to deliver when I say deliver? I mean the results like the results for those people. What do we want them to experience? Okay, what is what do they need to be able to do or know how to do to experience that?

Okay, do we have the expertise to deliver that? Okay, we don't we have this one piece. Okay, so these other four pieces that we need to find somebody who can you know stand in the Gap so to speak. Um, And so it's it's really it's it's a very easy easy process. I do want to go back for for one second just to Echo again, um that I think From what you what you shared Steven that the like look if you could show up to a meeting and this is I'm just throwing something out there if you could show up to a meeting with Glenn where you've got let's say a finished product content product, right and you've got this marketing campaign could be we do, you know, a sales letter order form right very very simple and you're like take a look at this buddy.

Like right like right and I want you to calculate how much time you you invested in this right like yeah NADA zero buddy, right? Not nothing right done. Here you go. Now I want you to imagine this on a bigger scale right on a bigger scale right still requiring very little from you. Right like we did it.

We got it done right now, you know and therefore now, you know you can you you've at least proven to him that yeah, man, like look at this. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I think that would I think that would sell. I mean I could also see a world where Glen just nitpicks every single detail and he's like you can't do it like I can do it type like, you know better than you can go either way. Yeah the card.

I mean look, I I think that he certainly can but in in all he certainly can right that's where for what it's worth and I have no idea the impact at all. That's where we get on a meeting together me you and Glenn and I let him know stop it. Like stop it like, you know what I mean, like you'll nitpick your way to zero sales. You'll nitpick your way to content that you do nothing with that collects dust, right? You'll you'll help no many, you know, no more orthodontists like stop and and so and then you know we go from there.

Yeah, I mean I think you know if we're sticking in the ortho space, I really think it's a huge opportunity just based on you know, we've been talking since I joined all of the Rd people that were rejecting basically. I mean, I know that a lot of them would opt into something to help them build their practice if we can figure out some kind of a discussion component attached to that. I think that'd be you know, the ultimate but at the end of the day, I mean, there's so many people in the ecosystem that want to get better that want to level up their practice and I think it's just a matter of like making it non threatening to Glenn's time and his you know, just his mental energy because he is you know, he's really I wouldn't see trained like he's really trying to help smile doctors because he's the best that in that relationship and wants to have a great exit there. He's invested in a lot of other things so I understand it but I think to your point like if we can do the real heavy lifting and just show him like hey, here's the Polish finish product. I think that could help.

Just accelerate a huge opportunity because I think we're only Mike. I don't know if you would agree. But I think we're just scratching the surface with one prescription surface for years without question. Well, I mean and that like look I I agree. I think you guys are just scratching the surface.

I think that um, I think the Glenn probably feels like what you just said Mike and me I could be wrong and so you tell me if I am but he could feel like we've been just scratching the surface for years. I've got a lot of these other things that are in my mind that I want to want to run with. I don't want things to you know in this business to suck up my time. And so and and I get it but I think the mistake in his thinking that he's making is in thinking that he has to be Central um and and critical to everything that you do and I just I I know that that's not true because I know it I'm time again. I think it's just needing to be strategic with his time.

And also give it when it's needed. It's it's just um there needs to be time and attention given and then you can have a break but it's lately. It's been a little bit. To sporadic, okay. I think that if we started with this one take the one podcast episode, right assuming that it delivers great content, like really truly valuable content.

We turn it into, you know, a multimedia bundle, you know like and and you show them like and and this it's a matter like it's a matter of certainly at the beginning. It's a matter of seeing how much content we can repurpose that he's already created. That's already Top Notch and worthy of um in a different form a product and yeah and then go from there if he can see that. Yeah, you don't need to be the foundation of everything that we do with this little starter thing then maybe he'd be more open to and like I said, I love for for him for me. I love the idea of I gotta show up for for four hours or five hours one afternoon, and then everything else is taken care of sign me up.

Yes, sign me up. And I think in principle he should he should understand it a little bit because he's kind of doing this with his book. Where he just has a series of conversations and then the ghost writer, you know puts it into the you know, the words in the format and all that stuff. So it's it's like that but almost on steroids because it's like hey, we're gonna do the Gary V thing and take this piece of content and create 42 degrees of content out of it. And you all you had to do was that one little piece of content.

Yeah. Everybody else is kind of like hamster Wheeling behind the scenes and that's I think if we can get him to that spot of like I just have to be in a you know a satin Road. Looking into the camera answering questions. I think you'll like it. Amen.

There you go. I love it. You nailed it, man. You nailed it. And so I didn't have any kind of conversation.

I'm yeah totally willing to support you know, and be there and because I think that that's a no-brainer for you guys. So do you what do you think Todd just on this podcast? Do we just kick it over to you? And you know do a little engagement on building out that bundle thing and kind of do you need anything else from Monster? What are your thoughts?

I don't know if you need that. I mean I'm certainly willing to you know to you know, you know you jump on a quick meeting with Damien and see but I don't know if you need to do that. I mean if you really feel like you do need to do that then um, I mean look in it's it's rather. I we certainly can guide you or attempt to guide you, you know, save you guys some money. If you don't if you really feel like there's no bandwidth to execute on that.

Then we can certainly have a conversation. I just don't know if it's necessary for you. If you feel it is you think about it you talk about it, then we're certainly down to to figure that out. But I I believe we could certainly guide you through it because it's rather straightforward. Yeah, I think that's probably the biggest thing is just the guidance would maybe be helpful.

You know, I've got a handful of ideas of like here's the content that I would generate from the podcast and here's how I think I could get it executed and produced but you know, yeah, I think you guys have been around the block so much and have just so much knowledge of like yeah, you know bundle should also have you know, here's the transcription. Here's the worksheets. Here's the yeah, we could tell you I could I could certainly tell you all like we can go through all that. It's you know, like you what you can do is you can send me send me the podcast episode that you're that Mike you were talking about and then I'll listen to it and I'll be able to tell you from that like this is exactly what I would create the bundle from this um, and then we can go from there. And you know, like I'll also tell you I'll tell you exactly what the setup would look like to to sell it like what that the funnel would like and then like look if you you know the then we could go from there.

Yeah, okay. That sounds great. I did have I know we're gonna jump up against time. I had a quick question just Prague pragmatically and practically when you guys have a lot of funnels out into the world and you've got like various benefits within those funnels potentially. So hey in this funnel you get you know, this free thing for me.

It's like the eo5 hack or whatever but you also have it free in another funnel. Like how do you manage where you're Distributing your allocating all of the content that you've produced amongst like funnels. So when you say how do we manage it what what specifically are talking about are you talking about how we choose them for different funnels how we decide where to use it or you talking about the deliverability like the Fulfillment of it? Like what give me a little bit more specifics? Yeah Less on the Fulfillment, but more on like do you have a do you have a tool that you use to know like hey this like this free 10 item checklist is in three of my funnels.

Like it just kind of macro visibility to because like we we tend to give away the same thing on like all these different funnels and I'm kind of like, you know, if I've got somebody who's purchased two different items or three different items. It's not attractive to them because they're already own it, you know, and it's I guess I'm struggling a little bit with where is everything in all of the offerings that we have. So when we do a, you know, early bird incentive for for Summit our two of those things already in most people's you know, okay. Yeah great great questions. So there's a two-part answer and it's kind of it's it's pretty straightforward.

The first part of the answer is we we track And I say that Loosely we track our stuff in notion which Teddy can certainly help you guys, you know set up. He has a funny that I said some stuff up in that. Yeah. Yeah, and so I'm still trying to figure out how to get all the information to be honest with you from the it's crazy how deep that thing is, um, but notion but the second part of the answer is that we don't have a huge amount of duplication. So we don't have a huge amount of duplication.

The reason is because we we tend not to We tend not to duplicate products that are making the same promise therefore the bonuses that we include we try to keep them as congruent with the promise as possible. So it's rare that we like it's rare that we just like. Hey, here's a copy of my book is, you know free like we don't we don't do that. We try to make everything as congruent as as possible. That's helpful.

I mean, I feel like clinical photography is like the thing we just like hey anybody who wants it here? Just give it away. Right. Yeah, and yeah and just like yeah, like well, it's it's kind of like, you know, like look the and look it requires a little bit more work. But you know the right way to approach the freebies the bonuses the premiums is to really look at like here's this isn't the best way to do it.

But this is a this is a way that you guys should do it is look at the core product. Look at the core promise the theme the angle right and and and then I would ask myself what else could we include in here that's congruent with the core with the core promise that we already have created did Glen give a presentation at to Summit two years ago that right like because the beauty especially too with what you guys are doing is you're you're all so I have to imagine that a lot of the content or much of the content that you've created. It's a bit Evergreen meaning it's not like it's not it didn't only apply for seven. Weeks back then when they recorded it. It's Evergreen stuff.

And so there's nothing go take the presentation from Summit. If you wanted to you could use the presentation as a little something from Summit like bundle it like and and so you want it to be congruent start to look at the content that you've created over the years. That's Evergreen and look at that as an opportunity to let's pull this is a bonus. This is a bonus. We never shared it cool man.

We got three killer bonuses that Glenn already created. It's Evergreen content. Boom. There you go. And so just because you included something we do that like so many of our offers are a piece pulled, you know, like a presentation that I gave one day at this live event, or I went to a conference and I spoke and I asked them can I get that recording and we take that and now that's a bonus.

And so yeah. So Glenn, no doubt you got you guys have a lot of stuff that you can pull from somebody so you're not constantly duplicating bonuses. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, that's helpful.

That is helpful. Did that answer? I know you said you had a couple questions Steven did that did we address them? Yeah. That was the big one.

I I we've also been talking about doing kind of what you just described there where we would build bundles. So the first one that we talked about doing is like a sales Mastery bundle and we would take you know, two or three presentations from the past three summits and put them together and then You know add some of those other elements that we've kind of been talking throughout the conversation of like, you know, here's the checklist. Here's the notes. Here's how to assess your you know marketing today and your sales capabilities. So I think we're I've been dragging my feet a little bit on it, but I think that there's so much opportunity there with everything that exists over the last five years that we just need to kind of need to do it.

Yeah, and that's also that's yeah, I completely agree with you. That's also you know part of the the sales, you know Spiel, you know for Glenn that like look man you he's created it. He's done the work and and look here's the reality. The reality is it's not just an opportunity for the company to make more money, but it's it's an opportunity to not allow great content and value to collect dust and help no one like right you you delivered a great presentation. If we don't do anything with it then shame on us for leading that to collect dust.

Like why would you do that? Like what you're doing a disservice to yourself and all of these doctors and so to me it's yeah like you got great stuff and and you nailed it Steven in that, you know, it's just about repackaging right? It's adding those things making it different taking it and improving it. Um, and yeah, I just think that's a no-brainer. I think you guys have so many Bell's opportunities really to monetize that it's a matter of just being strategic in terms of how you go about it.

But I think that there's so much stuff that the one of the very first things that that I would if I came in and we're Partners the three of us here are Partners one of the very first things that I would do inside of notion is I would catalog I would have somebody on the team catalog every piece of content that we have that we've created every single piece of content. I would have a cataloged in notion because then you're gonna be able to be like look at this. Look at this. We got all this about said we got all this about team building. We've got all this about leadership, right?

We got all this about whatever like, you know vision and then and now like you got bonuses in there you got stuff you could put together in a bundle you got stuff you could repackage you got stuff you can put together for highlights. Like totally absolutely. Awesome. Thank you. Yes.

And so but keep me keep me posted like Steven we're here for you. When you are ready to you know, send over that that podcast episode. I'll listen to um to that. I'll tell you exactly what kind of bundle I would put together and exactly how I would. Um presented in terms of the the marketing and then we can go from there and and we're here for you.

So you need anything you you let me know. You don't have to convince me man to to monetize more what you guys already have in place. You know that like, I'm all there man. And so I'm With You Stephen awesome. Appreciate you got it.

All right, Mike. Thank you so much jumping on man. It was great seeing you. Certainly great seeing you as always Steven and and we'll take it from there. And so have an amazing weekend guys.

All right, you too. Happy holidays. Yeah. You too. You got both you guys.

Take care. Okay.
