---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-08-12 16:01:30"
date: 2022-08-12
duration: 1h 1m
duration_seconds: 3673
vimeo_id: 739030912
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-08-12 16:01:30

**Date:** 2022-08-12 | **Duration:** 1h 1m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up time? What's up, buddy? So good to see you man. How are you? Likewise doing fantastic as usual and I think I think Glenda automatically enrolled me again on to top one.

So I'm also a proud year three alumni. Now, what are you unbelievable? I I can't wait for you to for us to be able to see you in person at some point. Yeah, this that there is nothing like being together live over those three days. It's just not it's a completely different, um experience and so at some point you've got a we've got to work on getting you in there and there's you know, there are some people man that like you just need to be around like that.

We need to get you around some serious serious players in there that I think would just be really cool for you to get around and and pick their brain but super excited super stoked and so kind of give EA stated Union bring me up to speed tell me what's going on good bad ugly all that stuff and then we'll dive into whatever it is that you want to talk about. Awesome. Awesome. Cool. So yeah.

Yeah, so, let's see. What's what's a good? What's a good digest Okay, so we've been mapping out our marketing processes and structures. So obviously I won't have to be a man behind all the campaigns as a as you know, right just really document those systems down and scale our stuff. So I'm working on that.

I'm probably I had all mapped out. It's kind of like a flow chart. It's really interesting and I'm just having I'm just kind of testing it. I'm kind of I would say beta testing it with like private clients. It kind of running it through taking my taking some stole my media buyers under my wing to kind of walk them through it and just reiterating it.

So we've got that and we've really narrowed down our customer acquisition campaigns all the way down to just you know, having two front ends. I I wanted to be one but I I've listened to you know, what you said about having one of anything is dangerously so I I had another one that's churning in the background our products went from you know, just like range of 10 to like three and you know, we just we just Kind of simplified everything. We just made a made everything hum like a machine and really lean and mean, you know, we've kept our although we've kept our run right around the same around like 650 a month still but everything the profit margins are a lot healthier and so really really thankful for what you guys are are doing as usual because I've been listening to you know, even I'm not in the Mastermind. I've been still being able to look at the recordings. And thankfully you guys hadn't really good quality.

So I've been really implementing on all that kind of stuff. So that's all. Yeah. Let me say real quick about what you what you just said, you know, because it's really, you know, obviously everything that we we share with you guys, you know comes from experience. We try not to share any kind of theory or certainly if something hasn't been tested on our end.

We're we're up front about that, but you know the move that you need the focus on On bottom line and really moving the needle on bottom line instead of just the the Top Line man, you know, I so wish that I had had that Focus much earlier on it's amazing even with our own companies how we've really we've almost radically like we've almost I'll say we've almost taken our Eye Off The Top Line. I don't want to say completely because that's not accurate but we've really put, you know, the majority of our focus on the bottom line and the difference is amazing because you you know you it's about efficiency. It's about getting more out of what you've got. It's about maximizing the monetization of all the assets that you've already paid for like recognizing we've already paid for the traffic. Now what we choose to do with it to extract out the most money and value right is gonna German profit leads we've already paid for them.

And so that cost is gone that cost is done. And so that's been a huge huge shift and a huge difference for us. I think Damien could have almost doubled the net, you know on the bottom line, um, certainly without us doubling the the top line and so there's massive there's massive value there. And so I'm super stoked to hear you say that I want to ask one other question before you keep going about the the the two front ends that you have or just the front end in general right now. And so would you say is front is the front end no longer like a constraint or an issue for you.

Do you feel like Hey, we're good on the front end. I Yes, and no. Yes, because it's it's breaking even like we're not we're not operating at a loss even though we've got a nice backend but there's definitely some metrics that and and this is also one of the things I want to talk to you about is how I can optimize it further because I can see that there's a lot of room for improvement, but I'm not sure if A that's right. Right questions to ask and and be if my my hunch is correct so we can dive into that. Okay a little bit deeper later if I asked her question.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, well we'll dive in and we'll really, you know, we'll really um, we're really see just to file this away for later when we come back to that. You know, the question really is you know, really I like to say it really begins with are you acquiring the volume of new buyers every month that you ultimately want to acquire that's really where we begin and then if the answer is no right, let's say the answer is no and right for most entrepreneurs. The answer is no more often than it is.

Yes. It's it's rare that somebody says to me. Yes, we're cool if the answer is no then the next question becomes. Well, why why aren't we acquiring the volume of buyers that we want and sometimes that is it can come from well the word neg On the front and we can't afford to you know acquire more than a thousand a month or or it could be that we've reached our Max on our budget. We can't seem to drive any more traffic.

It could be that or it could be a number of reasons. So we'll dive into that but just file that file that away for for later and so keep going. Yep, and that'll be a no and yeah, really one thing that I yeah, you might just dive deep into it. Sure. Yeah, let's yeah, that's cool.

Sure. Yes, but the answer is no you're not acquiring the number of the volume of new buyers that you want every month. And so let's start with why you believe that's the case. Okay. Yeah, I so.

I believe that is the case because right now even though the funnel is breaking even. my my opt-in rate is at like a heartbreaking 2% So as you can see, the deeper funnel metrics are all performing really. Well. Like I've got a like I I personally have a benchmark of you know, just what you guys have set right like 10 to 15% or I've even spoken to some of the agencies that I'm friends with that and we said, you know, we should be around like that 20 to 30% Yeah, but and so but the other thing that I'm thinking about is since the targeting is in, you know media on the media buying aspect, we're a lot less advanced than the states and what I mean by that is that I believe and you know, this is just speculation as well. But I believe that the the targeting isn't as seasoned and which is which is you know, kind of offsetting the low often rates, but hang on let me let me jump in for one second to be save you a little bit because I want it right and you know, man, I always love to I want to And you know, I want to help you the answer rather than just through the answer and give you something to think about long term.

So, you know, so they're remember so and this gonna tie back to exactly what you said you said right? We're a break even but we have a two, you know, a pitiful two percent opt-in rate and so right so there are you know, there are two categories of metrics, right? There are the economic metrics which are ultimately like CPA aov, you know, right and right and Roi and then there's on the other side. There's the marketing performance stuff. Well exactly the way to really think about it, is that our aim and and I want you to ponder this later.

Our aim is to get the economics the act that the financial metrics the economic metrics ultimately the ROI to where we want it to be right and let's say we want that Roi we want we want the ratio to be one to one. We want, you know, we want to return 100% of our ad spend days. When we acquire a buyer, right so that we're at break even so in other words, ultimately the financial metric side of the thing the aim the goal that we're looking for. Let's say is break even and so how do we get there? We get there by ultimately manipulating the marketing performance metrics.

So we get there by manipulating opt-in rate in sales conversion rate and all that. But here's the thing to remember and you know you so the way that the way that I operate is I don't care what the marketing performance metrics are if our financial and economic metrics are where they need to be and so I don't care if we have a 2% opt-in a 1% opt-in a 28% often right? I don't care if you have a 1% sales conversion rate at 10% a two person. It doesn't matter to me what matters to me right? Because those things are just levers that we we pull to get our financial metrics to where they need to be.

So if you and I right you and I are Partners my money reputation livelihood on the line. I would say, right Certainly, there is potentially an opportunity for us to to increase or improve the marketing performance side of things who cares. We're acquiring buyers for free. I'll do that all day every day. And so the reality is right.

Is that once you're at break even like once we're at break even or within our range, right? Because we're willing to go negative. Once we're within our range. Let's call it break. Even I stop playing around with the marketing performance metrics.

I know longer try to like another words my goal and this is something for you to just another word for you to consider. My goal isn't to perpetually try to improve the performance of The Campaign. My my aim is to improve the performance of The Campaign until our our financial metrics. Our economic metrics are where I want them to be once they're there. I'm no longer tinkering with the marketing now.

I'm just scaling away. And so the next question He is is like once you're at break-even. The the goal should be how much can we scale our budget and our traffic without breaking that break even another words like right without without causing us to go negative. And so at some point, right? What happens is as you go wider in your targeting.

Right whether in the states or not in the states as you just go wider in your targeting. What happens is that CPAs go up and CPAs go up because typically The Wider you go in your targeting the lower the click-through rate becomes right? Because now what happens is when you go to something like Facebook, right? Facebook is targeting ultimately at the beginning the ideal perfect prospects if you will, but then as you expanded they start to go like let's go out into this ring and to this ring and to this ring and so they become lower quality lower click through rate lower click through rate immediately right increase our cost per visitor. And once you see an increase in cost per visitor, even if everything else Remains the Same, even if you're conversion or me rate me then your CPA goes up oftentimes.

What we see is the click through rate goes down. So the cost per visitor goes up and the sales conversion rate goes down a bit. Right? And so then our CPA goes up that much more and so my point is that once At break even the goal is now to scale your traffic as much as you can until you break that break even. Mmm, yeah.

Yeah. So yeah, does that make sense? Yeah hundred percent and and I guess you nailed it you found like the the other issue on a front end right now, we're running. Let me let me try to convert this cost back into this. It's so surround.

a hundred grand per month in in traffic costs into our funnel and I guess once we tried scaling above that then. The economic starts to break. Yeah, and so that's why I'm focusing on that landing page because I feel like there's so much more room if that makes sense. So, I'm not sure that would that be the right and that correct you you are absolutely spot on so then Right, you scared. So hundred grand.

You're at break 100 Grand a month. Cool. You're at break either. Once you go above that hundred grand, then it starts to break down where the CPA and aov, you know, it starts to get it starts to get whacked. That's when what you want to do is then you want to look at.

All right. What is the constraint on the marketing performance side and for you with a the two percent, um often rain that is absolutely positively the um, the the issue the reality really is man that you know, like look at a curiosity have you touch with the two percent often rate? Right? What we're the the we're losing 98% of the traffic that we're paying for, right? So we're losing 98% of the traffic that we're paying for and we're getting very little benefit in terms of the the volume of people that we can follow up with who don't buy who opt in two percent.

And so the the Have you tested just going straight to the offer? And not and not using an opt-in. Like if you're losing you're losing anything. Yeah, I would go I would go, you know, I would go straight to the offer. I'll tell you that whenever we test a new funnel 99 out of 100 times we go straight to the offer first.

And so we go straight to the offer first because we want to expose the most amount of traffic to the to the offer remember like right now, you know, you're only getting two out of every 100 people to actually see the offer. Well what happens if you get 100 out of 100 people to see the offer, right? Could you potentially right? And so even forgetting the, you know, forget the the opt-in and so test I would test going straight to the offer. Let me ask you this on the offer is there there's an ad to cart button and then they go over to an order form.

Oh, sorry. So two of the front ends that we won we run are all call booking funnels. So if you're saying run to an offer, I would I'm pre-posing your referring to just drive them straight to the vsl, which is like the second. Okay? Yeah, correct.

So right now so right now right so it's it's ad to opt-in page two vsl that pitches on the the phone call, right? Because I know that you guys are machine with the phone. And so yeah, that's just a matter of I just at you know, like look we certainly could test going, you know, we we certainly can test, um the opt-in page and see I mean look at you know, if the current one is that two percent we need something radically different to get it up to 12 15% but the reality is even at you know, like for you even at 12:15 percent, you know, you're still losing your overwhelming. Already of your of your of your traffic. And yeah, and so yeah, I would test going direct to to the to that vsl.

When when you make the pitch at the end of that vsl. Oh, yes for the for the phone call. So what is the next step? So they click the button to say? Yes, I want the you know, I want to speak to somebody and then what's the next step in the campaign?

Is it like it's a form that they fill out? Yes, it's like a simple four-step funnel. Right? So the opt-in vsl and once they click yes, and it's like a calendly page so they fill up the time and the answer some questions and it's a thank you page. and so so just to go back for one second, so So vsl.

They click. Yes. I want the call and then they come to a page that's got a few questions and has the calendly link and okay. So one of the other things that I would put on your list to test well, let me ask you this question. Do you know offhand what the abandonment rate is on that calendly page?

Like do you have any idea how many people hit that page and don't fill it out? I know it's interesting question. Yeah, so that's okay. So one of the things yeah, it's totally believe me. Let me tell you something Ed sometimes I when I ask top one folks a question.

I have to think to myself. I'm like man. I wonder if my team is looking at that and so don't feel you know, so don't you know, it's we all suffer from you know, some blind spots. So one of the other things so number one, I would definitely test and let's see right run some traffic direct to the to that vsl page bypassing the opt-in right? You're only we're only capturing 2% right now.

Um, even if it was 5% 10% 12% we're still losing 88, you know, plus percent of our of our traffic and so immediately that shoots up our CPA right because it multiplies the cost what it's costing us to get somebody to actually see the vsl. Think about this man, you know, think about that right now. If we were paying a dollar of visitor, let's just say a dollar a visitor, right? And so we send a hundred visitors and so it cost us a dollar per visitor, but now with the 2% Opt-in rate the cost per view of the vsl now goes up to $50. Because you have two people that opt in right we spent a hundred a hundred divided by two means that our cost per view of the vsl is now 50 bucks immediately our cost per view shot from a dollar to 50 in this case if we're paying a buck and so I would go straight to the vsl.

The other thing that I would test and I wouldn't test those two things at the same time. So the old I would test going straight to vsl with everything else the same right now. And then the second thing that I would test is I would test doing a a two-step and what I mean by that is so they click the button below the vsl to book the call. And then there is a let's say a pop-up and it says step one enter your name email address continue to step two. I was with that.

That's right. And then they go to the this way you can see the you can see the abandonment rate because you may be surprised at how many people hit that page and they don't feel it out. And so that's important because then it gives us obviously the ability to have an extensive follow-up campaign for those people that fill out step one. It also gives us the ability to follow up with um, you know, like if if let's say, you know, you're you're using this campaign also for your house file. It gives us the ability to send people to the V.

Adele know who didn't do step one know who did do step one and know who did do step two and so which is the the form and and the appointment. That's perfect, you know just about to ask because we got a strong. What do you call those in English like a Saturday team? We got a set of teams go. So.

Yeah. I was just about to ask in the vsl. Could we add like a two step where the the first step is name last name and the phone and then they haven't counted definitely and and one of the other things that I would consider doing just going, you know, really just going the distance and this is just like, you know you file this away. This is kind of a a nice to have not a make or break but um, but depending on the on the tech like if you are able to like we're able to monitor what percentage of the video somebody watches so we can see somebody goes to the you know to the to the vsl like and so from your house file right when like when we send people from our house file over to a video and and let's say we see that A you know, X percentage of people didn't fill out step one where we're able to identify out of the people who didn't fill out step one how many of them watch the whole video and just never filled out step one those people. That segment are is a great segment to turn over to your Setter team.

Mmm, right because they saw the whole message and for whatever reason they just didn't you know, they didn't take the next step. It could be that they were in a rush. It could be that they were like, I'll come back and do it later. You know, like what what you have to remember what I think we as marketers often have to remind ourselves of is that there's a lot of different potential reasons why somebody doesn't take action we immediately assume they're not interested right like a hundred people saw the vsl and and you know, 80 people didn't take action and so 80 people aren't interested. But that's not the case.

There are a lot of people this is why right like like and you likely seeing this yourself. It's amazing when we run, you know, when we run campaigns and we run all of our campaigns now with a deadline and it's amazing how many people will wait until the last day like the majority wait until the last day and the majority on the last day wait till the last like three hours and so those people Apple saw it before right like many of those people saw it before they were just like, all right. I definitely want to do this. I'll do this later when I got my wallet in front of me my credit card or whatnot. And so there's a lot of reasons why people don't don't respond or respond right away.

And so again the people that watch the whole video that's a great segment to turn over to your setters. Mmm, that's perfect. That's great. Yeah all I'll definitely be asking Teddy about that. That's for sure for sure.

Yeah, and he's always thought I do also have a question regarding to the messaging because I feel like that. That could potentially well not not good. I I know there's like a huge huge room for improvement there because right now and and just to give you some context right? We so so our front and our front and low second like the lowest ticket thing we have right now is 15 grand and it teaches, you know, like a business all everything A to Z our own unique methodology about funnels and how to how to scale it with ads through Facebook and through YouTube and all that kind of stuff and we're we've literally been the first ones in the Chinese market to kind of sell that and kind of claim that and use headlines that are just you know problem aware. Would you like to you know, get get customers online?

So what franker is doing and now we're seeing and and so that's that's kind of like that has contributed towards explosive growth right now. It has slowed down a bit and we've also we can see it's it could be because of the potential competitors that that are popping up right now. Some are just niching down, you know, like get clients for for insurance agents and and summer just caught straight up copying somewhere headlines which you know, As you know, it happens, right? And so what I thought about right now is to just to you to Niche down not in in like industry in right Niche down not targeting like a specific industry but Niche down with one of our mediums and just use that as like an angle for funnels in our ads. So right now since everybody is teaching, you know, Facebook advertising.

Nobody is teaching YouTube advertising or nobody is using you to advertising as well. So we're pitching that and and that was my theory right like the this would be like a hit and really was like it was a banger like right out of the gate but the performance just dipped like like are often it started wrong like 60% and obviously it's probably because of our warm markets, but as we scale the cold traffic just dip dip dip all the way to percent. I was wondering if and if you correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm thinking right now it could be Goes all of our headlines, you know, and we've split tested the headlines too. They're all solution awareness. Like how YouTube ads you used to add to scalar business, you know, our secret YouTube ads methodology blah blah and all that stuff in Chinese.

Would you say that by by taking our messaging back down to somewhere around problem where using some unique mechanisms Big Ideas and all those Frameworks? Could that could that help? Was yeah. Yes. Also.

I love the question man, like and it just it puts a smile it warms. My heart man to hear you ask the question because it demonstrates, you know, your your sophistication as a marketer really understanding that that your Market markets evolve man over time based on what it is that they have seen from others based on their awareness. They're familiarity with a topic with an idea and and we have to adjust accordingly. So it's it's um, so I'm gonna try to answer the question, but I think unfortunately it's more of a I'm gonna guide you to identify the right answer to the question. So, you know, look I I think you really have to attempt to the best of your ability to determine really where the market is at as a whole in terms of the promise exposure spectrum and it's excuse me what I mean by that is that Is that is the market has the market now been saturated with promises like how to make money online kind of they've heard that you know already.

That's now it's no longer anything new. It is now kind of, you know common in in their world. Well, if so, right then we have to look at the the we have to look at the promise that we're making and is the promise, you know big enough. Is it exciting enough? Um and is the market at that level two, you know, are they still at that level two stage where the people that you are competing with are now promising how to make a million dollars online a year how to you know, how to get a million Facebook fans, right or or are we now seeing the introduction of these quote unquote unique mechanisms?

So the reality is is that and just bear with me for a second. The reality is that when you go with a pitch like let's say, um how to use YouTube advertising, you know, are you know how to use YouTube advertising to Skyrocket your business. Yeah. Well with that type of promise that that is really a level three in terms of Promise exposure spectrum, that really is the unique mechanism. In other words, you're really introducing this idea of YouTube advertising and that is really you could make the argument that it's really it is a unique opportunity right now and you are the first to introduce the market to the to the unique opportunity.

And so if the market is at um is at level two level three, you know, or they're now at level two where they're hearing all these promises and your competitors are making these Big bold audacious claims how to make a million dollars online then. It is smart for you to introduce a specific method or platform like YouTube advertising if nobody else is talking about YouTube advertising then all you need to do is talk about YouTube advertising, right? And that's and that's good enough. If others were already talking about YouTube advertising then we need your unique, you know, the Edward method, you know of YouTube advertising but here's the only caveat that I will say and why this is so important why I started by saying you really need to get clarity on where the market is at because if the market Is really still only if a market is only still at level one. Let's say I'm bordering on level two and we introduce level three we do run the risk of being too sophisticated for where they're at.

Right and so another words like right if people are still wondering, you know, can I make money online as a possible to make money online? Like I'd love to find an opportunity to just make money online and we're now talking about this kind of this level deeper of how to use YouTube advertising to to flood your business. You do run the risk of of being a little bit too sophisticated for the market. So you need to really identify where are they at? What are they already know?

What if they already heard? What is commonplace to them? Right? What what are they kind of beginning to ignore based on your your belief in terms of claims promises on that sort of stuff and that'll give us an idea of then where we need to where we need to go. Does that make sense?

Yes hundred percent and I do like and I think there's a little bit of a there's a there's a little bit there's a way a little bit of a way to um to balance the two and just kind of ponder this. So let's say the market, you know, let's say you've got you know, you know some people and and there are always kind of people at these different stages, but it's really the market as a as a whole like of course look in the United States, right if I were to say, you know how to make money online the overall majority of people have heard that there are still people out there that are interested in that that are brand new to this space. But the size of that universe is infinitely smaller today than it was 10 years ago in the United States. Um, but one of the things that you can do is you can you you can still talk about let's say, um how to make money online kind of thing. But what you're doing is you're introducing an incredible unique new opportunity right now to do it with Facebook with YouTube.

And so it's it's almost like right like, you know, like monster, you know Monster opportunity and I'm just rattling, you know, you take the I'm just rattling an example, you know, like monster opportunity for average folks now available on YouTube to make a you know to make a personal fortune in your own business every month, right? So you're still kind of leveraging that core desire of making money if that's what they're if that's what right but now you are introducing, but you're not going as far as to talk about YouTube ad. Rising I just said monster opportunity new opportunity is open to to average folks on YouTube to make a fortune for your own personal business, right? You strike while the irons hot right now, it's untapped. Right?

And here's how anybody can do it and then you can go into right like then you would go into this opportunity on YouTube and in the pitch or in the in the marketing argument, you wouldn't get into the Nitty Gritty details of like hey YouTube advertising allows for better targeting than Facebook and you you wouldn't get into that because that's too sophisticated for the market but you're still introducing them to this unique opportunity that nobody else is talking about you're just tying it back to this is the the new and better way or the new and best way right now the fastest and easiest way for you to make money online or for you to grow your business online today. We call it right like whatever YouTube hacking and I'm gonna show you exactly How to do it I'm gonna explain how to do it in this message something like that. Does that make sense? Yeah 100% And and just the clarify what one thing taught when you say level when you refer to the the pyramid as levels. Are you referring to it top down or from bottom up bottom up?

So level one would be is it most aware or or yeah. Okay. So that's a great question. So remember that there are two things that were were talking about. There are two two things that we use to determine or to help us get clarity on the market.

There's the prospect awareness pyramid, which is unaware problem aware solution aware product aware most aware. Um, and that is really more about their awareness of a problem the problem that you solve and right um, and their awareness of the different solutions out there, right and they're awareness of even maybe potentially Your solution what it is that you guys provide right? And so the way the prospect the Earnest Pyramid has to do with their level of awareness of the problem and whether they have it or not and whether they believe they have it or not and and the different solutions out there, but then we've got the promise exposure spectrum and the promise exposure spectrum is more about what have they heard in terms of promises and mechanisms. So with the promise exposure Spectrum, you know, right like level one is you let's say let's say hypothetically level one is Is when we when we're the only ones making a particular promise like, you know, like when we were the with I talk about this example, you've probably heard me say this before when the vet the burner the fat burner, right? Yeah the fat burner right like take this pill and lose weight.

That's all they needed to say. They didn't need to talk about how much weight they didn't need to talk about. What was in the in the thing why because nobody else had ever made that promise so the market had never heard that promise. So in terms of the promise exposure Spectrum those people right that was level one, but then right level two is when competitors come along and they enlarge the claim so it becomes take this pill and lose 20 pounds take this pill lose 50 pounds take this pill and lose a hundred pounds. They're just enlarging the promise, right?

And you reach a point where like man when you're in a market where your competitors are promising these almost ridiculous outlandish results that right are either a lie, or they're not believable or they're just stretching. Truth or who knows? Right? What we do is we don't try to compete by remaining at level two we go to level three and level three is when we introduce the unique mechanism, right? And so when we introduce the unique mechanism and then level four is when we expand on the unique mechanism, that's when right and for you you don't even have to for us in the info world in the training world.

You don't have to worry about that because nobody's gonna nobody's gonna knock off your unique mechanism. It's your it's your mechanism. Right? We see that in the world like in the supplement space when you know take this fat burner that has Garcinia Cambogia and then other people come out with the same type of supplement with the same Garcinia Cambogia in there. Then we have to go to level four.

We're now it's pharmaceutical grade Cambodia. It's cambogia with a digestive enzyme or something like that. And so you've got these two different things that we're looking at one is right like is one is um, what level of the prospect awareness pyramid am I talking to? My talking to people that you know, like am I talking to people that aren't even you know, they're not struggling. Let's let's keep it real simple and say that, you know, they're they're not even aware that they're not getting enough traffic.

Let's say we're solving this problem of not enough traffic and so you got level you got unaware where these are entrepreneurs. These are people that they're not even thinking about traffic. They're not worried about traffic. They're they're in a much earlier stage or something. So they're not even aware of a lack of traffic therefore, they're not in the market for a solution for traffic and then you've got people that are at problem aware.

They just they realize we're not getting enough traffic, but I'm not sure what to do. Should I do organic? Should I do blog post? I do YouTube video should have a channel should I do paid ads and then there are all right. There are people at the solution stage.

Those people are now deciding date. They say I really want to do paid ads, but I'm unsure of whether I should do Facebook or you know, or YouTube, you know, I'm not really sure yet. Or maybe I should be doing tiktok. I'm not sure where I should place. There's still kind of deciding on the solution.

And then you've got product aware. Those are people that say I now want I want to do Facebook ads and I want to learn how to do it. And so now they're in the market for a training program. Who's the best What's the best program right but on the promise exposure Spectrum? It's almost like all right, so you can have somebody that is let's say product aware.

They know that they want Facebook ads and they want to learn how to do Facebook ads. But now we have to take that and now we go over to the promise exposure spectrum and we have to ask ourselves. We have to look at the market and we have to look at what it is that prospects have heard and we have to say all right. Is anybody promising to solve Facebook ads because if not then all we need to do that means that even though they're at a product product aware stage. That means that on the promise exposure Spectrum.

We're at level one. All we need to do is make them a promise of Facebook ads. But if there are other people that are making those promises already then right? Well, can we promise more better results, right if the answer is there are already people that are promising these huge results. That's when we have to introduce our unique mechanism.

So now we have a message which is based on a promise back by a mechanism. That is People that are at the product-aware stage. So you see how you have to use both to really to really identify The Sweet Spot. Yes hundred percent. Okay.

Yeah and and week have what you said. I I should conduct is it the The promise exposure test to the market by testing out different headlines for the people in the solution awareness. For the people in a solution aware segment. So stay in the same set when but kind of tests out the market and I mean look, I you you certainly can and there's a lot of validity and value to to doing that. We don't do that.

I like meaning I I really what I do is I look at the market specifically I look at you know, I go and I'll look it the what let's say we were talking about, you know, Facebook advertising, you know, I want to see what are there others out there that are talking about Facebook advertising and if so, what are they saying? Right and art do they have a unique mechanism are they just making outrageous claims? I'm just looking at the market and based on what I'm seeing from the market meaning the advertising that's being exposed to this segment of people or to the marketplace. Then I'm gonna make a judgment of yeah, man. This is wow, like tons of people are already talking about Facebook ads and making these big bold promises.

So we want to go we want to introduce a unique mechanism or I might see man. There's nobody that's talking about Facebook ads and so therefore I'm gonna go in and I'm gonna talk about Facebook ads or there are some people that have just started to talk about Facebook ads, but their promise is very weak like learn, you know, learn how to use Facebook ads to grow your business and I could go in there and I can confidently say, you know how to get you know, 1000 new buyers every month with simple Facebook ads, right? And so for me while yes, you certainly can test it's a little for me personally you just take this is not right or wrong, right? But for me it is um, it's a little bit slow. It's a little bit tedious and so we I look at the market and I make a judgment based on what I'm seeing from the market of what I feel the type of message is that we need to create and then we create it and then we let the actual results prove to us, you know, whether I nailed it or I was off the Mark got it and then if let's say you were off the okay.

Let's say let's say there was a so so for this paint so to speak we can see that we're targeting people who are our headline is obviously people who are in the solution-aware stage and the promise is just you know, like a simple promise because nobody else is making that promise if that's still not performing which you suggest us to on on the awareness pyramid. Would you suggest we move back one level to the problem awareness stage and then see and engage the market see where our prospects are on the promise exposures spectrum and then create our headline based off of that great question. So great great question. So um, no, I wouldn't do it that way. So you said that let's say we run the campaign and it doesn't work right like and that's the kind of the the catch all phrase.

It doesn't work. Whatever. That means. Right? Well before we go and we adjust like the who we're targeting on the awareness pyramid the problem, right?

Because really the reality is is that The reality is is that when it comes to the prospect awareness pyramid, it is more about making a choice of ultimately who you want to Target assuming that you've got people at each level. It's really just a choice. There is no right or wrong. It is it is deciding. What is the segment that I want to go after and then creating the appropriate message for them?

So it's not a matter of choosing a different segment. It's really it's a matter of choosing choosing the segment that you want to go after and then creating the appropriate message but to answer the question right really, right. So now it doesn't work. So and you've heard me talk about this before so the question then becomes well, why didn't it work? Like what does that mean?

What is not working? So now let's say hypothetically let's say we're getting leads, you know, we're getting traffic and hypothetically we're still using an opt-in and we are getting leads and let's say our opt-in is 12 15 20 percent whatever it is and we're not generating any sales. Well, what I would say to you is that tells me that the Idea that the theme the promise is resonating because we are getting clicks. We are getting traffic. We are getting opt-ins, but we're not converting.

And so now I'm going to look at the vsl. And I'm going to see all right. Well what percentage of the people are actually hearing the offer now, let's say hypothetically that we see that wow. This campaign is not working or not working. Well, right but we're getting clicks.

So we're getting visitors. We're getting opt-ins and we're not generating any sales and like 80% of the people are seeing the offer just as an example. Well, then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go in and I'm gonna tweak the offer. And so right I'm gonna tweak the offer now, let's say right I look at the campaign. It's not working and we realize, you know, a 10% of the people are getting to the offer.

Right, so they're dropped 90% are dropping off somewhere along the lines and so I'm not gonna go in and then tweak the offer because only 10% or even seeing the offer. So I'm gonna look at in the vsl. Where is the first major drop off point? I'm gonna look to see like in the lead. Are we losing 60% of the people in the in the lead in the first two minutes or 60 seconds?

Because if so, that's what I'm gonna tweak. Right and I'm gonna tweak the lead and so before you you know, before you go on this assumption that right like our our promise just doesn't align with where the market is at. Let's confirm that and the Really the easy way to confirm that the fast way to confirm that is when you see like our click through rate is in the toilet assuming that we're targeting the best right our click through rate is in the toilet. Um, and and so we're we're not able to get people interested right? That's when I'm gonna start to look at.

All right. We need to start to we need to see if we can either Express this Differently in terms of the headline express the idea Express the promise we're going to work on the expression of it. If after we run two three, maybe even four tests on changing the expression of the promise. We still can't get the visitors. Then I know that we're off the mark on something.

We got to take a step back and revisit and relook at the the audience again and go back and see where did we make a misstep? What did we maybe assume that wasn't the case? Gotcha, buying the constraint as always first and see yeah exactly always because it's it's one of those things where you know, what you don't want to do is, you know, it's it's kind of like I look at it as you know, like I look at it as you got a you have a car and let's say something is is wrong with the battery. Right? And and what a lot of people do a lot of marketers do is they they go they try to fix what it is that they're most comfortable with or something that they think is right and so they'll change the tires but who cares about the tires if the tires aren't the issue and the battery is the issue right when you have to try to identify the issue and we identify the issue by looking at those marketing performance metrics and we let those metrics tell us right what's going on and that really goes back to what it is that we were talking about at the very beginning that you know, those marketing metrics.

Those performance metrics are just levers for us right to to pull. To get our economics to where where we need them to be. But before we pull one of the levers we want to make sure that this is the right lever to pull based on what the metrics are telling us. It's kind of like right it's kind of like another kind of metaphor if you will is right like you go. It's we use the the performance metrics are the equivalent of blood work when we go to the doctor.

So you get the blood work and you get numbers and those numbers tell you what's potentially going on so that you're not pulling a lever right for your kidneys or your liver that have that are totally fine and have no that's not the problem. The problem is, you know your stomach or whatever and so that's the same thing that we do with the marketing metrics. We identify what the constraint is and then we see if we can make an adjustment there. Um test it again test it again and we give ourselves a couple of you know, really a few swings at the back to make adjustments before we kind of revamp the whole thing. Is there like an average like is there just a point in which you know?

After a couple of split tests, you just go. Well like is there like a specific? I don't know. I have this this Habit to go in the specific. Let's save our average.

Well both be a good gauging point in which you would just go. Let's say for a landing page. Let's say how many split test would you go until you just kind of throw in the towel and just you know change up the campaign or or maybe just take a step back and we look at everything again if that makes sense or even a click through rate. Yeah, is that Germans of the market? Right?

Well, you know, so yeah, it's a great question. I love the specifics. I love that you you really push for that, you know, so and I don't believe that there is a right answer here. I believe that, you know, you can take some other marketers and they might tell you something different. I would say that we now I want to be clear on this so we'll do a lot more tests with ad creative.

Then we will with a landing page out of here ease right because it's easy. Ross right. It's true. I would say that with landing pages, you know, so with opt-in pages with sales pages with vsls. I don't believe we do more than six and so at six you know for me personally, I'm like I'm tapped, you know, like that's six.

Yeah, and so I will tell you that, you know, we've got I've got clients. I've got students. I've got friends that are wildly successful that have done 20 30 different tests. No joke on a vsl like changed, you know, we will they'll run three different leads and find the winner, you know, and then they'll run three different offers and find the winner and then you know like and and so and and they run and and so, you know, look I I do believe that if you run enough split if you're you know, if you're a Savvy marketer like you are and you run enough split test Eventually, excuse me, you're gonna find the winner. It might require you to To make some radical changes like not just changing the headline but changing the theme changing the idea changing the promise, you know, but for us I just after six I'm kind of bored and so for me, it's you know at six.

I'm I'm done. I'm like, all right, and we've had campaigns. We've had a couple campaigns over the years that we've run six tests and and just couldn't make it work and I said just shelve it shelve it. We'll use the we'll use the offer as a bonus or we'll test it as an upsell or but for whatever reason couldn't make it work on the on the front end. And so that's normal man.

Awesome. Awesome. I love that. I love that and the I just want to shift gears a little bit Todd and talk about the back end because we Well for the longest time, we we've all we've only just we've only just you know, thought that maybe the well, we've never reused the campaign because we thought oh the Market's seen it when we're only around once and starting this year. We actually started doing that and we're seeing similar if not better results for when we did it and it's so much more easily.

We're using the email campaigns and actually got that I idea from from you as well with the I I believe it was like the entrepreneurial playing process every year and you're right. Yes. I was like a that was that's a huge breakthrough for us and I was also wondering could could this In addition to your the beginning of the year at the end of the year and let's say Black Friday, excluding all of that. Is it possible to do that to cycle campaigns? Mid-year and and it's not only it's not only possible and it is it is recommended.

I would tell you that you will be blown away by the the short memory that people have I'll tell you something interesting. I don't know if you are on so we we recycle campaigns all the time and really our our ultimate aim is and some some campaigns come out of this. Um, this cycle and new ones come in. Um, but like our aim is to recycle campaigns every eight weeks and so really well, I think that do you really listen do you really think somebody is gonna open up your email and be like, wait a minute. I got this email two months ago.

No, no the overall the really interesting thing is by any chance. Are you on Frank Kearns list? Yeah, so all right is probably the best Example of this and I did this recently because I was curious of how many other people are recycling campaigns the way the way we are I would say that Frank is the absolute most aggressive campaign recycler that I have ever seen and if you go into your email, like I have you know, I I save I have an email where I save everybody's email like I don't delete any emails from any any marketers entrepreneurs and you can go in there and pull up certain subject lines. And then right so go to if you use Google go to Gmail do a search, you know for Frank Kern, you know, whatever, you know subject line last chance. Let's just say hypothetically, um, and I want you to look at how often he is sending out the same exact email to the same list, right and and like it is it's shocking and He would only do it if it worked and so Frank could be sending out of the same campaign that there was I believe that I believe that and I could I could find out from him if you really wanted to but I believe that he ran a campaign once four times the exact same campaign exact same emails each time separated by two weeks and that's it.

And so he ran it and that right boom and then he rant two weeks later. He ran the same exact thing two weeks later. He ran the same exact thing two weeks later. He ran the same exact thing and I'll for time purposes right because I think somebody's gonna jump on and just a couple minutes. Oh sure for the next fall, but for time purpose, I want to give you something to to Really to to think about and how to how to do this.

I'm a huge believer. I actually really want to try to do our campaigns even more often and see what happens because like the reality is to really boil things down man, and you know this and I think everybody in top one most marketers know this but for whatever reason they Live it out. And that is this dude. Here's the reality the more offers that you put out. The more money.

You will make the more opportunities that you give and when I say more offers, I don't necessarily mean the more products right? I just mean more offers the more opportunities that you give people to to buy the more opportunities that you give people to engage with a marketing message and an offer the more money you're gonna make periods. And so one of the things that you've got to realize is that is that the majority of people aren't opening the email then out of the ones that do the majority aren't clicking on the email and out of the ones that click the majority aren't buying and so the reality is if you really look at your numbers, let's just say you ran one of your campaigns two weeks ago. Well, the reality is is that the majority of the people on your house file never even saw the offer man, they never even saw the offer and so the reality is is that you run it again and people aren't gonna remember they're not gonna remember no one is going to complain like hey you just That need this right like three weeks ago or a month ago. Forget yearly like no one, you know, forget you we have people do that have bought Epp and bought it again the next year not realizing they already owned it and so and right and because people don't remember and so what you ultimately though, you know, like I would tell you is that is that is some food for thought.

Is that a you you can certainly you can certainly do that, right you like what we do. Let me give you this Ultra quick breakdown. You've heard me talk about this before I'm gonna try to be as fast as I possibly can here. So we run these campaigns and what we do is we lead generate out of our own house file. So I will send out for example, three days of emails that are all kind of teaser emails, you know, a little content emails with with a call to action to go over and check out the video, right?

So it's not about the offer. It's not about the product. It's like hey you struggling with you know, Are you know you think about Facebook traffic? Not sure really where to start. I got a new video that explains the single best way to use Facebook to to grow your business right now like crazy click here and check it out.

I think you're gonna love it. Enjoy Todd. And so it's three days of emails like that. And then what happens is anytime somebody clicks on that email on any one of those emails and they go over to the sales page. They are removed from that sequence and now they're put into a conversion sequence.

Yeah conversion sequence is now all about the offer and what we've begun to every single offer has a deadline and we use deadline funnel. So it's all Evergreen for everybody. Everybody's got a deadline. So now they go through a sequence that is basically a countdown sequence a conversion sequence all about the offer all about the benefits. But here's the thing to recognize that right when we run that campaign to the house file.

There are always a huge amount of people that never click on any of those links in that. Sequence so they never saw the offer. So right a month later six weeks later for us eight weeks later when we roll it out again, right? Like we're now giving those people a second opportunity to click we're giving new people an opportunity to click. Nobody has ever not once complained and now you move more people over and it's done once it's done once it's done.

And so now all we do we've got these sequences like for us inside of Infusionsoft and all we do is say hey, you know what next week it's time next week, we're gonna do um Epp and so cool. Take the list dump them into that first sequence. Boom. Now automatically for the next three days, they get those click emails and then everything is automatic the following week. We could say hey, you know what we want to put them into a different, you know, a different sequence a different campaign and then we do that and so it's a it's a beautiful thing in motion and I would tell you that the more that you do that the more money you'll make and the more consistency they'll be with your Metrics because you're not recreating the wheel every time you're not rewriting emails, you'll know we know right whenever like we know that everyone who clicks on a link in that first part of that that sequence they're worth x amount of money to US based on the historical performance of that of that sequence of those of those campaigns.

Does that make sense? Yes hundred percent. Thank you so much. Thought I've got a handful action steps, right? I love man.

I love I I thoroughly man enjoy chatting with you dude. Like I thoroughly enjoy it you are and all are my friend and and I love man seeing the the growth and evolution in in you I can tell just from your questions man and kind of and the way that your mind is working and looking at things man that man you're growing evolving and it's so it's amazing to see dude. And so I tip my hat to you and I'm here for you. We're here for you. If you need anything.

If you want to speak to Teddy about, you know about any of the the tech stuff, please just message blender. She will take care of that right away. And um and keep me posted keep me abreast if you need anything slack me. If not, I hope to talk soon and I hope to see you soon, man. Sounds good.

Thanks God, okay.
