---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-10-22 14:16:56"
date: 2024-10-22
duration: 27m
duration_seconds: 1658
vimeo_id: 1022152288
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-10-22 14:16:56

**Date:** 2024-10-22 | **Duration:** 27m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

How do you choose the best or the right platform for a new ad campaign? That's what we're gonna talk about. Should you go on Facebook? Should you go on YouTube? Should you go on Instagram?

How do you know the best platform to launch a new ad campaign for one of your funnels? Of course, we're back with none other than John Moray. What's up John? What's up? Todd, you must be sick of me at this stage.

Not at all, man. I love spending time with you at top one and, and having these, these calls and picking your brain, man. Always great stuff, dude. And so, uh, but let's dive in and, and get to it. And so, so let's say somebody came to you and and said, look, I've got a funnel.

Maybe they've tested it a little bit with some house traffic, with their email database, maybe they haven't, but they're confident in the funnel and now they're trying to decide, i I, you know, I wanna do some paid media, I wanna do some online advertising. How do I decide where to start? Should I start on Facebook? Should I start on YouTube? Is there another platform?

Walk us through the process of, of, of how you decide what platform to begin with and why. Yeah, so some of the things that we consider, um, there's some of the main things that we consider in terms of choosing when, what platform is. So there's two things. First of all, there's choosing what platform to start with, and then there's like choosing the ecosystem that you wanna bring up. Build out long term.

So long term, I believe, um, like if you're scaling your campaigns, you should be on as many platforms as possible as possible. So say for example, we generally focus on, um, branded search and see keyword campaigns and Google search meta, which is Facebook and Instagram, and then YouTube ads. They're that, that's kind of where we like, or where we build our ecosystem around. So longer term, what I'd like people to move towards is getting into the, at least those three areas, maybe looking at others after that. But like the, everything stems from my long term is to get there if, if we can and if we need to.

But to start off then, before we, like start off, before we can get going in all those platforms, we have to start with one obviously. And then in terms of starting with one, we generally take a step back and, and look at two areas of the business. First and foremost is the, the actual market for the offer, the actual market for the, the product that we're gonna be promoting, the service we're promoting, the offer we're promoting. So where are those people currently hanging out? And is the, the, to kind of dive a little bit deeper into that is when we're analyzing our market and doing our market research and doing, you know, doing all of our competitor research and, and all the stuff that we do when we're helping be like, that people should be doing anyways, or we would help them do is we start to find out, okay, the, the types of places people are hanging out, the type of things people are searching for, the types of things people are interested in.

And then we can get a feel for where the market is. Because obviously some products and some offers and some services are more in line with, um, community driven marketplaces like Facebook, like ins like Instagram and places like that where others are more a highly intent based, where that's gonna be like things like Google search and everything else, and maybe some YouTube search and things like that. So we have to first analyze our market, and then let's say we've analyzed our market and we've a fair idea where we want to go with the second side of that is then is in terms of the skillset of the person who's gonna be running the traffic or, or actually gonna be creating the creatives, because obviously there's no point in me saying you need to be doing YouTube when you're absolutely despised going in front of the camera and you're not good on camera, you're not comfortable on camera. Me telling you to go on YouTube is just going to, you're going to come up with 15 reasons why you don't wanna do video, and then you're just not gonna do it. So first and foremost, it's starting where the market is and meeting them where they're at.

And then secondly, like at least when someone's gonna be, say, running their own media, it's like starting with, with, with platforms where the skill level isn't as high as, say you don't need high production quality video and things like that. So typically, and this is typically when we're testing new campaigns and new offers, typically, like the, we, we would start as something like meta on Facebook, but that's not to say that we wouldn't capitalize on something like, um, Google search and some branded search as well, because the intent can be there. But like, first and foremost for us, like generally speaking for the lion share of clients we work with that are in the, say the, the, the coaching space or the consulting space, or they have an info product or, or whatever the case is, or a course or, or whatever the case may be. Typically from a testing point of view, we, we like to test on, on platforms like Meta, but that's not just because Meta is like easier than another platform. It's because in those spaces we know that the markets are on meta, we know that they're interacting in Facebook groups, we know that they're, they're hanging out in groups and they're posting in communities and all these different things.

So we start with meta. So it always starts with where the audience are at. And like I said, if it's a high intent audience that the they're, they're they're searching on Google for, that's, say for example, you're setting a trading software, um, and like, are people searching for similar softwares to yours? If they are, and if if it lends itself to intent based marketing, well then yeah, maybe we wouldn't test on meta straight away, we'd go straight to Google. So it really depends on the audience first and then the skill level then after that.

Yeah. Awesome, man. So I just wanna touch on this in intent based, because I think that what you really, you know, what you really touched on is an interesting point that I wanna make sure folks get. So, you know, look, you know, different platforms attract people with different levels of intent. Obviously when somebody goes to Google and searches for, you know, what's the best trading software or, you know, trading software app or something like that, the intent is significantly greater obviously than that same trader who's going on Facebook to keep up with their, their friends and to interact with different groups and, and pages and whatnot.

And that's also different from, let's say, the person who is going on YouTube and merely searching for a video on trading. And so there are different levels of intent for different platforms, and that different level of intent is ultimately going to impact the type of creative that you use to get their attention and create engagement. Now, is it fair to say, John, that you know that some products, I don't even wanna say markets, but some products lend themselves significantly more to intent based advertising than others. Like, you know, like for example, you know, let's take, you know, there, there are probably, I've never done research on this, but I have to imagine there are probably very few people that are waking up in the morning and actively, um, thinking about they wanna get a newsletter subscription to, you know, some financial or trading publication, but yet when it comes to, let's say purchasing a particular camera or a particular supplement, there are a lot more intent-based people, therefore there are a lot more intent-based searches, and therefore there's a different opportunity in terms of online ads, media buying to really leverage Google. And maybe, like you said, to start with Google rather than starting on Facebook.

And so is that fair to say what it is that I just shared? Yeah, I mean that, that's bang on, like, there, there are certain markets, certain products, and again, like the more, probably more products than markets that lend themselves to things like, like if someone was in the, like the way we look at it is put yourself in your prospect shoes and like, where are they, like in terms of their level of awareness? And if they're, if they're a little bit higher up in the level of awareness, does your product fall into a category where they will go to Google to search for it? Now obviously there's like, if we take the, the agency for example, obviously in terms of levels of awareness, there's people that are like completely unaware at the bottom. They don't even know that the reason why they're not able to scale their business is because they don't have dunno how to run effective paid media.

They're not even aware of that at all. All the way up to the top. There's someone that I've had a consultation with that is aware of the agency, aware of our agency or offer our pricing and structuring and everything else. So they're in between those two brackets. There's a long string of people, but in, in to like, throughout that, there's gonna be phases that people go through where there is higher intent, so they might search for it, there may be people out there searching for, you know, um, advertising agency near me and things like that.

They're obviously high intent around hiring an agency. Um, so we can capitalize on those folks potentially. But one thing to, to mention with intent is that with intent and with high intent comes high, high costs and high competition. Yeah. And, and then that makes it, the, the, what we go back to so often is in terms of economics is that, um, when there's high intent and high competition, there's gonna be high costs.

So then economics become even more important. Again, when there's high intent, and I know we come back to economics a lot, but there's a reason why we come back to economics a lot because when there is high intent there, like I said, there's high competition. Perfect example is, let's say take in the the local marketing space where you have like a local chiropractor or a local dentist and everything else they, like, I I would be telling them to be on Google search as a priority and as a, as their primary tool, but knowing that they will be paying a premium for those clicks as well, because everybody else is probably gonna be there as well. Yeah, well said man. I, I, I think that it is valuable for folks to really understand, look, you know, high intent is super valuable because these are people that are interested in buying and they're expressing their desire to buy through the, through their, you know, intention through the keyword search, let's say that they're doing, uh, on, um, on Google.

And so you are gonna pay a premium for that kind of targeted, you know, ready to buy, um, prospect compared to, let's say, lower on the awareness pyramid, you know, obviously unaware or a much broader market, right? You're gonna pay less for that because it's up to us to, to sift and sort and qualify and, and extract out of those people, uh, the people that, uh, ultimately are going to buy. And so, uh, I also love what you said earlier when you, you talked a little bit about the idea of playing to your strengths. You know, obviously it's important to recognize that there's different types of creative that's used on different platforms, obviously on, you know, on something like Facebook, we can get away with static image-based ads on YouTube. We need, you know, video on TikTok.

It's much shorter, kind of more, you know, hook based, uh, um, content if you will. Um, and so there, there's not only different creative, but there's obviously different skill sets required to create those different types of creatives. And as I've said before, even as it relates to the type of marketing campaigns and marketing models that you use, you wanna play a game that you can win. You wanna play a game to, um, to leverage your strengths. And so for some people, if they're not, like you said John, comfortable on camera, uh, um, you know, if they're just not good on camera, if they don't enjoy being on camera, you need to be aware of what the different platforms require in terms of creative and therefore in terms of skill sets, and you really want to play to your, um, your advantage.

And so with that, let me, let me ask you this, would you say that there are certain platforms that are easier than others and, you know, easier can mean a number of different things, easier in terms of creative, easier in terms of testing easier, maybe in terms of getting data back or maybe easier in terms of making work in some, and I know that this varies market to market, product to product, but are there any platforms that you would say are easier if you had to rate them on a scale of difficulty? Yeah, I mean, I, there there is, and there's one small caveat to this that I will add to it before I expand on the, the answer. And it's like the, like the first protocol in terms of making a platform easier is in terms of what assets have you got already? So in terms of like, let's say for example that, um, someone has a YouTube channel with a substantial amount of subscribers and they like, so they have a YouTube channel and they're, they're comfortable doing video, let's just assume that for a second. So then in terms of making YouTube work initially is gonna be easier because you have an asset that you can work with.

You can obviously run ads to your YouTube subscribers, you can run ads to people who are watching your videos, and that's a, a little bit of a warmer audience than say, just going completely cold. Likewise, if you have a Facebook community, whether that's a page or a group or whatever the case is, you have some assets there that you can leverage as well. So that's like assets, current assets are definitely a factor in terms of what platform you could start with. But then let's, assuming someone doesn't have any of that, they don't have a YouTube channel, they don't have a Facebook page or a group, whether a significant audience and everything else in terms of ease of getting a campaign going, probably the easiest one is running static image ads on Facebook. Um, and typically that's where we start in terms of testing.

So to map out like a, let's say kind of a game plan for people in terms of they wanna set up a new campaign, they've, they don't have much assets and they, they wanna get going, they haven't really tested platforms before. I would be getting started to with meta ads and testing on meta testing, messaging, testing static image on static images on meta. So that's basically Facebook and Instagram. My phase two, let's say we're getting that going and we're starting to scale that, uh, as much as we can and, and everything else we can get into that and maybe in another video. Um, but basically let's say they're, there's, they, they've got meta going and everything else.

Phase two of that then will be some branded search around what I'm promoting because as you're showing people, um, ads on Facebook, there's gonna be a certain percentage of people that will see the, the name of the, the thing that you're promoting. They'll see your name, they'll see things related to you, and a certain percentage of those folks are gonna start Googling. They're gonna start going into search mode. They're gonna go start going into research or intent mode. So the second phase will be to have some branded searches around what it is you're promoting.

The third phase, then after that will be, and I can get into what branded searches if you want some clarification on it. But then the, the, the third step after that will be some c keyword campaigns around the thing that it is you're promoting to build upon your meta ads to build upon your branded search ads. And then, so we have a a a, like a second layer of Google search, which is a seed keyword campaign. So basically what a seed keyword campaign is, let's say, um, perfect example for the omics book. And this is something that we're currently building out right now, so it's very topical.

So perfect example is see keywords for the omics book will be, well, first branded search will be the name of the book, my name, the E five agency, that's all branded searches around the thing that we're promoting, see keywords for the book then will be, um, new advertising books released this year. That's a seed keyword around or offer. Um, another one might be, you know, books on paid advertising. So that's another different seed keyword, but it's related to our offer and it is high intent around it. If someone searches books on paid advertising and we show them an ad for omics and they're brought to the, the, the book sales page, there's a good match there in terms of message to market match.

So that's why we build in that. And then then once we have those three, um, pillars in place, then we would look at a second kind of like stronger pillar in terms of something like a YouTube ads or maybe even TikTok or something like that, if, if your, if your market or your product was a fit for that. Does that make sense? So is it Yeah, totally, absolutely does appreciate the, the explanation. So is it fair or accurate to say that branded search is kind of much higher on awareness?

It's, you know, it's the brand, it's the name of the book, it's you, it's people that are actively searching for, um, the product or the, the, the company and then the seed keyword is more kind of that expanded. It's people that through their search are indicating and interest related to the product brand offer, et cetera. Is that fair to say? So it's a little bit lower on your, That's fair to say. Okay.

Well, like highly related. It wouldn't be like a broad term around the, the offer, like the seed. What makes seed keyword campaigns work really well is when they're highly related, but they're not, they're, they haven't yet got to like the branded search level. Got it. So it's still specific enough to indicate that these people are interested in the product without necessarily naming the product.

So it's exactly, I think that what you said was perfect, right? The omics book is more branded, whereas, you know, new marketing books or new advertising books, right, that is related and you know, directly linked to the offer. Got it. Totally. Makes, totally makes sense.

Let let me ask you this as it relates to that. So you said to start, you would ultimately, in, in many cases, maybe in the majority of cases you would start on meta. Of course there are no hard and fast rules because some products naturally have, uh, uh, a tremendous high intent based audience, and so therefore they may be better off leveraging Google out of the gate. But you said in this instance that you would start on, um, on Facebook or meta, uh, and then you'd ultimately go over to branded. Um, and, um, and seed keyword, how important, you know, how important do you think in an overall media buying ecosystem, to use your phrase, your expression, how important and critical today as we're recording this, do you think it is to have branded search and seed keyword, uh, campaigns, um, as part of that overall ecosystem?

You know, like I'm asking you, 'cause for many people it may feel, you know, very, you know, 2000 ish for those of us that have been around a long time, right? It may feel like old school, like, right, like most people are kind of thinking, you know, Facebook, YouTube, uh, and they're not really thinking about Google. And so how important do you think today it is in the overall media buying ecosystem to have those elements on Google? I think it's really important because like there will be a certain percentage of people that are, that they go into research mode that don't make a decision immediately. There's a reason why conversion rates are sub 10% and not like 90 plus percent because it, the line, the line share people don't make that buying decision straight away.

The line share people either like, don't resonate with your stuff and they'll leave or they go into research mode, they start thinking about, they start like thinking about the process of, of buying a product or service or engaging with someone else. And part of that thinking process and part of that research is Googling is using search engine is finding about like finding, like, except for one of our clients, one of our best performing, uh, branded keywords is the name of the product reviews. And like that, that like, right, the results that we get from that is huge. And what it does overall, when we look at say like a blended CPA is like we can, we can economically make campaigns extremely viable because someone might not buy straight away, but then two weeks later they're searching and we get them with a search keyword that brings them back into the funnel and they're purchased in. So I think like, like it's, for some, for some people it's like, yeah, like branded search is not new.

It's like, it's not something that's new. It's been around for a long, long time, but the line share, people understand it yet they don't actually implement it. And I think that's, they're losing out on sales and conversions and when a like business is about generating sales and generating get, like getting, getting customers and getting clients and when you have a vehicle to help you do that and you don't use it, you're losing out on potential sales and potential customers you might not ordinarily get otherwise. Yeah, well said. I I I think that, you know, the, to really look at the Google elements and recognize that yes, they have, um, benefit in standing on their own as their own acquisition channel, right?

For people that maybe don't see an ad and then go over to Google, but just go right to Google and start doing, you know, some, some searches, but they also have a supportive role in supporting the other ads. And so in supporting the, you know, the meta ads and there are a, a, a, a number of people that will actively research afterwards. They're not gonna merely buy from right an ad to a landing page and by there are a percentage that will do that, but there are also a whole host of other people that are gonna then do a little bit of research and see if they can get more information, especially the higher price the offer is. And so I think that that's really, um, really interesting. At some point, maybe on our next, maybe next week, we can talk a little bit about the tracking that is used to do things like get the blended CPA and really explain what blended CPA is.

'cause I know that one of the big things that people struggle with is kind of making heads or tails of the data when you're, when you have these multiple touch points in a campaign potentially before somebody buys, how do you know whether you know this, it's this, it's this, it's this together. Um, and uh, and you know, how does the CPA and a OV look with these things blended together? And so I think that it's worth, uh, us having a discussion about that. Is there anything that I didn't ask you related to how to choose a platform when starting with an ad campaign that you think is worthy of talking about? Um, I think the, I, I don't think so, but I think I'd bring it back to like the meeting the audience where they're at, but then also like in terms of when it's a new campaign and you have no data, like the goal isn't to scale the campaign, the goal is to get data, so how can you get that data as quickly as possible so you can start to make better decisions so you can start to scale that campaign.

And generally speaking, meta is a great platform for getting data extremely, extremely quickly because you can have static image ads that can be created relatively easy on things like Photoshop or Canva or Keynote or whatever the case is. You can have them created pretty quickly and then you can have data that within a couple of days of your campaign going live, things where, like YouTube, you start to delay things where you, there's, there's video production, there's the, the fact that YouTube is a beast in itself to, to get going and it takes a long time to start to get the results because of how the algorithm on YouTube works versus say, on meta. So in terms of like new campaign, getting data quickly like defaulting to something like meta is really good because you can get the data quick and you can make better decisions. And then once you find what's working, like the, the type of the messaging that's working on, on meta, the type of hooks that is working on meta, the type of messages that people are responding to, then you can take that over time. And then when you do start on YouTube, you're not starting from ground zero, you have an idea of the messages that have worked because you test quickly on meta.

So like, I think that like getting the data and getting to the, the results, like I, I'm a big proponent of like, what can we do to get the data as quickly as possible? And generally speaking, that's like, let's, let's test on meta and then let's use what we've learned on meta to use on other platforms at a later stage. I love it. I think that's a great place for us to wrap. You know, and I just wanna echo what it is that you said.

I mean the, you know, the foundation of direct response and one of the beautiful aspects of direct response compared to brand institutional advertising is the ability to make decisions objectively to make decisions based on numbers and, and data and not me opinion, assumptions, feelings, you know, or, or guesswork. And so we want to make the least, least number of decisions possible subjectively, and we wanna make the most number of decisions or the greatest amount of decisions possible objectively with data. And so what that means is that we wanna go from a state of having no data and making decisions to a point where we have data and then we can let the data drive our decision making. And so a big part of any new campaign, uh, is getting data as quickly as we can. This doesn't mean that we're shortcutting the creation or engineering process of the campaign.

It doesn't mean that we're leaving elements out just so that we can get data quickly, right? We're building out our full, you know, the, the core offer, if you will, of the, of the campaign. We're building it out the right way, and then we're launching it and we're getting data, and then we're gonna use the data to iterate, right? This is a game, like we've talked about this many times before, I've been talking about this for years. Direct response is a game of iteration.

It's not a game of engineering. And what I mean by that is that engineering a campaign and then iterating or enhancing the campaign, optimizing the campaign, as some folks may say, are two different activities done at two different stages. We engineer, right? And then we get data, and then we use the data to enhance and iterate. And the overwhelming majority of your success will come from that enhancing, uh, um, stage, that iterative stage, right?

Using the data. So we engineer, we launch, we get data, we use the data to make objective decisions, and then based on what that data tells us is maybe the constraint or the issue in the campaign, whether it's on the media side, whether it's on the marketing side, or whether it's on the economic side. We then make adjustments accordingly, get more data and continue to allow the data to drive our decisions. And so I love it. Great.

Uh, great, you know, uh, video today, man, I think that this is really important for people to understand kind of the nuances of different platforms have different levels of intent-based, um, audiences, some significantly more than others, like Google compared to Facebook. There are different skill sets required to create the creative needed for the different platforms. I think that that is, um, is critical to understand. It's critical to understand the need for data and, you know, rapid accurate data as quick as we can. You talked about the value and the necessity of Google, not only as its own standing platform, but in, uh, over the long haul to support your other advertising for people that go and do, uh, research.

And we will end with the, the kinda the most important point that you shared twice, which is really looking at these platforms, not as merely what are the most popular platforms out there in the wild or what are the coolest platforms out there, but where is my audience? Where do I have the best opportunity to target that audience to get out in front of my target audience and then ultimately give them the type of creative and messaging that they need to be interested, engaged, and respond. And so, very cool. So, uh, John, how do people, uh, get in touch with you man, if they wanna learn more about the E five agency and working with you? I know it's somewhere on the, on the video, but where do they go?

So they can simply go to e five agency.com. So that's the letter e, the number five agency.com. And there they'll be able to find out exactly how we'd be able to help them, and then they'll be able to book a call directly with me if they see so fit. So, um, yeah, so EE five agency.com. Love it man.

Awesome. Call as usual, brother. I will see you next week. Cheers, doc.
