---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-01-13 19:02:53"
date: 2023-01-13
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3198
vimeo_id: 789122952
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-01-13 19:02:53

**Date:** 2023-01-13 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey Rob, how are you, buddy? There time hi. Hey Kiera. So good to see you guys. It's good to see you.

Have a good holiday. I did add a great holiday. We took our right after Christmas. We took our little annual Family Getaway to to the Georgia Mountains, which is always great because some snow some deer came up to the cabin and just a lot of quiet a lot of peace and quiet for a few days. How about you guys?

That sounds nice. Yeah, we have a lot of snow a lot. We have had someone we're like 200% of our snowfall this winter and it's been crazy. So I'm just tired definitely it just keeps shoveling the driveway. That's right.

That's my life. I don't miss those days. I I saw it. You know, we got in in Georgia. We got maybe you know an inch and we the kids were thrilled.

You know, we were we were in all like I hadn't seen snow and and years and so I certainly don't miss those days. But besides the snow all else was good. It's think well for us things are good. Yeah, a little travel went down to the Rose Bowl, you know, so went to a wedding and Arizona, but yeah things have been things have been fast moving fun. Good here.

Awesome. I just want I just reading books and training for my new Trail on your challenge. Wow, super cool. And so Well, I mean reading um envious obviously but so tell me a little bit about the triathlon. So when is I am signing up?

It's gonna be in November and Arizona. It's gonna be an Iron Man and so I'm just gonna like go all in and just figure it out. I've never done a triathlon. So I've done a marathon. So why not start with an Iron Man, so why not start with and I mean, at least I'm not starting with an ultra so that would be I don't even know it all sounds horrible things scary and but that's so awesome.

And so you're on a a strict obviously training regimen right now, I went swimming today and running and yeah, I'm making I'm kind of making my own but I'm following a rough training plan. Wow, very cool. Well, I ironically so it's funny. Nobody else. Nobody else knows this.

I haven't shared anybody this with anybody outside of my family and and Damian knows this and so Obviously, I used to be many many moons ago. I used to be a competitive body builder and after my presentation at the last top one I was so motivated and excited and inspired by all the questions and whatnot afterwards that I decided to give it another shot in the Masters Division and so on May 20th, I'll be doing my thing. And so no needless to say. So I'm working with a coach. Are you like are you eating cold chicken and rice every three hours like cold chicken and rice in the nice in the mix.

And so at top one I'll be watching you guys. Enjoy Damian's cooking and and all that stuff while I'm sadly eating rice and chicken and but it's an interesting thing and I don't want to take up too much time with it, but it's an interesting thing because I think some of it, you know, I really just wanted to see if I still have that animal in me like or if at right like I still want to see you know, my whole mentality you really was a I'm just willing to suffer more than the next guy to get in shape. Like I'm willing to some I'm willing to eat the cold chicken and rice by the clock. I'm willing to just I'm willing to do what's necessary. Right?

And and so I'm I just want to see I want to see if I've still got it in me. I don't know. It's been a long time. Does the bikini still fit? Oh listen right now.

That's a that's a hard show. And so right now the right now if I were to put the you know, the the bikini on the posing trunks on I think you would probably only see very little bit of promise and so not a good not a good site right now, but we shall see we'll see it's not too far away. Yeah. I mean typically it's eight. It's actually 18 weeks away from Saturday and so, um so in the past, I've already been I already started I started a 20 weeks and so, you know, we'll we'll see if this old body how it responds and and my gosh and so I I share that with you because Kira I but I feel a sense of camaraderie that we're both.

I like that I want to struggle. I want pain like that. I'm signing up for pain lots of pain and yeah and I was inspired by your lat your presentation too. So that was definitely part of it. I think, you know, I'll share this and then we'll get into kind of the State of the Union and update from you guys.

You know, it's I I truly believe from past experience. It's all mental right? It's you know, your body your mind is gonna start to tell you, you know, can I I can't handle this or I'm exhausted or why did I do this or Not equipped or any number of things and it really is. Staying staying the course. It's really is not entertaining those thoughts and I think a lot of that applies to business as well, you know to you know, like to to everything that we do and so but give me a State of Union bring me up to speed tell me what's been going on The Good the Bad the Ugly kind of fill me in.

Okay? Okay. I'll kick it off. Um the good we've focused on restructuring our team. I think a lot of our weaknesses are we identified around?

Team, and even the two of us in the rules we were playing and how we were working together. And so Damien really helped us with that piece of it. And we let go of two team members. We brought on one new team member this month who's just like the rock star that we have wanted for a while and then Rob and I have kind of split our roles and I'm taking on marketing for right now and Rob's kind of taking more of like operations integrator. Yeah, so that's helped too because we realize we were kind of doing everything together.

And so neither of us were fully leading the creative mission on those different projects. Um and what else what else we've been working with Paul on the Underground and creating the funnel and he's been so helpful. So we're almost finished with that process, which I think is kind of the game changer that we've been. Trying to work on since we joined but it just took us a while to get to that point. So we're gonna focus on that in February and getting that funnel up and running.

for the underground membership This month, we are launching. We're live launching and I know we had talked about the downfalls of live launches, but we're doing it this month for our accelerator program and we'll see we'll see how that goes. It's happening next week. Okay, and so look, let me let me just say this, you know, there's nothing wrong with live launches. There's nothing wrong with using live launches.

The thing is right. You just don't want to be reliant on and that that's all it is. And so there's absolutely nothing nothing wrong with that. And so how are you feeling about the the live launch in terms of the campaign the marketing? Um, we're experimenting with we experimented with a challenge to get people in and so it's kind of like well, let's see how this works.

We're warming them up more and then we have in the past. It'll be really interesting to see how this works for us because the challenge is around like planning for your business. And the reason we've leaned into that is because getting leads into the challenge has been really cheap compared to leads into our webinars like a third of the cost. So like let's do that. Let's get more people in there.

The question will be can we take them from The Challenge into the workshop, right? It's supposed to direct to the workshop. And that's a question. We don't have the answer to but the engagement in the challenge has been really good. You know people really like it.

The feedback has been really solid so we'll see and so what is it tell me so give me an idea of the congruence between the content that's presented during the challenge and the workshop. So challenges are yeah, go ahead here. No, I was just gonna say the challenge is about planning your year so that you're focused as a copywriter and you're not overwhelmed and then we're working them into the workshops Tuesday and Wednesday where it's like this is the The Encore where we're actually gonna talk about the five moves. You can make as a copywriter to grow your business. Now that you have a plan.

What do you need to do internally in your business? Yeah, okay. Okay, and so Workshop is growing. I'm just taking some notes over here. It's called flip the switch the five moves.

You need to make to go from struggling copywriter to like CEO something got it. And what's the offer? It's basically to join the the accelerator. I'm sorry the price point so three thousand dollars is the price point and a bunch of and that I should be the other trick like taking people from the free challenge to $3,000 price point. We've had the same challenge with free Workshop to to it.

So I don't see that being hugely different there's payment plans whatever so as low as 420 a month, but it's $3,000. Okay. And the offer went the offer is presented. When is the offer presented? on the workshop Okay.

Yeah and then follow up we'll be pitching. We also have I can't remember like 20 25 Affiliates will be pitching. Yeah for that as well which we haven't done well in the past so that's that's the exciting. Yeah, we're playing around with that hoping we really improve it most. Well, yeah, most of them have been through the program before have you know, they don't have massive list.

It's not like, you know, the Jon Benson's of the world but you know, we're thinking if we can get 10 or 15 sales from them that could be a game changer for us. Okay, and so just so you guys haven't worked with many Affiliates in the past or done or worked with Affiliates during any kind of live launch in the past. We've done it kind of but not well, um, you know, we like we've still tickets for our event in the past using a handful of Affiliates. We've done one other round of the accelerator where we had five or six people that were, you know Affiliates, but we didn't like run it like a full-on affiliate campaign with dashboards and updates and all of that stuff. We're trying we won't be quite you know that impressive this time, but Trying to engage with some templates with some regular updates every two or three days kind of like what Damien did when we were promoting the the swipe files so dialing it up, but it won't be you know, it won't look like an Ask method, you know affiliate campaign that kind of thing.

Yeah, and I and I think that that's that's okay. I think you know what you you what you saw from Damian was really a very much scale down approach, you know, we were very intentional about like I said to Damien, you know, like when we worked with Affiliates in the past or Partners in the past and we don't really like the the decade promotion was I think the first time that we worked with Affiliates in years now at this point, but in the past we were obviously like the the typical launch we were doing daily updates. We had a you know, who's in the lead and who's in second and you're one away and all that kind of jazz. I think the most important part of when you're working with a small number of Affiliates and you're using kind of a scale back. Communication approach is number one what you said which is equipping them with the templates the less work that they have to do the the better the less thinking that they have to do.

So if you can, you know, you provide them with templates and you say this one goes out on this date at you know, at this time the the better and certainly while you're not necessarily gonna send out a leaderboard list or anything like that necessarily unless that's something that you guys planned on doing, but you certainly want to keep Affiliates updated on their performance like and so on a small scale right? Like I just said to Damian just you know message the Affiliates the partners directly and just let them know kind of you know so far man. We've seen X number of visitors from you. You got X number of leads and when you know, you got X number of sales and then of course the folks that Do well with you know, when folks generate a sale like, you know, you want to obviously encourage them. Let them know like great job Kudos.

We love it. We're grateful. You know, it's very exciting to see that it just motivates them to want to do to want to do more and so just you know while in the the full blown affiliate program, we treat it almost like a separate marketing campaign to Affiliates. You want a little bit of that. You just want to scale down with you know with your your you know, your partners just keep them in the loop Partners like to know like, all right.

I sent an email yesterday what happened to that did anything happen? Um, And so yeah, just keep them keep them updated. And what is the what's the what's the plan for the follow-up? So tell me so let's say right you've got, you know, you move people over to the workshop you present the offer and of course, you're gonna get you know, a chunk of people the majority of people that don't buy walk me through kind of the strategy of the follow-up process. Yeah.

We've got a lot of emails. This is one thing that we have pretty dialed the end. But here you can talk here. I mean, this is you. Yeah, I mean we have emails going so the workshops or Tuesday Wednesday.

We have emails going until the following Tuesday. And then we have a couple bonuses mid-cart bonuses that we're dripping throughout cart open. So and intensifying the offer in other words adding a bonus to the okay. Yes, and then we are actually driving people to sales calls because we do really well on our accelerator sales calls in 15 minutes. We usually are like I don't know 70% the two of us are great.

So that's actually Rob that's a good reminder that we really need to. Book as many early on as you can. Yeah. Okay got it. And so when does when are you are you introducing the full pay and the the payment plan all at once?

We do a partial payment plan right four point five payments. I think it's it's actually six pays I think might be five pay and then at the end, we actually also introduce a 12 pay like in actually we offer that as it closes either last day or the day after we were like, hey, yeah, we want to make it really easy for you. And so we have introduced a 12 pay. I honestly I don't like the 12 page just because it's stretches things out but it does bring in two or three people who wouldn't join. Otherwise every single time.

We've done it. So got it got it. So 12 pay last day. So one of the things that I would encourage you guys to do is You know is when you you know with the partial pay whatever the five pay or the six pay as well as the 12th pay is what you should be thinking about right now is going back to those people after a week or two weeks. Um, and then upgrading them to paid in full and so right go to the payment plan people like we you you'll always see a certain percentage of people that'll take advantage of it.

They're going on the payment plan because it's less about price for some percentage of people and more about like, let me just test the waters and see with the least amount of out-of-pocket expense and then when you show them that you guys are delivering the goods and then you go back and you give them a chance to upgrade and usually what we do with the upgrade is Right show them the savings write that you know, when you upgrade from the 12th pay to the pay and full you save x amount of dollars, right like and I would include an additional bonus that everybody else. Would also get right. So in other words like I would include some bonus for them, like when and you when you upgrade right You're Gonna Save x amount and you're gonna get this bonus for for upgrading and then you'll get a percentage of people that'll take advantage of that. And so at least you, you know, you you kind of you skew the average cart value a little bit for you. How about after?

So the the cart closes and then what's the plan? Now we're doing it down cell to our p7 pitching program. Which is done really well. It's a lower. It's 497.

It's lower price point and Had great results with that. So we're gonna actually the first time we're testing that as a down so, okay and when you rolling that out so cart closes. And then you roll today. Yeah, and how long is that offer running for? That's a good question.

I would be great to know how long you think what works well for down cells and in the past when we've down sold to different accommodation and we ran it for either two or three days. Yeah decent take greats. But yeah, I would run it for three days. And what I would do is I would just double up like what I would do is and and this is just something take this and and take this for what it's worth. We've seen what what we've done is we've seen um better results.

I don't have the numbers in front of me when we go a shorter time and we we still mail the same quantity of emails just within that shorter period of time. So in other words, we're mailing twice a day and then on the last so we'll do three days. We're mailing twice a day on the first two and then the third day we're mailing sometimes five times on that third day and I know it sounds crazy, but the whole list or two just does like that. We're in the workshop or like, how do you That so what I would do is I would send it to I would send it to everybody that's on the launch list. Okay, so everybody on the launch list, okay.

Um, and then and what I would do is write I would do it. I would mail twice a day quite morning and evening morning and evening. And then the last day I would do, you know, we do up to five emails and I know it sounds crazy like and I fought it for the longest time, but the more emails we do in a shorter period of time the better performance we say we're probably bought into tons of emails that yeah, we have no hesitations that the only mitigating factors there are like can we get them all written and sent? Yeah. So yeah, we have ideas.

Yeah. Yeah, and then okay, and so you run that for three days and then what? Um, and then we're done. Okay. Well so we could do another article to the underground which is an even lower price thing.

But yeah at this point. Yeah, like look I I really think my my belief just based on experience is like look, you know, you want to give people you want to give yourself the opportunity to monetize out of a variety of price points. So you got to cap the audience, right? You've got people that were engaged in the challenge. You've got some people that went that step further workshop.

And so I would roll out a 97 or a 197. Right? And so and if I were to roll out a 197, let's say 197 because you're going from 497 to 197 which is a significant, you know, it's a significant drop after 197. Then I would go down to a 79 a 69 like don't you've got like look, you know, one of the hardest things to do in marketing and one of the most Able things is attention and engagement. And so when you got it, don't let it go so quickly.

And so that's how you can you know, a lot of people think that the the big money in a launch is made just with the core offer. That's the way it used to be it really that's the way used to be with launches where you didn't need all these other follow-up sequences and kind of you know, this this chain of offers afterwards now it's a little different and now you really want to take advantage drop go, you know, boom 12 pay last day boom next day for three days down sell to 497 right after that go into let's call it a 197 price point as an example. If you have a 197 price point cool after that go to a 69 a 79 and if you don't have a 69 or 79, that's where I would be thinking about what kind of bundle can we put together to make a 69 or 79 dollar? Um offer you got the ATT? Question, you got the engagement.

Don't let it go so easily you do each one of those for three days also or do you like shrink them at all? No, three days three days. Yeah three days. Yep. Okay, we have to get some thought to a 197 offer.

We are the underground is 87 a month. So that sort of fits in at that lowest level on the monthly. I mean look worst case scenario. So it's not a hard and fast rule. You don't necessarily need a 197 you could certainly go from 497 down to down to 87.

But if you happen to have a 197, even if it's a bundle that you put together of some sort. It just gives you another opportunity to have another drop because right at 197 that that's still not considered a low ticket at least to me. It's not considered a low ticket. Um, and so that's where you go with a 69 and look the beauty is that you're also you're not only leveraging the attention and engagement, but you're also leveraging this position of you were talking about a $3, Our product then you were talking about a 497 right and here's an opportunity now for you to get a piece of amazing trainings for 69 or 79 or some somewhere in that price point. And so you're you're taking advantage of that, you know of that of that positioning the higher price positioning right?

It's very it's it's only you know, it's interesting. This is why there's that he did a huge debate of you know, is it better to start high in in your funnel? Let's say on the front end roll out a three thousand dollar offer and then go down A dissension model or is it better to start low and go up there are pros and cons to each but one of the big Pros to starting high is that positioning is that anchor that you said in them? Right? Like is that anchor like then it becomes that's $69 price point is like now it's a bargain to get access to what it is that you guys do compared to if you start the other way, you're you're fighting, you know, you're fighting the absence of that positioning and so I would I would really think Out that that's cool.

Okay. So question for you, when we recorded the podcast a couple months ago. You mentioned possibly doing a live workshop on unique mechanisms for our group. I'm wondering if we can still do that. We use that as the incentive for full pay.

Is that a big enough incentive to say? Hey, we've got this Workshop, you know, or does it need to be bigger than that? No, it certainly it could be smaller than that. But so the answer is yeah. I'm totally down to do that free for you guys.

Um, I'm totally down to do that. I I don't I don't know if Yeah, you you certainly you can use that. However you want and so I'll have Glenda coordinate that with you guys and however, you want to use it. I'm just fine as I'm trying to like think through, you know, getting people to make that jump and our our payment plans. We don't do a huge premium on the payment plans.

We've you know, we've tried to keep them pretty equal. We've got a really good feedback from people who appreciate that, you know that you're not paying that that extra so the money savings and is not huge. It's a it's a, you know, it's 150 bucks or something over that or the course of the planet or whatever. So there's some but so I'm thinking like bonus needs to feel pretty impressively make sense in order to make that leap now. I totally get it and so then yes, so so really then what you guys want to do.

So let's say the you know, the 12th pay equals 3000, right? So there's no there's no savings by upgrading then what you definitely want to do. What? What the way that I would do it is I would really market and sell the unique mechanism workshop and ultimately the power of a unique mechanism on your copywriting business on your ability to create amazing copy to to get results. I would present it as a game changer right?

Like I would make it like this is a game changer and and here and what I want to do for you is I want to give you the opportunity to get access to this and it's very simple right you get access to this at right? This is a 997 offer or whatever. However you whatever you feel the value is for your group all but you're gonna get it at absolutely no charge when you upgrade to the paid in full. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense.

Yeah, and so Yeah, absolutely and and then certainly like look I'm down to you can use that Workshop. However you want. So if you want to use it in another part of the funnel the recording of it, right? So the beauty is right that you get to you can repurpose this bonus. So in other words for the people that upgrade they get live and they get the recording bundle for other people.

You could just say right you get the recording bundle, right? And that's it. And so it's you know what I'm saying? And so yeah. That makes sense.

That's great. Yeah, that looks good. Okay, so let me just make a note. So anything else? Bonus wise that you see working in other spaces right now just as far as bonuses go.

I feel like ours are been running them for a while. They might be stale. Yeah, so it's so there's no particular bonus type that's working better than others. This is where the the right answer the real answer and I know this is not the answer people hate this answer, but this is the right answer is this really goes back to What you know about the marketplace in terms of what the marketplace. Is interested in what the marketplace is hearing what the marketplace is, you know would find new would find different.

This is really this is the most the most important work when it comes to coming up with bonuses. Really when it comes to coming up with new products. New offers is really all right, let's sit back and let's talk about the market. And so what what's hot in the market right now? What's ai ai is like, I mean everything I was hoping you aren't gonna say that but I know that that is yeah, unfortunately it is and we've actually had in a workshop that we've never done before it's probably won't be live.

But just like how to use AI as a copywriter stop being scared of it and start actually like using it in your business and and unfortunately a like I'm tired of hearing of it too, but it is the thing like yeah, you know, I'll tell you it's interesting that you say that and I completely agree with you like I'm just like the love God please stop talking about AI but It is what it is, right? That's what the market is intrigued by right now and you know, and there's a number of people that are now obviously jumping on that bandwagon and talking about um, copy. I'll tell you. My personal um my opinion take it with a grain of salt. Okay, please take it with a grain of salt.

But my personal opinion is that a lot of the people the majority of people that are talking about Ai and copy have almost leapfrogged the beginner stuff of AI and they've leap to like this more, you know, they're there already using language like prompts and you know, and and all these things right that and I know like as in the spirit of transparency as a beginner myself in this realm of AI and copy I said to myself, you know, what somebody needs to come out with a like a marketing AI or copyrighting AI 101 type program, right? Like this is everything you need to know right to get started with AI the best tools. Way AI works the way you extract rate copy from it like all the basics because I know like I I'm already like already. I see some of these guys, you know doing workshops and I'm like, I'm not even ready for that because I don't even understand the language that they're using already with this this thing and I totally agree. I I mean, I haven't seen all of them, you know, Sam Woods because you've worked with them but like you just did his Series this week.

It was really good really in depth. I don't know if you saw any of it, but he was doing the same things like prompt voice like stacking all the stuff and I'm like and Sam's presentation style wasn't it wasn't really dialed in like and this is actually what gave me the idea. I'm like we can take some of what you know, he's talking about what John's talking about and we can make it actually so my focus on this is like, how do you use AI for for research to like cut your research time from a week to a few hours. Like how do you get the machine to do the work for you that kind of stuff and showing how easy it is? I think the other thing with with AI it's big now, but like with Mark Microsoft dropping 10 billion dollars into chat GPT, like they got to get the money out of it.

Oh, it's as soon as they start charging for it like the worries for copyrighters go away. Like, you know only somebody companies that can pay for it. Yeah, like look personally, I think they're I I know that right like the reason why I haven't dove in to AI is because I could put together in a tremendous argument to show the to show the reason why like if you have certain knowledge, um, you need certain knowledge to be able to really get good copy from AI right like, you know, like I you know, like the reality is somebody take anybody Sam Woods any and I love Sam, right? Yes student client I had him do I have them work on a project for you? Right all that, but show me a winning.

Letter show me a winning sales letter that was written by AI you could say right? This might have been we might have used AI as part of the process, but that's totally different because the person using AI had an understanding of copy to be able to take it and then craft it into something that was special. And so the reality is is that yeah. There's I think people are freaking out like it's eliminating copywriters and all that and it's it's absolutely nuts. It's absolutely absurd.

But again, what what I would say is and I know that it sounds strange while everybody is doing this kind of advanced and they're already right there already the trio AI stuff like they're already doing this crazy stuff. What where is the where is the beginner? Where is the the foundation and there is an opportunity right? Because the masses have not adopted AI yet and so that's but they're hearing about it. And so what's gonna happen is somebody's gonna fill in that Gap that could be you guys.

That's a product. That's Yeah, that could be you guys that's that's something that you can certainly do as part of this but if done right like and and I'd be more than happy to help you with that that copy for the done, right? You could bring that to the mat that could become a front end that could that there's no doubt in my mind. We totally should we were talking about possibly doing like a podcast series on or whatever. But even a podcast series could lean into selling, you know, a low cost fear everything you need to know.

It's a beginner ticket. We can make it approachable really easy to get it people into the underground as an upsell to that too. Yeah don't you know, it's funny because you know, um, like one of the one of the most successful books over the last marketing books over the last handful of years. I've totally I'm having a brain fart moment. Um, oh what's his name?

Donald Miller brand hot rights from storybrand. He had the marketing Made Simple. Yeah, right marketing Made Simple, right? Because right we gotta make sure You don't get caught up in when you're thinking about the audience and you're thinking about Ai and copy you have to make sure you're not getting caught up in thinking top one people or The Cutting Edge people in the marketplace because that's a sliver the masses, right? They don't want they don't they don't want to hear like aov and they want marketing Made Simple.

They want more, you know copyrighting an AI Made Simple. That's what they want. And that's why that thing sold thousands and thousands of copies because it appealed to the masses and so there is nobody right now with copy and AI that is appealing to the masses. Everybody has appealing to that Cutting Edge there is now because that's ours we're gonna do we've been talking about doing something with it. And I think that's the exact right approach.

Yeah. Good good. Okay good, that could be that could be a really good entry level product for us. Yeah, yeah, very good. And so what else?

Okay sure unrelated to this so I'm can I share my screen real quick? Yes. We're working through our annual planning. And so this is been a problem. We've talked to you about this before but so we went through our SWAT analysis and the opportunities in the pink.

And so this is the ongoing challenge right and we know we're not gonna do all of them and we know we're gonna narrow it down and that's gonna be our next call with Johnny who's on our team now, but How do you recommend Rob and I? no carefully work through this list of opportunities with this new AI offer and everything else so that we can build a plan for the year and not be all over the place to be focused. I may have some tools that I can use as far as like determining impact, you know High Impact versus easy, but what would how do you approach this with Damian? When you two sit down? Yeah, we use something very similar to impact we use like we do in an ice chart like and look at the impact and the ease, um, you know, and the speed so like I'll look it, you know, you got all these opportunities and all these things that you you could do.

Then what the next step that you want to do is you want to put them in order of let's call it priority and that priority should there there's a level you want to look at these things and you want to say well what can have the the what what can have a big impact a big impact on Revenue a big impact on the growth of business, right? Okay. What is um, What ease right like what can what what's easier for us to to implement? What's much more difficult and what you want to try to do is you want to and you can actually pull up the we might have something that we can send you I mean ice when and let me break in kind of ask when you're talking about impact on Revenue how far out do you take that because you know if we look at it and say okay Revenue last year. You know number one is our Mastermind, but also our Mastermind is easily the biggest time suck in our business, you know it like I'm not opposed to Growing it but you know, we've got to make it easier for us.

So so initially we'd say well we should go all in on that because if we can double or triple that we can you know, double trip almost double or triple the business, whereas when we look at something like well, you know an AI offer or the underground which is maybe number three on our you know on our Revenue List look at it say well, you know if we can you double or triple that Now that becomes really meaningful. So how long of a time frame do you look at and say, you know it this is where the opportunity is or you know or a brand new offer which we have no idea how we'll perform. Yeah, so so it's a great question. So when you are doing your annual planning, we look at the impact like revenue on for the year. Okay.

So I'm looking when we're doing our annual planning and we're looking at right we're and we're using let's say, you know, I scoring you know, we're looking to see what is the revenue impact this year not. You know, I'm not like not this is a five year play. Right? And this could have a great impact on us in in three years. I'm looking at it in terms of right we're talking about annual planning.

We're talking about the projects that we're deciding that we're gonna work on this year. And so I'll look at impact this year this year real Revenue this year. And so that's impact. Right? And there's e And there's um, there is confidence.

Yeah, right. And so that's you know, like there are certain offers that you have where let's say. I have no idea how this is going to work. You might have an idea for a new, you know, maybe your entertaining a new type of campaign that you want to roll out or maybe right and you you don't know so that's a low level of confidence versus maybe something else. You have a lot more confidence of that.

So you're looking at impact you're looking at your confidence level in being able to execute well successfully on the on the project and then you're looking at the ease and what you're doing is you're you're scoring them. You're scoring each one of those columns and then you're putting those things in order of priority based on the ice score the impact confidence and ease then once you have them in the order of priority, you're gonna see all right, you're gonna see what's at the top and what's at the bottom and it's not an exact science and it doesn't have to be an exact. Audience then what you're going to do is you're going to look at. You're gonna look at let's say you're gonna look at the the projects from the top down the highest level the highest I scores down and then you're gonna start to you got to look at those through the lens of bandwidth. And the thing that I would tell you is that you want to be conservative with your bandwidth, meaning that you know, like don't you're better off focusing on less less, but better than trying to do more right like then trying to do more especially at the stage that you guys are in in your business.

You don't need six projects, right? Like you don't need six new projects in a year six new things that like you don't need that right? And so you want to do less but do it better you want to make sure when you're looking at these projects and you're choosing. All right, like all right. We're looking at this order priority.

We see the top ones in terms of impact in terms of our confidence in terms of ease, right? Now let's look at you know is for the right number or well, maybe some of these are really brief really short we could get them done in a month or two months whatever, you know, like some of these are real short. Maybe we could do five but what you don't want to do is you don't want to go you don't want to you don't want six or seven. I like and I don't even care what they look like. You don't want six or seven, you know, like I would say four to five is Max really Bless but better less but better you don't need five different front ends to work.

You need one front end to where you don't need five different back ends. You need one two, you know to work maybe a third to work like you don't need all these and it especially at the stage that you guys are are in. You only need a couple campaigns that like are are optimized our dialed your your you you continue to work on and we continue to improve them to really grow like at this. For you guys last but better does that make sense totally? Yeah.

Yeah, it's I mean it's hard again. I mean one of the challenges that we've had is Kira and I are both Visionaries so ideas are easy and that's why we brought Johnny in and you know, basically Saturday like your job is really to tell us no, yeah and then to make things happen, but I mean it becomes a challenge because there's so many things we could be doing so many. Yeah and they're not bad ideas. They're good ideas. Oh, they could all be great I guess right they could all be great ideas.

And what you could wind up doing is drowning in opportunity, right? Because you're spreading yourselves too thin get tell you that for what it's worth. Damian says no to me much more often than he says, yes. And so right and sometimes I battle with them and I'm like, all right, that's on you buddy, you know like, you know, but I but he sticks to because he knows what happens even to us when you know, if you when you add one more project. It's not one more project.

You've exponentially increase the complexity of the business and complexity truly with our type of business is the enemy of scale because it dilutes our ability to hone in right to hone in on the end and find the gaps in these little things. I I try to tell top one members from from my experience learn from my experience that you're better off identifying gaps. In existing campaigns, then you are creating a whole new campaign because odds are there are gaps you're missing. The upsell isn't optimized the way the way it could be. There's no second chance offer for the for the upsell.

There's no down sell in there. There's no second chance. We didn't roll out a payment plan for it. Right? We didn't build up, you know, the urgency for that like there is is almost always a gap and you're better off addressing those gaps before you you try to create something new dial in what it is that you've you know, you've got or the small number of things that you're focusing on.

Okay, is that is that help? You definitely I mean, I probably think so. I well look. I know look listen. I I could you know, and maybe one day just for the heck of it.

I'll show you my list of things that that I want to do. Like I have a I have a dedicated page Pages actually truthfully for different categories in notion and every now and then I pull up the notion page and I I look at it, you know and I sigh from disappointment that we're not you know, but that's I also know what will happen when we roll out too much it becomes a cluster and that's not you guys have made moves with your team. You're tightening right and you don't need that. I know it sounds good. You don't need that.

You only need a small handful of campaigns that are dialed that are working well, um to to see significant growth with where you guys are at. Yeah, that is helpful. But okay. Okay. And so what else anything else going on?

I mean that's a lot but anything else going on? I mean, I think that really helps with our planning right Rob. What else is there anything else? We wanted to cover? Um, no, I mean the we'll definitely come back, you know, once we finish the the stuff with Paul on the Underground for feedback and just like trying to figure out like this front end how it works, you know, some of my questions around the work with Paul have been it's been harder for me to wrap.

The membership is a really hard thing to find a USP for or an um for right because there's so much stuff and so Paul has helped us really focus in on one part of it and that's been really hard. I think Kira's got faster that I pushed. I've been pushed back because to me, it feels like we're focusing on part of our part of the underground that's also replicated like in the peace in our p7 pitching Workshop that went really well for us like it feels like we're sort of repeating similar themes, but I'd rather like before we have that discussion. I Think we should finish with Paul and and get there because I may just have some things to wrap around like okay. Yes we go.

Needlepoint. But how do we also tell the bigger story? And so but we don't have to cover that kind of stuff today. I think it's a little still a little too nebulous to really get into the details and make it work. So okay.

So when that's done, right you get that over to me and let me look at it review it critique it give feedback edit all that stuff, you know for for what it's worth. It's it's interesting because I had a record a video for a top one member, um yesterday on an offer and well, it's somewhat related. I think to what you're saying and we can hold this. I just want to give you some food for thought. Yeah, we'll hold it for when it's when it when everything is done.

But the part of the advice that I I gave was, you know when you have an when you have an a product. And you have let's let's call it. There are whether it's a membership whether it's a digital product and you've got six deliverables in the in the product that doesn't mean that you have to focus on or even present six deliverables in the offer. And so right just because you have six deliverables right these different deliverables. If there are certain deliverables that are part of the product that if we talked about it in the marketing or the offer it could create fear or it could make the product seem like it's not really done for you.

It's more done with you or whatever like right where we lose the position that we or um, or it doesn't it doesn't further the underlying positioning that we established in the core marketing message then we don't include it. And so right that's the beauty the beauty of marketing and and the presentation of the offer is focusing on the things that are most compelling most unique and deliver the biggest Bang. And so that allows us to weed out the other things that are unnecessary to talk about. There are things that we're gonna do and deliver as part of the product or as part of the membership that we're gonna do but that we don't necessarily need to focus on if it doesn't further the positioning that we're trying to go that we're trying to go with and so sometimes yeah, you know, sometimes you're gonna pick out one kind of position one angle that is that hook that is that unique unique mechanism for lack of a better phrase and we're gonna really drive that home and then the offer we're gonna look for the deliverables that fully support that and become an extension of that and the ones that don't we're gonna leave them out. And so does that make sense?

Yeah, it makes sense. It feels I'm gonna again this is like choosing a niche, right? It feels like there's a lot of opportunity. There were not missing which is why I'm willing to reserve judgment and step back and say, okay. Let's see how this works.

I'm not I'm not I'm not against it. I'm just trying to wrap my head around like being small about something that feels really big to me but I I get let's see let's do this. So when it's done right get it over to me. I would love for you to like share your real raw feedback like your impression. You're feeling good bad ugly whatever of it and then let me look at it.

So before it before anything goes live, let me look at it and and give my friend back and to be clear. I don't think it's bad. Like I don't think the direction is bad or wrong or that like, you know just feels like it's not as it as big as it should be. So I trust in Paul and carry to get it right? Okay.

It's definitely not I'm not saying wow good. Sing up our business. I am not saying that at all I get and listen again for what it's worth. Maybe there there are times when you know, there are some times when if you think that Damian and I always agree and always give thumbs up on campaigns. Oh boy, you would write and so sometimes I want that over the shoulder video.

I want to know you that you don't want to see how the sausage is made because it's not pretty it really is. Not really it would give us hope as we make our sausage. It really would give you hope if you saw the I mean look we're you know, that's the the thing to really understand just just one more minute then I promise I'll let you guys go is that you know, there is an aspect to marketing that is subjective and right and so what here are things is creative and what you think is creative might be two different things. Sometimes Damian comes to me with an idea for an ad and he's like I came up with the winning ad and I'm like, that's terrible. That's absolutely terrible.

Right Lake and but here is the thing that they're in in your relationship now just like in my relationship with Damien. There is somebody who gets the final say and that's Kira. Right and so cute. You can say to Kira like, oh, I'm gonna I'm gonna give you my feedback you you get to do with it what you want just like with Damien. Yes, you know, there are times he get he'll say things and I'm like, I hear you.

I'm gonna go in this direction though, and it's on me, right because it's my responsibility and secure is responsibility. Now, that's the beauty of that separation. Yeah, so you don't have to come to um and agreement because Kira owns it just like I own it. Yeah. Okay.

That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. Okay so good not yeah. Great.

Yeah. It's yeah, I'm gonna have to come up the list of things I own and get the same now on but oh for sure and believe me, like I said, there are you know, you're gonna believe me you're gonna you're gonna get to say no to a lot more things than here is but when it comes to marketing here is the only plenty on our spending usually. Yeah for that yet. You can't pick that. I want to make my mortgage payment before we buy that.

Yeah. I I get it. I totally get it and so All right. So you guys keep me keep me posted as soon as that's done the work that you're doing is done get it over to me. Um, and if there's anything that you guys need during the the launch we're here for you, of course and so you right we're reach out about that Workshop or Blended.

Oh, yeah. I need a note. I'm gonna actually message Glenda now, she'll reach out to you guys. Um, and then yeah, do you have you read David Goggins books to follow David Goggins very I haven't read any of his books. I know he's a beast, you know, like I you know, yeah, it's like your style.

Yeah, I've watched some of the some videos. Yeah, I you know, there's a couple guys like David Goggins that are that. Yeah, you know, yeah, like, you know like that. I saw one video him real quick. I saw one video of him where I think it was where he did he ran his thing and he took off his shoe and his toe was like blue and banged up and he was like, that's what you do and I was like, yes.

Yes here. I know I felt like I was like, he seems like he's yeah in the same mindset of your has the same mindset as you So, alright great great seeing you guys again. We're here, of course, of course. Bye.
