---
title: "Todd Brown's Monthly E5 Alliance Session 2025-09-25 23:01:53"
date: 2025-09-26
duration: 2h 1m
duration_seconds: 7298
vimeo_id: 1122073936
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Monthly E5 Alliance Session 2025-09-25 23:01:53

**Date:** 2025-09-26 | **Duration:** 2h 1m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. All right. What's up gang? Welcome back to another E five Alliance call. Let me see here.

Let me make sure that, uh, everybody can, everyone, there you go. Now you guys can chat. Uh, and so whoever is on live, you guys can go ahead and chat. So, super excited to, uh, be back with you guys for my monthly call with you. Uh, I am great, Khaled.

Good to see you, Zach. Uh, Natalia, happy Thursday. Love it. Awesome. So glad that you guys are here.

So here's what we're gonna do today. So I've got a little lesson for you. Last, last call, we talked about the importance of, um, of understanding really the economics, the mathematics of this business, and, right. We talked about CPA, we talked about A OV, and we talked about how this is really, you know, it's a game of, ultimately when it comes to customer acquisition, buyer acquisition, it's really a game of manipulating CPA and A OV. And that's one of the most valuable lessons that you really can learn, um, in, you know, or for the direct response business.

That was something that I wish that I had learned much earlier on that, right? This is really, it's a game of economic manipulation, if you will, right? Manipulating, you know, cost verse value rather than purely a, a, a marketing game. That's what we talked about last time, right? Meaning that, you know, a lot of, a lot of entrepreneurs, online entrepreneurs especially, that get involved in a direct response driven business, they end up becoming enamored with marketing metrics, marketing performance metrics, things like opt-in rate, sales conversion rate, order form, completion rate, right?

Bump, offer conversion rate, upsell conversion rate, et cetera. And while those things are valuable, when it comes to understanding what's going on in your marketing campaign and what's working well and what's not working well, none of those metrics tell you whether a campaign is viable or whether it is scalable, right? And we, we, we talked about that. What tells you whether a campaign is viable? What tells you whether a campaign is scalable are the financial performance metrics specifically, like, let's say on the, you know, on the front end, ultimately, CPA to a OV, what does it cost you to acquire a buyer, CPA, the cost per acquisition, and what is that buyer worth to you the day that you acquire the buyer?

That's average order value, right? Those are the things that, right, right. If hypothetically, and we talked last call about, um, acquisition aggression. We talked about the three different levels. How at level one there is, right?

Like, you know, the mom and pop that you're trying to generate a profit per transaction. Level two is break even where, you know, you spend a thousand or invest a thousand, uh, uh, on advertising, and you generate a thousand dollars in the form of sales revenue in as you acquire new buyers. And then there is level three, which is going negative, which is when you, right? When you're willing to invest, you know, a hundred dollars to acquire a buyer, even though the buyer on day zero is only worth 80 or 90, right? So the CPA is a hundred.

And, and then in this example, let's say the A OV would be, um, 90, right? Like, you know, we talked about that. Those are the things, those are the numbers. If you are, if you're operating within your KPI, if, in other words, if you're saying, Hey, I'm willing to break even, I'm not willing to go negative. Um, and as long as then your CPA to a OV match, meaning your CPA is a hundred, then your A OV is a hundred, your CPA is 200, then your A OV is 200, your CPA is 30, and then your, your A OV is 30 as long as it's that or better, right?

Um, meaning the a OV is, is at least what the, you know, uh, um, CPA is, right? Then, I don't care what the sales conversion rate is. I don't care what the order form co, you know, completion rate or abandonment rate is. I don't care what the marketing performance metrics, um, are. What I care or, or tell me.

What I care about is those financial metrics, because those financial metrics on the front end with a customer acquisition campaign are the only numbers that tell you whether a campaign is viable, meaning, you know, you can continue to run it. And whether it is scalable, right? Not conversion rate, doesn't, sales, sales conversion rate doesn't tell you whether a campaign is viable or scalable, because I've seen campaigns that have sky high sales conversion rates, and were losing money like crazy when the entrepreneur didn't wanna be losing money on acquisition. And I've seen campaigns that were, um, had a significantly lower sales conversion rate, and were allowing entrepreneurs to break even in some cases, um, profitable on the front end, right? Which means we can get even more aggressive.

And so those numbers, sales, conversion rate, opt-in rate, order form, completion rate, blah, blah, blah, upsell, take, none of those things tell you whether a campaign is viable or scalable, only the marketing performance, um, metrics. And so the point that I'm, I, the reason why I'm just kind of recapping this very quickly for you guys and gals is because, right? I really want you to understand that that is at the foundation of this business, that the healthiest perspective that you can take, which we talked about last month, is that you're an investor and just like a real estate investor, just like an equity investor, except we're investing in the acquisition of assets, and those assets happen to be our customers. And those assets, or buyers or students or subscribers, whatever you refer to them as, excuse me, in your business, and right, those assets have a value the day that you acquire them, they have a, a cost the day that you acquire them, right? And they have a future value.

The beauty of this business, of course, is that the longer you're in business, and the longer that you are properly tracking your metrics, the more, uh, the more predictable your lifetime value becomes. In other words, the more you can know, when I acquire a customer today, right? In 30 days, that customer's gonna be worth, you know, the day that I acquire them, they're worth 130 days from now, they're worth one 10, right? 60 days from now, they're gonna be worth one 30, right? 90 days from now, they're gonna be worth 180, right?

And, and so on, which allows you to make better, more insightful, more scientific, um, investment decisions. In other words, the clearer you are on the future value of an asset, the clearer you can be on what you're willing to invest to acquire that asset. Meaning ultimately, that the more the, the, the better you can, the better you can predict the future value of a, an asset that you acquire, a customer, subscriber, buyer or student, et cetera. The more that you can, the, the, the more that you can, the better you can predict their future value, the more aggressive you can become in what it is that you're willing to invest to acquire them. And the more aggressive that you're willing to go, the easier this game becomes, which is what I shared with you guys and gals last month, right?

That the, the more you are willing to invest to acquire a customer, because the numbers matter, because the numbers show you that you can be more aggressive, right? The more that you can, uh, uh, invest to acquire your customers, the easier this game becomes. That that's why, you know, people talk about, so in the, in the direct response world, the 800 pound gorilla is the Agora companies at one point, right? 1.5 more than $1.5 billion, right? I was, I'm blessed to, I've consulted with multiple divisions within the Agora companies over the last 10, 12, uh, plus years.

Uh, um, and you know, people think, you know, people have all different kinds of reasons for why they think it is extremely tough to compete against Agora. They think about, you know, um, the quality of their financial analyst, right? Agora publishes financial newsletters, mainly financial newsletters, and right? People think it's the quality of their financial analysts. It is, um, you know, it is the current size of their email list.

It is the quality of their copywriters, right? They come up with all different kinds of reasons that they believe are what make Agora so difficult to compete with. But the reality is, is that what makes Agora so difficult to compete with is that they can afford to spend an arm and a leg to acquire a buyer and not get to break even for six months. And so, if you're a new financial publisher, how do you compete with that, right? If they're, they're selling, let's say, excuse me, a 79 or $97 annual newsletter, a subscription to an annual newsletter, right?

Um, as their core product, and right, and, and they're willing to go negative $200, let's just say on that purchase, they're willing to go negative $200, meaning whatever their a OV is, they're willing to have their CPA be $200 more, right? Why? Because they know the future value of a buyer, right? They know that, um, they're, you know, they know when they're gonna be able to recoup that negative, that $200, and then when they're gonna get to profitability. How do you compete with that?

If you are a new publisher or a small publisher, an existing publisher, right? How do you compete with somebody that is able to go negative by $200 to acquire a buyer and they have the cash flow to not even get to break even for six months, whereas, right, you or the, the small financial publisher might only be able to go negative if at all, $10, $15, $20, maybe, right? And you have to at scale break even in 30 days, meaning that, like, right, you can't, you know, at, like, you can't go longer than that, or you'll run out of cash or in some cases, right? The more negative you go, the quicker you have to get to break even. Therefore, right?

You can't afford to acquire that many customers, meaning that, right? The, the reason why Agora is able to just dominate, and they, they just gobble up competitors, is because they can afford to spend much, much more than their competitors. And therefore, the game is easy, easy for them because they can spend on, you know, their cost per click can be substantially higher than their competitors. Their conversion rates can be substantially lower than their competitors. Their a OV, excuse me, um, even could be substantially lower than their, than their competitors.

So again, what I'm showing you is that if you look at that cost per visitor, you know, could be much higher, right? Uh, sales conversion rate could be much lower. A OV could be much lower. What are those things? Those things are marketing performance metrics.

Why can those marketing, why can they do worse marketing, if you will, right? Lower quality marketing, if you will, than their competitors. Why? Because this is an economic game, right? It's not a game of marketing performance, it's a game of economics, right?

And they understand that, right? And they're good at that. And so that's why they're able to dominate. And so that's what we talked about last time, right? Uh, I want to add on one little additional thing, and then I wanna go into today's lesson, which is gonna be a lot lighter for you, um, you guys.

And then what we'll do, and, and I believe that I could probably get through this lesson in 30 minutes, and then we'll have time for your questions. And so I wanna make sure that I give you guys, those of you that are here live, the opportunity to, um, to ask questions. That's the, the value of jumping on here live, excuse me, rather than just watching the recording of, of my sessions. And the thing, the very simple thing that I just want to add on to that discussion, hopefully everybody understands what it is, is that I just recapped, hopefully everybody understands the what it is that I shared on the last E five Alliance call. And you get that, and you get that this is an economics game, and you get the fact that, right?

Ultimately you want the economics to work more than you want the marketing performance, um, to work. Uh, and you understand, right? CPA and a OV, you understand that we wanna bring CPA down and we wanna bring a OV up, like either we bring CPA down, either we bring a OV up, or we do some sort of combination. The only way to bring CPA down who, who knows who, who remembers what are the only, there are only two ways to bring the CPA down the cost per acquisition down the cost to acquire a buyer down. What are the two things that we can manipulate?

Or what are the two things that impact cost per acquisition? Who thinks they know I'm gonna take a drink? And I'll give you guys, uh, a few seconds to just pop your answer into the chat. Don't be shy. Somebody want to take a stab?

Okay? So there are only two ways to impact CPA think about this, right? If you think about it, I, and I bet you that you all know this, you may be just gun shy to pop an answer in, but the, the, the, um, so C and A OV. So, okay, so no, so CAC is customer acquisition cost. So you can look at really, Zach, great.

First of all, Zach, kudos for popping in an answer I salute you for, for, um, for giving an answer. So let's just make sure, right? So CAC is really another way of saying cost per acquisition, or I should really say that cost per acquisition is another way of saying cac. CAC is customer acquisition cost. What does it cost you to acquire a customer, right?

Which is really ultimately the same thing as cost per acquisition. What does it cost you, right? Per acquired buyer. The, the difference is, is that CPA can sometimes be used for a variety of things. Like it could be, you know, people can talk about, in some circles, like e-commerce world, they can talk about CPA as it relates to, um, like cost per action.

What does it cost us to acquire a lead? What does it cost us to get somebody to our webpage? But in the context of direct response and what we do, CPA cost per acquisition is really the same thing as customer acquisition cost. So ultimately, Zach, what, what we are talking about when I say CPA and A OVI, I, you could say I, I mean customer acquisition cost and a OV, same, same thing. What I'm asking, right, is that we know that, right?

Customer acquisition cost is what does it cost us to acquire a buyer? And a OV is the average amount of money that a buyer spends with us the day that they become a buyer. So, in other words, right? We know that hypothetically, if we, if we generated a thousand dollars in here, let me ask you guys this, actually, let me ask Zach this. So if we generated, um, a thousand dollars of revenue, and in the process we generated 10 buyers, what is the A OV correct?

Spot on you got it, right? That means that, right? If we generated 10 buyers and we generated a thousand dollars, that means that the a OV, the average order value is a hundred dollars. Some could have spent 200 and some could have spent 50, obviously, depending on the, the, the, the price point of the, um, of the front end, right? We know that it's an average, and that's part of what it is that we do in direct responses, we use averages.

And so now let's take, okay, so that's a OV, that's how we, we, we look at a OV, and we know that, right? How can we increase a OV if we use the definition of for a OV of the average amount of money that a customer spends the day that they become a customer. So, right, the day that they complete the front end funnel, your, your customer acquisition funnel, the day that they, uh, complete that, right? That, uh, um, that's how we calculate a OV. That's the safest conservative way to calculate a OV, right?

You certain, there are some marketers out there that will use, you know, they'll look at the first week's worth of purchases that somebody makes, and they'll consider that a OV, that's really not a OV, right? That's really, uh, lifetime value. That's, uh, in other words, that's a snippet of lifetime value, because that's bringing into account revenue generated from a backend offer. So for this context, when I say a OV, I mean the average amount of revenue generated, um, on the day that somebody becomes a customer. So we know that the core offer, whatever it is, that they're, the, the core, main product that they're purchasing contributes towards a OV.

What else increases a OV? So I would say, Natalia, the reason why, so you're right, that, that the back backend is what contributes to lifetime value, right? And so backend is how we increase lifetime value. So exactly both Khaled and Zach, spot on, right? So bumps, upsells, down sells, um, all of those things, right?

What I typically refer to as transaction maximization offers, those are offers within a front end funnel that are there to maximize transaction value or to maximize order value, right? Average order value. And so that's how we increase a OV, right? We can manipulate those things, we can add those things in, we can optimize those things, right? And ultimately, just for what it's worth, this is another example.

This is a great little example. And so bear with me, I'm, no, I know I'm going down a crazy path here before we even get into this session's lesson, but this is valuable for you guys that, uh, that, uh, let's say, let, let me ask you this. So let to keep you guys on your seat. So let's say we are testing two different upsells in a, um, in a front end funnel. What is the, the number that we use to determine which one of those upsells is the winner?

Which one in that split test is the winner? So we're running two different upsells in the funnel. We're com, right? We're splitting, we're split testing. So we're running an AB split test, meaning 50% of our buyers go to one 50% of our buyers go to another, uh, go to the other.

What is the number that we are gonna look at to determine which one of those upsells is the winner? A OV from funnel A verse B. It's a great way to look at it, Zach. I, I, it's a, there's a simplified way. You're, you're absolutely right.

You are right the way, what I would say, which is great, I love the fact that you, you said that, Zach, so the, the way that, right, it is what most marketers, most entrepreneurs think is that it is the upsell offer that has the highest conversion rate. So let's compare, right? Upsell one, what's the conversion rate? Let's compare upsell two. What's the conversion rate?

If you look at most, um, most, uh, tracking, uh, or split testing software, like if you look at, um, if you're using ClickFunnels, or if you're using go high level, and you look at which one you run an upsell, and you look at which one they, um, choose as the winner. Internally, it's based on conversion rate. But that's not the right way to do it. Because remember, conversion rate isn't what we're after. We're not all after higher conversion rate, we're after higher a OV contribution.

And so the only thing that I care about is, which upsell is, is increasing a OV more. In other words, if upsell one is, let's say, increasing, you know, a OV by $10, in other words, a o you know, upsell one has a $10 a OV contribution, and upsell two has a $14 a OV contribution. I don't care if upsell two has a lower conversion rate, that's the winner because it is adding $14 to a OV or contributing $14 to A OV. Whereas upsell one in this example is only contributing $10 to a OV. And the whole purpose on a front end campaign of having a bump offer, an upsell, a downsell, et cetera, is, is for a OV contribution, is to maximize transaction value.

And so, really important distinction, I'm not looking for the one with the highest conversion rate. I'm looking for the one that will have the biggest impact on A OV. And this is why sometimes, like, look, I don't, I, I, we'll, we'll test double the price. And even if it comes down, you know, the, the, um, the conversion rate comes down 30%, 40%, you can still wind up with a significantly higher a OV contribution, and that's gonna be the winner. So remember, when it comes to bump upsells, downsells, all of the transaction maximization offers our aim, your aim is maximizing a OV contribution.

So look, if we go back to what Zach said earlier, uh, Zach's answer when he, you know, cac, A OV or what we talked about, what I talked about in the, um, the summary on tonight's call, what we talked about last month, right? CAC to A OV or CPA to a OV we just talked about, and I said to you guys, right, that it's all about manipulating CPA and A OV, right? We're either gonna lower CPA, we're gonna either increase a OV or we're gonna do some combination of both, um, this way, right? We get the numbers where it needs to be. Like if CPA is here and a OV is here, right?

We have one of three choices. We either right? Get CPA down, let's say we wanna operate at break even. So let's say CPA is here and a OV is here, right? And we wanna operate at break even, right?

We have one option. Bring CPA down another option, bring a OV up third option, bring CPA down and a OV up each of those, right? Um, can bring our CPA to a OV ratio to where we need it to be or want it to be, um, if we wanna operate at breakeven. And we just talked about, right? What we can do to increase a OV.

Now, I wanna go back to again, the question, um, that I asked earlier, which is we just talked about how to increase A OV, right? And generally high level how you increase a OV with bumps and optimizing bumps and upsells, et cetera, right? Uh, now what are the only two ways to bring down CPA or cac customer acquisition cost. So what are the, there are only two ways that you can bring down customer acquisition costs. And so I wanna give you guys a few seconds to think about it and see, 'cause I know you know this, you know this, okay?

So you're gonna kick yourself when I tell you the answer that you didn't pop it into the, to the, um, to the chat. Um, so the only way to bring down customer acquisition costs or CPA, there are, there are two things that you can do. One, of course, you can improve the performance of your media, Uh, A better conversion. There you go, Zach. Nailed it.

And so, right, you nailed it well, so you can actually see the recording. We can make sure that, um, I can make sure that Paul gets you the co the, the recording if you want from last month. But, um, so, so you're absolutely right with a little bit of in, in additional detail. So when we say better ads, it's ultimately what we're talking about here, um, is, uh, what we're talking about here is lowering your media costs, right? That might be lowering your CPM, lowering your, um, your cost per visitor, right?

Like if you lower your cost per visitor, which is ultimately the metric that we tend to, um, look at, right? Like, what are you paying per visitor, right? Well, if you are paying $2 for a visitor, just as an example, and you're able to bring that down to $1, whether that be through better creative, I don't even wanna say better targeting anymore, because most, you know, like on Facebook, let's say the algorithm is gonna do the heavy lifting for you, but better creative, right? Better hooks, better angles, better openers, all that, right? And you lower your cost per visitor from $2 to $1, a significant decrease.

But just using that for illustrative purposes, you bring it down from, um, from, uh, from $2 to $1, all else being equal, all else being equal, all else remaining the same. Now you cut your customer acquisition cost in half, in other words, so if your conversion remain, uh, conversion rate remains the same, right? And everything else, if just that, actually, if your conversion rate remains the same and you lowered your cost per visitor from $2 down to $1, you just cut your CPA in half. That's one way to do it. And so for, so Zach said, right, better ads, I would just say decreased, right?

Decreased media cost. And so, right? Whether that be through, again, better creative, um, et cetera. Uh, um, and so if you lower your media costs, you will lower your CPA if all else remains the same. That's the first one.

The second one is exactly what Zach said, which is, so, so in other words, to lower your CPA, you could work on the media side, which is improving the creative, right? Improving the click-through rate, right? So that, right, you're paying less per visitor. And to lower the CPA, you can increase your conversion rate. You can work on increasing the sales conversion rate.

Because if you increase, let's go, let's just, again, another, uh, example for illustrative purposes. If you have a 1% sales conversion rate right now, and you increase that to 2%, you just cut your CPA in half, you just cut your CPA in half, meaning that if it was costing you $50 before to acquire a buyer, now it's costing you $25 to acquire a buyer because you are, you are acquiring double the buyers from the same traffic, the same ad spend, right? This is why, if hypothetically, right, you could, uh, bring your, um, your cost per visitor from $2 to $1, and you could increase your conversion rate from $1 to $2. You slash your customer acquisition cost your, your CPA to a fraction of what it is now. And so the only way to move that side of the equation is through decreased media costs and or increased conversion rate on your campaign.

Now, the thing to understand is that the hardest part, uh, the hardest part, uh, the hardest part is to increase conversion rate. That's the hardest part of when it comes to optimizing a campaign, right? That's the hardest part. Now, I'm not saying that it's, that it's, uh, that you can't do it. Uh, and I'm not saying don't do it or don't work on optimizing that.

I just want you to be aware that that is the, um, the most difficult part, it, right? It's, it's a lot easier to increase a OV than it is to increase CVR conversion rate. And so you, how can we, how can you increase the conversion rate? So I'm gonna give you the high level, the high level answer to that, Khaled, but the, the specifics require, you know, are nuanced require looking at metrics, uh, and understanding what's going on in the campaign. So you, you can increase the conversion rate, right?

By looking at, um, let me try to, let me, let me see if I could, so let's say you, you're, you are using a video sales letter as an example. I'm just gonna use this just for an example. 'cause it's easier to explain, right? Well, I can certainly look at, I can look at a few things. So number one, I can look at what's the play rate on the VSL, meaning, right out of every 100 people that hit that page, how many people actually plus press play versus bounce from the page?

That's gonna gimme a lot of insight. If that number is low, if the play rate is low, let's just say hypothetically, let's give an extreme number and say it's 50%, which means that half the people that hit the page don't even press play on the VSL. Well, then I'm going to work on different iterations and variations of the headline of the page layout of the, maybe the thumbnail on the, um, on the video. Um, I'm going to work on increasing that play rate, because obviously, again, all else being equal, if we could increase the play rate from 50% to call it 75%, right? That's gonna impact conversion rate.

Uh, um, uh, what was I gonna say? Um, now we might see that, right? We've got a, a pretty good, um, play rate. We've got a 75, 80% plus play rate on it, but maybe we see that, um, in the first 60 seconds of the video or in the first 30 seconds. Sometimes you see in the first 15 seconds of the video, you lose 60% of your viewers.

Well, right? Meaning that when we look at the video analytics, we realize, man, 10% of the people that are even, um, playing the video, uh, um, playing the video, are actually getting to, um, the, the offer, right? So in that case, if we saw that 60% of our video viewers were dropping off in the first 60 seconds, well, in order to optimize that and improve the CVR, I'm gonna work on multiple different, um, um, you know, uh, uh, hooks or openers for the campaign. So, you know, like sometime, like very recently, let, lemme see if I could show you this. I'm not sure if I can show you this right now.

Hmm. Uh, so actually I can't right now. Um, but so recently I saw that, uh, for one of our portfolio companies, we just put up a VSL from a live presentation. So it was the, it was a recording of a live presentation for the expert, the guru in the company. And I saw he said something in the, in the, in the first 10, 12 seconds, like, um, well, what I saw on the analytics was a huge drop off in the first, like 18 seconds.

Um, and what I saw was that he said something in the first 18 seconds, like, I'm gonna show you how to create equity out of thin air. And I felt like him saying that, and this was me. I had to test this, this was me taking or making, uh, an educated guess, um, that I felt like that was not what they were looking for. They felt, they heard that equity out of thin air, and they, uh, they disconnected, they bounced. And so I decided to run a test where I just took out that portion where he said, I'm about he.

'cause he said two things. He said, I'm gonna show you how to create equity out of thin air, and I'm gonna, he said, I'm gonna show you a path that I believe, a wealth building path that I believe every one of you can start using as soon as next week. So it was perfectly set up for me to just, I didn't have to add anything in. I just cut out that first part, uh, when he said, I'm gonna show you how to create equity outta thin air. And instead, I just started the presentation with him saying, I'm gonna show you a path that anybody in this room can start using as soon as next week.

So my point is that the data from the VSL performance told me what, uh, what was going on. There was a huge drop off, and that's what I needed to fix. Sometimes what you might see to just kind of wrap up this example, what you might see is you may see that, well, there is no huge drop, the play rate is fine, there is no huge drop off at the beginning, and people are getting to the offer, right? Like, we are seeing 30, 40% of people get to the offer, um, and they're just not responding. That means to me, that tells me that I'm gonna work on the offer.

So I'm gonna go back in and I'm gonna optimize the, um, the offer. And so, right? That's how I look at it. And so, um, so hope that answers that question, Khaled, is it by improving the performance of your media in the funnel. So look, this, so going back to Khaled's question, he said, how can we in, uh, increase the conversion rate?

And then he, he, he followed that up with, um, you know, is it by improving the performance of your media in the funnel. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw out, I'm gonna give you an an i i, I kind of already answered the way that I approach the, um, conversion rate optimization, the sales conversion rate optimization on the, on the core offer. Um, you know, I'm, I'm looking at, excuse me, I'm looking at what, um, you know, when a, with a VSL, I'm looking at the, the VSL analytics, um, with a sales page with a long form sales page. Um, I don't really use heat maps, um, anymore on those. Uh, typically what we will do now is we'll run, uh, variations on the, um, on like the hook on the, on the lead, you know, the, the, the, the, um, the first 300, 400, 500 words of the sales letter, right?

With AI today, you can create multiple leads for a campaign and test so quickly that, that's where we typically go with our, um, long form sales letters. And so I don't really use, um, uh, heatmap tool anymore. Uh, I used to, um, but I didn't really get super valuable insights from it because it was often all over the place. And so, uh, for us doesn't mean that it's not, um, that it would be all over the place for you, but for me, I found it to be kind of all over the place. Um, Natalia said, sorry for messing up your stats, Todd, I watch your VSL several times.

That's all right. Actually, the beauty is, is that in the stats, um, you, um, you can, um, like I can see like we use lytics is the, to me it's the, it's the absolute best hands down bar. None. It's the best video player for marketers like us, Lytics, we use it in, we use it, you know, uh, actually there is no, I don't, I think all of our portfolio companies use lytics today. And so, um, it is, um, it's fantastic.

And lytics, you can separate out, like you can see unique plays, unique visits. And so it's okay, um, Natalia, if you watch, uh, my videos more than, more than once I do that too with some videos as well. And so no sweat. Uh, but, so that is right. So there you go.

That, you know, a recap a little bit longer than I would've liked to go on the kind of the recap, but hopefully that makes sense to you guys, right? This is a game of economic manipulation, right? That's, it really is. You heard me say last month, right? That this is a game of psychology, communication and math.

In this case, math, that is the data. It is the economics, right? You're not in this business to increase opt-in rate, to increase sales conversion rate, right? To increase, increase upsell conversion rate. You're in this business, right?

To acquire assets that are worth more to you than what it costs you to acquire those assets. That's how you win. Right? There, there, it doesn't matter. Nothing else matters.

If you are acquiring customers that are worth less to you, their lifetime value is less to you than your customer acquisition costs, you will eventually go out of business, right? You will burn money and go out of business. 'cause that is the business that, that's what it means really, ultimately to be in business, to acquire assets, customers, buyers, subscribers, students that are worth more to you than what you're paying to acquire them. Which brings me to the final little add-on thing that I was gonna give you to just be aware of, um, that ultimately the first kind of milestone that you should be shooting for, I don't wanna say the first milestone. The the way that I want you to think about it is that most of the, like, it, you can have a wildly successful business.

You can actually, truth be told, it could be less than this. Here, let me, let me throw this out and then give a quick explanation and then go to tonight's lesson. Ultimately, right? Shoot for a three to one LTV to CAC ratio, shoot for a three to one LTV to CAC ratio. That means, right, that if you, if it, if it costs you a hundred bucks to acquire a customer, right?

You ultimately want your average LTV to be 300 or more, right? And so, ideally, does that mean that you can't grow a successful business if it is less than that? No, that's not what it means at all. I've seen businesses that have a much smaller margin, right? When it comes to LTV to CAC ratio, and, but they just make it up in volume, in other words, so, right, they'll acquire a thousand customers a day, right?

If you're acquiring a thousand customers a day and you've got a, you know, a, uh, 1.5 to one ratio, well, you make it up in volume, but the healthiest, um, safest, uh, place to be is a three to one LTV two CAC ratio. And so, right? That is over the lifetime of the customer. And so, ideally, what I would tell you, if you also depending wanna play it, you know, wanna play it safe, right? Like you should look at that within 12 months.

And these are general rules. These are not hard and fast three to one LTV to c**k ratio within 12 months. So if it costs you a hundred bucks, right? Within 12 months, the LTV of the buyer, um, is, um, is 300 or more. And so hope that makes sense with that.

Let's do this and go to a nice, cool, much lighter, um, lesson, um, for you guys and gals tonight. And if you have any questions on this as I'm going through this fire away, and then we'll take, I'll take whatever additional questions that you guys have, uh, and we'll get you outta here in a, a, a reasonable time. So I wanna talk to you guys about the six big needle movers in any marketing campaign. These are, right, these are not the small tactical nuances. These, I'm not talking about button tests or CTA, you know, text tests or anything like that.

I'm talking the big needle movers, the things that can radically change conversion rate, response rate, um, and so on. I said, you know, one of, you know, it was interesting because many years ago, so one of my mentors today, a dear friend, um, Mark Ford, he is the, the gentleman behind, uh, uh, he's the gentleman behind Agora. He's the consultant behind Agora. Um, he, you know, he published many books, some of you might be familiar with under the pen name Michael Masterson. So Ready, fire, aim, very very popular book.

Great, great book. Um, phenomenal book. Um, ready Fire Aimed by Michael Masterson. Um, mark once said to me that the things that he focuses on when it comes to testing, really the, the thing are the things that have the potential to double conversion rate. He said he is not interested, right?

Like, and that, you know, he's not interested in these little incremental improvements. And that's because Mark's not thinking when he thinks about testing, he's not thinking about conversion rate optimization. He's not thinking about dialing, he's thinking about like these bigger perspective, bigger needle movers in a campaign that can change the game, right? That can take something and double conversion rate, right? Which can be a game changer.

You double conversion rate, right? You cut your, um, you cut your, um, again, your customer acquisition costs in half, right? Great leads. And so that is Mark Ford and my other buddy John Ford, no relation to Mark Ford. Um, great book, also great leads.

Tremendous, tremendous book. Um, and so let's go over these, what I believe are the six are six of the big needle movers in any marketing campaign. Now, this is gonna be more helpful for you when a applied to new campaigns that you think about. It's a lot harder to, um, to go back to an existing campaign and weave these in. 'cause these really aren't things that you weave in, okay?

And so this really has more application to future funnels. And so for you, um, and so you will be able to apply some of this to existing funnels, but mainly as a whole, this is for, for new campaigns. And so the first thing is the pain level of the problem that's being targeted in the campaign. So it's, it's important to understand, right? That you know, that look, that the more severe and consequential the problem is, the greater the pain associated with the problem.

The, the greater the pain that the prospect has with the problem, uh, the more valuable the solution becomes. Solutions are only as valuable as the severity of the problem that they solve. And so this is why in marketing, you might often hear the term bleeding neck problem, a bleeding neck problem, versus let's just say a skinned knee problem where you skin your knee, um, you know, on the floor accidentally, right? A bleeding neck problem will warrant like warrants, um, in investing whatever is necessary to solve it, to alleviate that bleeding neck problem. A skinned knee, not so much, nobody would hesitate to pay a thousand dollars for a bandage that would stop a bleeding neck.

But very few people would spend a thousand dollars to stop the blood from a skinned knee. And so the point here is that the severity of the underlying problem in the eyes of the prospect, um, can have a massive impact on conversion and response. The worse the problem is, the more severe the problem is, and the more consequential the problem is, if unsolved and all of those being aware to the prospect, in other words, the prospect is aware of all of those radically increases the, um, the value of the solution and the value of, um, the, and the, and the, and the conversion rate and the response rate. And so, right, this is why you don't wanna be, you don't wanna, in an ideal world, you don't wanna be solving problems or marketing solutions that solve problems that would be nice to solve, meaning you don't wanna be selling solutions, uh, um, to, uh, problems that it would, it would be a luxury if we can solve it. Like it's not the end of the world if, if we don't solve it, it's not right.

It's right. It's, it's, it's, uh, it's inconsequential if we don't solve it like that. You don't wanna be selling solutions to that, right? Like, you, you don't wanna be selling solutions to problems where there's no urgency to solve them, or there's no significant consequence if those go unsolved. And you certainly don't wanna be marketing solutions to problems that your market isn't even aware that they have.

In other words, what you don't wanna do, certainly it goes without saying, is you don't wanna try to convince the prospect that they have a problem and then try to convince them that you've got the perfect solution for the problem, that you now just convince them that they have no, you wanna sell to existing problems, existing pain points. And the more severe those pain that that pain is, the more valuable your solution will become, and the more, um, the more you can actually charge for that, right? And so hopefully that makes, that makes sense. This is why, again, sometimes you gotta ask yourself like, man, the the thing that I'm solving for my marketplace, is it like, would it be nice for them to solve it? Or is it critical that they solve it?

Is it essential for them to solve it? Or is it just like it would be a cool thing for them to solve it? Is there urgency for them to solve it? Or is there no reason that they need to solve it? Now, is there no consequence or little consequence if they don't solve this for another couple of months?

Um, because again, the, the, the pain level of the problem that you are targeting has a drastic impact on conversion rate. Next is the, the, the quality of the marketing idea or hook or angle that you use. I, I really, I, I don't even really wanna say, I wanna be careful in, I should have really taken out the word hook in here because most marketers, most online entrepreneurs, when they hear hook, all they're really thinking about is what they, what they're gonna say in the first 10 seconds or 60 seconds. You know, what they're gonna say in the opening of their sales letter or their VSL or their webinar. That's not what I'm talking about here.

What I'm talking about is what is the idea or theme behind your marketing message, right? Are you bringing something that is interesting, something that is, um, unique, something that is fresh, something that is contrarian, something that is arresting? Or are you bringing more of the same, right? Like how arresting and interesting and compelling and unique, um, you know, is your, is the idea the theme behind your marketing message? Because that is one of, if not the biggest needle movers in the direct response world.

This is what, not to go back to, um, to, uh, um, Agora again, but that even though I was brought in to consult for them in, in, in multiple, um, divisions, this is one of the things that I really learned from Agora and really from Mark Ford. And that is that, you know, uh, that really the what made Agora, what, what allowed Agora to grow. I probably, I've shared this story in multiple other trainings in the E five book, blah, blah, blah, that, right? I had asked Mark one day years ago, I had said to him, what, what's been responsible for Agora's growth? Like, what, what was it?

Right? And I fully expected him to say, you know, the size of the email list, the quality of their editorial content, the quality of their copy, or something like that. And that's not at all what Mark said. What he said to me was, he said, Todd, we realized early on that we're in the idea business. We're in the business of generating and disseminating unique, fresh, contrarian, fringe, interesting ideas, ideas that the marketplace hasn't heard before, right?

Ideas that are, are, are just wildly different from what the marketplace is hearing now and has already, you know, heard. And so, right. They're looking constantly for the different angle, for the new angle, the new story, the new narrative that nobody else is telling about a a given topic. So it's not like they're looking necessarily for a, a different topic to talk about. They're looking for a different way to talk about the topics that are already interesting or that, that the market is already interested in that others are talking about, but they're looking for a different angle, a different narrative, a different story, a different idea, a different way to grab attention because right, the theme, the idea behind your marketing message, the idea or the theme behind your headline, if you will, is ultimately gonna determine whether somebody even pays attention to your message or not, right?

And, and so, right, like people don't pay attention to more of the same people are al always interested in what's new, what's different. These, this is why, right? Like new and different gets attention, right? People pay attention to new and different. And so the quality of the idea behind your marketing message, is this gonna be viewed as new, as different as something almost newsworthy, as unique.

Like I'm always thinking about, right? I'm always thinking about what ideas would be new to the marketplace. What, what could I say to the marketplace that they would see as new and interesting that they would say, wow, I've never heard anybody talk about that. I've never heard anybody discuss that before. Like not that long ago when I did the stage five bootcamp, right?

How to write copy, right? What, what is needed to convert prospects in a stage five marketplace, meaning a marketplace that has gone through, you know, um, all the other stages of marketplace sophistication, um, and now they're in level five. What do you need to do and what do you need to say when they're at level five of marketplace sophistication in order to convert them? And what I learned was that the most effective way, right? Uh, of doing that is different from the way that Eugene Schwartz talks about in breakthrough advertising, or talked about in breakthrough advertising.

And so I decided I was gonna bring that to the marketplace. Why? Largely because number one, it's valuable. A lot of markets are now in stage five, but also because nobody else was talking about that, nobody else out there, right? Was talking about the reason why so many online entrepreneurs and marketers are struggling is not because they're not getting enough traffic or not because they don't have access to, uh, the right volume of traffic, or right?

It's because their marketplace is in a, is in stage five, and they're using stage 4, 3, 2, 1, copy and messaging. And that's why, and only when they have stage five copy, will they be able to convert stage five prospects. Again, nobody was talking different angle, different perspective, different narrative, right? Different idea than what other everybody else was talking about in the marketplace. That is a simple example of, of, uh, the quality of the idea.

Next is the uniqueness of the mechanism. And I also think like this is also, you know, to me this is probably the, you know, this is probably the second most valuable thing that I've learned, uh, you know, over the last two decades plus in the world of direct response marketing, I would almost go as far as to say that this could be tied, you know, um, with the, the mar the idea. Um, but the, the reality is, is that if you, if your idea is ordinary and plain, people are never gonna even learn about your unique mechanism because they're not gonna engage with your marketing message, but the uniqueness of the mechanism. And so the mechanism, the unique mechanism in the marketing campaign, to me, is the single most powerful tool in all of marketing today. It's something that I introduced the market, it would, the idea of a mechanism was first, uh, I, I first came across it many, many moons ago going through Eugene Schwartz, his work.

Um, and then I developed this idea of the unique mechanism, which I'm sure every one of you are, are familiar with, uh, um, the makings of the unique mechanism. But the, the unique mechanism is the way that your product or service works to produce the result, right? It's the, it's the unique way that your product or service is able to fulfill on the promise that you are making to the, um, to the prospect. And the when, like, the more unique, the more different your mechanism is compared to the other mechanisms that your competitors are offering to the marketplace. The more powerful the campaign is, the more of a needle mover it is, the more similar your unique mechanism is.

In other words, if it's only one degree different, like it's slightly different than what your competitors are offering, it's not as powerful as if your mechanism is wildly different, right? Is is wildly different. Let me give you an example. So let's say we were, we were helping people lose weight and right, we, we like, so there are supplements that you can give people to help speed up their metabolism, right? Some of them work by preventing the absorption of fat in the intestinal tract.

Others stimulate the, you know, the metabolism, uh, you know, increased calorie, caloric expenditure, um, et cetera. Well, right? People can certainly, you could have a, uh, a mechanism that is a little bit of a different formulation. There's a different nutrient or herb or substance that you bring into your fat burning supplement, your, your weight loss supplement, and it makes it, you know, it's different than the other weight loss supplement. Um, and right?

And you could cert that's a unique mechanism. You could, you know, you could explain why yours produces superior results. Uh, but that's like a one degree difference in mechanism. It's still a pill, it's still right. You gotta take it every day.

It still does. You know, it does something X, Y, Z. Now take things like the GLP ones, like the ozempic, right? That's a vastly different unique mechanism, right? It works by a completely different process in the body.

It's not a pill, it's medication, right? And so you saw, you, you should all be aware, right? When they introduced the g glp ones today are huge, right? Like monstrous monster, monster, monster, um, business. There were a whole bunch of businesses that were created and launched, um, off the back of, um, of GLP ones today.

Monster businesses, vastly different mechanism. And so the more unique your mechanism is, the way that your product or service works to produce the promised result, the more effective, the more valuable it is. That is a big needle mover in a campaign. I see it every single day still to this day across multiple markets. The value of the mechanism being more unique next or just more vastly different from the, um, the other mechanisms being offered.

Next is the speed and ease of the solution. Lemme tell you, hang on a second. So the speed and ease is of the solution. So this is right, the speed and ease of the thing that you are, are giving somebody. If, if, let's say we compared, let, let give you an example.

Let's go back to the weight loss thing. Let's say we were comparing, you know, weight loss. Well, um, you could do our, I could, I, you've got, let's say one of two options here, right? You've got, or I'm giving you two options. You've got a, um, a an exercise routine that you can follow.

It's a five day a week exercise routine. It takes an hour a day to do. Um, and you'll drop a ton of weight, uh, you know, um, or you could take one shot, uh, of Ozempic, uh, and it's right, wrong, or indifferent. Just bear with me. This, ill illustrate this point.

Or you could take an a shot of ozempic, um, once a week and so, right, which one is faster and which one is easier? Ozempic, right? And so that one shot, the faster something works, the faster and easier something is a solution is the more people will pay for it, the more compelling it is, right? Um, um, that's it, right? I take one shot.

That's it. It's easy and fast. Boom. That's why, right? If you look at that example, I believe from, I think, um, Alex, um, made the, gave the, uh, Hermo gave the example of like gym versus, um, cosmetic surgery.

Well, right, a gym, right? It's, it's, it's, it's slow. It's tedious, it's a lot of work, right? It, you know, it takes a long time. Uh, a lot of effort, a lot of discipline, right?

Which is why it's 20 bucks a month, or you can go under the knife and in, you know, a week you'll be healed and back and down in weight and it's 15,000, right? And so, always, right, the faster something works, the easier something is, the higher the price point can be, the more compelling, the more valuable in the eyes of most prospects that solution is. And so, right, this is why, right? When you have a solution, whether you're selling it already or creating a, a new solution that you wanna offer to the marketplace, excuse me, I always regularly ask yourself, what can we do to make this easier to use? And what can we do to help this produce faster results for people, right?

Those two things, because the faster the results and the easier something is, the more compelling, the more valuable and the higher the price point can be. And so, right? So the speed and ease of the solution is a huge needle mover in a campaign. Next is the believability of the claims. And so this should be somewhat common sense, um, but you'd be shocked at how many, um, online entrepreneurs and marketers don't understand this, like, don't, don't really quite grasp the fact that, you know, your, your marketing is only as effective as the, the, your claims are believable.

In other words, if people don't believe the claims that you're making, right? About your product, about your service, about your solution, about your mechanism, about what it can do, about the results that it produces, about the benefits that they'll expect to experience, that they can expect to experience, they're not gonna buy, right? The, it's only as powerful as it's their believability period, right? People don't get excited about claims and promises and benefits that they don't believe. And so, right.

People don't get excited about promises, claims and benefits that they don't believe, right? And so, believability of the claims is essential. This is why I would tell you that in your marketing, you should never make a claim that you can't back up with at least one solid proof point, right? Like, in other words, what a lot of new entrepreneurs and marketers think is that they think when they first come across direct response marketing and, and copy, you know, copywriting, they think that, right? It's all about, let me just make claims about my product, right?

Let me make claims about like the benefits that people can experience. Let me make claims about, you know, what it is that this can do for them. And they don't realize that just because you make claims doesn't mean that somebody's gonna believe them, right? Just 'cause you say something doesn't mean that your prospects are gonna believe you, right? And so, making claims, just making claims is not great marketing.

'cause anybody can get on the internet and put up a page with a bunch of claims. It doesn't mean that people are gonna believe it and certainly doesn't mean that any of it is true. And so you never wanna make a claim that you don't have proof or support or evidence to give, right? For like, in other words, all of your claims should be backed up with some sort of proof point, some sort of evidence or some sort of support. And so don't expect people to believe you just because you say it.

Give them a reason to believe you with proof, support or evidence as well. Your biggest claim shouldn't be any bigger than your biggest proof point, in other words, right? Like, again, it just goes back to you. You can't go wrong by understanding, do not make any claim that in which you do not have at least one proof point, uh, you know, evidence for, uh, or some sort of support for. And the bigger the claim, the more proof, evidence and support you may need, right?

So, sometimes really big claims that like, you know, are hard to believe might require two or even three proof points to, um, to prove, to make believable. You just have to realize, right? That, you know, I would tell you that if you don't have proof or evidence or support, don't make the claim. Even if it is true, if you don't have support, evidence or proof, don't make a claim, right? Even if it's true.

And so, because I don't want you to make a claim that is not believable, the more claims that you make that are not believable, the lower your conversion rate will go. Because every claim that you make that is not believable and is not presented with support or evidence, not only does not build a buying desire, it actually takes away from buying desire because it makes the prospect question the rest of the messaging that, uh, that you put out in front of them. And so the believability of claims. And then finally, the six needle mover is the irresistibility of the offer or the proposition. The proposition in this case.

What I mean by the proposition in this case is what most people think of when they think of the offer, right? So the, you know, there are really three main legs to the offer. One of the legs to the offer is the proposition. This is like price terms, deliverables, benefits, bonuses, um, et cetera. That's the proposition.

And so the more of a no-brainer, the proposition is right? The bigger of a needle mover. And so what I mean by this is that like, you know, there are a lot of ways to improve how irresistible, um, the proposition is, or how much of a no brainer it is. Like, I like to think about offers. And look, I don't, we don't do this all the time by any stretch.

We do this more on the front end than the back end. Um, but I always ask myself, what would make this a no-brainer for the prospect? Like, I want the prospect to ultimately see this offer and then say, why wouldn't I do this? Right? Like, why wouldn't I do this?

What, what, what do I stand to lose by this? Like, right? Like, I wanna make it feel to the prospect or not, not just feel, but I wanna present an offer to the prospect where it's almost all upside for them and no downside for them. Like, I recently put together an offer for one of our portfolio companies, actually the same portfolio company that I mentioned earlier, um, where it was the offer. The offer was, um, so let's see something here, uh, for it helped the product, helped people get started in real estate investing, a certain method of real estate investing.

And the offer was for a six month coaching program that came with software and blah, blah, blah. And the deal was right, that if you go through, go through the, the, the, the entire six months, and you either, um, you either complete at least one deal that recoup 100% of your enrollment in the program, or I'll give you all of your money back plus an extra thousand dollars. So you can't lose either way. You win either way, right? Either you develop a skill, uh, and the ability to, um, to generate, you know, to do real estate deals recouping 100% or more of your tuition, or you're gonna get all your money back and you're gonna walk away with a thousand bucks, you can't lose.

There's, you do not, there's not, there's no way that you can lose your money in this proposition, right? And so, like, that's one example of like getting close to, um, you know, why wouldn't I do this? Now, there are other reasons why somebody might not do that. Like, I don't have six months, or I don't want to go through, you know, coaching or, or blah, blah, blah. My aim, though, when I put together these offers, right?

And what I just shared with you about the, the, um, go through the six months and you either do at least one deal and earn back at least your entire tuition, or you get your money back plus a thousand bucks. That was, that's just the risk reversal offer. That's just the guarantee part of the, um, of the proposition I always think about, right? How can I make an offer that makes the prospect say like, well, why wouldn't I do this? What do I stand to lose?

Right? Like, I'll, I'll never forget. Let me give you one more example, then we'll sum this up very quickly, and then I'll go to whatever questions it is that you guys and gals have that are on here, live with me. Um, so, you know, the most common model marketing, uh, the most common business model when it comes to a media buying agency is the media buying agency gets a percentage of your ad spend. And so, right, they'll, like, in other words, they typically get a retainer, a monthly retainer, and then they get a percentage of your ad spend.

So let's just call, let's keep the numbers real simple and just say they get 10%, which means if you spend, right, let's say they get $5,000 a month as a retainer, and they get 10% of the money that you spend on ads that they manage and control and whatnot. Well, if you, that means that if you spend a hundred thousand dollars on ads every month, that they're getting 10,000 plus the 5,000 retainer, that's 15,000 a month, right? And so, you know, there's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of aspects to that business model that as a consumer, and as somebody that's paid a lot of agencies over the last couple of decades that I don't like, right? In that case, for, in, in as an example, they're incentivized to spend more money, more of my money. 'cause the more of my money they spend, the more money they make.

'cause they get a percentage, excuse me, of the money that I spend because they're getting a percentage because they're managing that money, right? And so the more of the, the more money they're spending, the more that they're managing, right? And so that's, that's how they justify that percentage. But then, um, somebody came along, a really skilled media buyer, and he proposed, um, to me, um, he said, um, I'll pay for the traffic. You know, I'll run the i'll, I'll pay for the traffic.

Um, and, uh, and what did he say to me? He said, whatever your current CPA is, right? I will, um, I'll get it down, right? And, um, and then I just want, I'll get it down by, you know, and I just want a percentage of the decrease. And so I said, well, why wouldn't I do that?

Like, I don't stand, right? So he pays for the traffic and he gets a percentage of the decrease. And I only pay him if on sales that get generated from his thing. And I only pay him if those sales gen are generated at a lower CPA. Well, why wouldn't I do that, right?

Like, I'd have to be an idiot not to do that. And so of course I did. Um, and see how that's, that is the kind of offer that I'm trying to put together. Now, that, that's a bold offer and it takes a bold entrepreneur. But that's, but bold entrepreneurs are the ones that dominate markets, right?

Average, ordinary run of the mill offers don't, right? They just become more noise. They blend in, right? And when done right, you can engineer an, you know, an offer that, uh, is um, is such a no brainer that prospects will say, well, why wouldn't I do this? And now, when you combine these things, like if you look at this, I'm targeting a bleeding neck problem, right?

And I got it. I have an idea that is wildly compelling, wildly unique and different, a completely different angle than what others are doing. And I believe the market is gonna find this wildly arresting. And I've got a vastly different unique mechanism at the source of my message, at the source of why my thing works. I got a vastly different, um, mechanism, and my solution that I'm gonna equip them with works fast.

And it is super easy. And all of the claims that I'm making are backed up with proof, evidence, and support. And I've taken my offer and I've wrapped it into a truly no-brainer, irresistible proposition. That's when huge, huge things happen in your marketing. That's when you can have a, a sky high sales conversion rate, meaning that you are slashing your CPA way down.

You could have just a banger of a campaign as the kids say these days. Um, when you have these, you know, when, when these things are, are nailed, and any one of these things can be quite, um, you know, just increase, you know, move the needle. Any one of these things, more of them move the needle more, but any one of these things can move the, um, the needle. And so there you go. That is all she wrote for the training.

Let's see, who's got some questions for me from tonight? Um, and so, okay, so Andy asks, um, is there a way to determine the pain level of the problem that you're targeting? Are there any signals of a bleeding neck problem? Yeah. So I think that, so some of that's a great question, Andy.

I love the way that you're thinking, and I'm glad that you're asking. I'm glad that you're thinking that way, and I'm glad that you're asking that. The, the question. So I think that, you know, the, the, um, so first, some of this is intuitive, like, right? So, you know, some of this is intuitive, like meaning, you know, some of it is intuitive.

Like you'll be able to see right away that this problem is not, you know, this problem is like, there really is no urgency to like, like you'll be, some of it is, is is super clear. Sometimes you'll really have to do a little bit of research on the problem to understand, um, the consequences, the perceived consequences, um, uh, you know, the, the problems that it's causing right now. And a lot of that will come from when you're doing research on the marketplace and you're doing research on prospects. You'll have to learn to read between the lines with words and phrases and, and that they're using in questions that they're asking. Or, you know, um, you know, sometimes depending on the topic, like if you're going and you're looking at Amazon reviews, right?

The words and phrases that they're using, because you'll be able to see in their questions, in their responses, in their, um, attitude behind what it is that they're saying. You'll be able to see whether there's an urgency in there. You'll also, by looking at competitors and seeing what competitors are doing, and are they like, are they using urgency language in terms of solving the problem? Are they talking about consequences of the problem? How concerning are those consequences to the, to the prospect?

Um, are, are the consequences, you know, um, significant, like impactful? And the prospect knows that it is impactful? You'll, you'll be able to see it through the, um, through the research. A lot of it is intuitive. I know that that's not the best answer, Andy, but like, sometimes you can see, like if you, if you give me a problem, right?

Like I can tell you, like, let me ask you this, Andy, like, how much of a bleeding neck problem, or on a scale of little pain to bleeding neck problem, h how much would you say, um, or where would you say, um, let's say a, uh, a, uh, a tennis player who, um, has a weak, um, forehand volley, is that a bleeding neck problem? Would you say? Maybe like a three to four maybe. And I would say, right, it depends if, are we talking about somebody that wants to be competitive? Are we talking about, you know, let's say a high school tennis player, we're marketing to high school tennis players are trying out for their, their school team, right?

Like, but if you're talking about your typical recreational tennis player, no, that's not a bleeding neck problem. They're likely not lying awake in bed at night wondering what they're gonna do about their, you know, their forehand or whatever it is. Um, you know, that's not a bleeding neck problem. Um, you know, uh, you know, if, if somebody was just diagnosed with diabetes, god forbid, you know, um, and they don't know what to do, right? That is certainly more of a bleeding neck problem than the person who doesn't know who has a poor forehand in tennis, right?

And that's like just intuitive, right? If let's say somebody wants, um, you know, to, um, improve their landscaping on their, on their house, like my wife wants us to redo the landscaping on the front lawn and right, but is that a bleeding neck problem? No, it's not a bleeding neck problem. 'cause the landscaping is pretty nice right now. It's not, you know, it's not like it's an eyesore or anything like that.

And there's no urgency for me to do it, meaning, right, like it is, right? There's no, there's no consequences if I don't do it, there's no right. Like I'm not, it's not like my, the HOA is ready to find me for every day that goes by that I don't have the landscaping done. Um, right? But now let's say there was a roof leak, right?

What has more, what's a more of a bleeding neck problem? Roof leak or landscaping roof leak, right? Why? Because it could do damage that could be costly, it could be unhealthy with mold and water, right? Blah, blah, blah, right?

Like every day that I let it go, right? And don't get, get it fixed. God forbid we had a leak, um, and right, it could do damage that could cost me more and more money. And so, right. Could put your family in danger, could unhealthy, costly, uh, you know, could lower the value of your home.

Who knows, right? Like vastly different from landscaping. And so hopefully that makes sense. And right? And I wouldn't, the last thing that I would say about that, Andy, is don't get so caught up in, don't worry about, like, I, I love how you said maybe a three or a four, and I get the, the, um, the idea, right?

Like it's lower on the urgency, certainly low on the urgency. Um, but I just like, I wouldn't rate them like, this is a six, this is a seven, this is an eight, right? Because that's all kind of subjective. It's just like, man, there are, right, this is causing the prospect serious pain. This is pain that the prospect wants to eliminate as soon as possible.

This is pain or a problem that comes with consequences. This is right pain. This is a pain or pain point or problem where the longer it, it is allowed to exist, um, the worst the consequences can become. Um, and let's just say it is extremely painful like that. Like, right?

Like, that's, that's the criteria that I would use. And that's, that's more than enough. Like, man, this thing is, is is painful. It's really painful, right? They really want to get rid of this pain asap, right?

Um, they'd love to get rid of this pain tomorrow, and like every day that goes by that they don't deal with the pain or get rid of the pain, the consequences are potentially, you know, just growing. Like the damage that this could be doing is growing. The more debilitating right? That this thing becomes, that right there is when you know, you've just moved closer and closer and closer to a, you know, a bleeding neck problem. And you think about, right, the difference between skinned knee and truly, and bleeding, like a bleeding neck, like a nicked artery, right?

Like time is of the essence, right? Every second counts, right? Like, it is, it's not a, a, a, a luxury to stop the bleeding neck, right? It is life or death. And so it's urgent, it's essential, it's necessary.

It's critical, all of those things. And so hope that, hope that helps. Awesome, Andy. Good. And so, um, Zach said the E five, this E five alliance is such an insane value.

Awesome. Love hearing that, Zach. Thank you so much. Um, we're gonna keep it nice and intimate and small. So I've had, you know, tons of, I've had top one huge, I just, I like, I like this small group.

You know, we're gonna keep it, I think, capped at like 15 or 18, something like that with Paul, just to keep it chilled. Uh, it's not a huge, you know, it's not meant to be like a monster money maker. It's meant to just, um, work with some clients that we can turn into amazing success stories and get to know you guys and gals and, and really drive and push you. And so, cool. So, uh, context.

So Zach said, I'm running a campaign to a low ticket product 97, which helps high ticket online businesses, agencies, and coaches, coaches improve their sales call show rates. And I'm making the case for a few subie in my VSL, such as, it works regardless of niche. It works regardless of whether, uh, whether you book calls from cold traffic or warm traffic, et cetera. Question, should I make the case that the solution is fast and easy inside the subie section of my VSL or let the offer section handle that? So, great question.

So first of all, let me say this, that, um, you're only going to claim or make the case that your solution, this goes for everybody, right? Is fast and easy if it is fast and easy. And so what I what I want you to understand is that when I say right, ideally, right, your solution is fast and easy, that doesn't mean for all of you guys and gals, that you merely say it's fast and easy. That means that you make it fast and easy so you can claim it's fast and easy. In other words, with the E five method, right?

I've never said fast or easy because I don't think that it's either, like, in other words, I don't, I don't think, like, it's not like, it's not like, Hey, buy the E five masterclass today and tomorrow you'll be acquiring, you know, customers out the yin yang, right? Like, I don't say that because that's not true. It takes a little bit of time and then, right? I know that there's, um, some effort involved, and I don't say that it's easy because it's not easy, but I do say that it is the most effective, most consistent way, excuse me, to, um, acquire new buyers, subscribers, customers, et cetera. And so I do not claim what I do not have proof for, right?

What I do not have proof or evidence for. And so I just wanna make sure that that is crystal clear, that, right, that you're only going to claim, you're only gonna make claims about your unique mechanism or about your solution that you can, that's true. And that you could back up with evidence. Now, with that being said, um, so I want to, for one second, I want to differentiate, this is important, so just bear with me. I wanna differentiate for a second between the unique mechanism and the solution.

So let's take for me, um, for a second, let's go back to the E five method. So the E five method is the unique mechanism, right? It, it's a unique and different way to create a marketing message that acquires new customers from paid media. It's a new and different way to craft a message and offer, right? To acquire new customer subscriber students, blah, blah, blah, from paid traffic.

That's the unique mechanism. Now, the solution that I am providing, right? Um, let's say could be the E five masterclass. It could be E five coaching, it could be the, uh, done for you, um, sessions with Paul, where you'll jump on and you do a campaign over the course of, you know, four sessions with Paul from A to Z, and he does it with you, right? All of those, each of those are a solution.

They're three different solutions. So number one, right? I may, I'm gonna show, um, the ease, the effectiveness, the power, the reliability of the mechanism in my argument. And then when it comes time to talk about the solution, which I'm gonna talk about during the offer, that's when I might show speed and ease of the solution. So sometimes I could talk about speed and ease of the mechanism and speed and ease of the solution, right?

Like, in other words, like, because you have to understand that in some, sometimes, and I wanna be careful here just for time purposes, that we don't go down a crazy rabbit hole sometimes, right? The, the, um, the salute, the, the mechanism might be, might go to work very quickly and produce, you know, results easy for you, right? Like, right easy for you. But what the solution, meaning the way that you're going to put the unique mechanism to work for you, might require a little bit more work and effort. See, like, let, let me give you an example.

So let's, let's take this, just take the example that I gave, right? If you look at the unique mechanism, the, in this case, the E five method, right? The, regardless of what the solution is, regardless of whether I offer you the masterclass that you go through on your own, I offer you, um, excuse me, coaching where somebody guides you or the done with you where, right? Like, um, it, you know, like you've got Paul working on copy and working on these assets with you to dial it in, right? All three of those are different solutions to implement the same unique mechanism to get the benefits, to reap the rewards of the same underlying unique mechanism, the E five method.

But in each of those three, um, instances or three solutions, the ease and speed are different. The e right? The, the least, um, the, the slowest and the slowest and the hardest, if you will, um, of those three is the E five masterclass, which is why it's the cheapest of the three. Then, uh, um, a little faster and a little easier. Is E five coaching and then a lot faster and a lot easier is the done with you, right?

Like, where it's done with you, same underlying unique mechanism, right? But different solutions. So during the, um, argument portion, Zach, you really want to talk about the unique mechanism, right? And all the, the, the, the, the kind of the characteristics of the unique mechanism and why it works and how, like, like, right? Like whatever claims you're making about the unique mechanism, and then during the offer portion, you're talking about the solution, which is how you're going to fulfill on the unique mechanism or how they, how they get the unique mechanism.

Because remember, the unique mechanism, sometimes I say the unique mechanism and the product are not the same thing, right? The, the, the unique mechanism is part of the product, right? But the, the, the, it's not the same thing. And so, right, the unique mechanism, the E five method, right, is not the same thing as the E five masterclass. The E five masterclass is how you can learn and master the E five method, right?

But they're not the same thing. The only way that you can get the E five method is through the product, the E five masterclass, or E five coaching or E five done with you. Um, but they're not the same thing. And so, does that make sense, Zach? Like, did that answer the question or did that just confuse you more?

Um, and so let me know. Perfect. Okay. Awesome. Love it.

And so, yeah, the key thing here, the, the easiest way I probably could have said this, and instead of that little, you know, eight minute rant, uh, and it probably would've answered the question even better, um, but is we only talk about the product in the end, right? You've seen me talk about, right, 75% of the campaign is the marketing argument is really getting people sold on the value and superiority of the unique mechanism. It's only after we've got, we've led prospects to buy into man this unique mechanism. I understand what makes it superior to every other option out there. Like this is, this is what I want.

It's only at that point that we segue into the offer, which is really the first time in the campaign that we are now gonna introduce the solution, which is ultimately the product, or really, it, it gets a little confusing because the solution is really the offer, the offer as a whole and part of the solution, the, the, the offer as a whole is the product, but along with the product in the offer as a whole is price, terms, bonuses, risk reversal, et cetera. Those are all, those make up the, um, the offer or the proposition. But, so that's the only time that we talk about the product is in that last chunk of the, um, of the campaign. And so hope that helps. Uh, and so, okay, so thank you.

Okay, cool. Makes total sense. So the subie, we make a case for our solely about the, um, you got it, Zach, spot on. I'm just want, I want them to bo I'm, I'm in, in, in the 75% of the marketing message. I'm just getting buy-in on the unique mechanism.

I'm just selling them on the unique mechanism, right? Because I, it's a beautiful thing because I'm not talking about the product, I'm not talking about my offer, right? So sales reactance is down, right? I'm really educating them. I'm educating them on a new, different and superior way to get the result that they, that they want.

That new unique, you know, and superior way. That new different and superior way is the unique mechanism. And so once I've gotten them to be like, dang, I get it. I see it. That's, that's what I, I I, I want, right?

Like, um, then we segue into, well, you know, that's why I took the last six years of my life to put together x, y, z program to give you this, right? Let me tell you everything that it'll do for you. Lemme tell you what you get today, blah, blah, blah. Like, that's the segue into the offer, and then you introduce it. And so spot on.

And so, uh, Natalia said, I think that's the best explanation I've ever heard from you about the unique mechanism. Todd nailed it. Um, amazing, right? How sometimes, you know, after all these years, sometimes, you know, say it a different way, and sometimes it, it, it, it clicks. Um, and so I appreciate that Natalia.

Uh, so Natalia said, ba So Todd, based on your experience, how fast is it realistically possible to scale a business from 10 million to 50 million in the healing spirituality, life coaching niche? There's already a 4 million, uh, 4 million plus audience across social platforms, and the owner is ready to invest in ads as much as needed. Well, so, you know, so, um, one of my clients, one of my, one of my older clients, um, has arguably the biggest life coaching business in the entire space. And she built the back of that business off of, um, a single E five campaign that we created years ago. Actually.

She got it to, I believe, about 30 million off of the back of that one. Um, that one, um, business, uh, excuse me, that one campaign. Um, it is Brooke, correct? Um, and so, yep. Uh, and so Brooke flew into West Palm twice to work on the, the campaign.

Granted, Brooke is wildly charismatic, you know, phenomenal on camera. Like, so she brings the X factor to the table for sure, kind of like in, in a lot of ways. Uh, and I'm not a huge Gary V fan or anything like that, but Gary v has the X factor. There are some people that just have the X factor where on camera people are just, you know, on camera, in front of live audiences. People are just, you know, captured by them.

Brooke is one of those, right? She's a very, she has a very strong personality. Um, and so I don't wanna say that, you know, everything was the E five campaign, 'cause that just wouldn't be true. Um, but yeah, off of, off of one campaign, the, the speed at which you, how quickly can you scale from 10 to to 50 million? It's such a hard thing for me to answer because there's so many nuances to, um, to that.

I mean, I would, I would say, uh, I would say there's certainly no, there's certainly, I'm gonna be a little conservative here and say that the right aggressive strategy, you certainly can do it in under 36 months. And so go from 10 to 50, you're not gonna do it in 12 months. Um, that's for sure not, unless there was like a heavy investment that somebody made. You certainly can do it in under 36 months. Um, maybe closer to, I would say between 24 and 36 months.

You certainly can do it, but it requires, you know, it requires, there's, there's a lot of a lot to that. And so I don't wanna, like, what, what you, what it, it requires, you know, like, look, let, let me, let me say this, and I don't know if this is gonna be helpful for you, for you guys to hear, because this is a, a different topic for a different day. But there are levels to this game. There truly are levels to this game of direct response. And I think that often what a lot of what the majority of online entrepreneurs see and hear and learn from the majority of the online marketing experts, you know, is not the same level as the operators that have grown, you know, 30, 40, 50 million, um, uh, you know, a hundred million plus companies.

In other words, it is not, you know, the, the companies that like, so I had a client who came to me was doing, um, this is many, many years ago. He was, he came as a private client, then he became a mastermind client, and now he is one of the, one of my exclusive clients. He came to me years ago, um, and they were doing about 40,000 a month. Um, and he couldn't crack the $40,000 a month. This year they'll do 135 million.

Um, by no means is it, is it like, um, solely because of me, right? Like, it's largely not because of me. Granted, the, the first campaign that we worked on took them from that 40,000 to 50 million over the course of, um, of, uh, of two and a half years. And a very big, a very, very, very competitive niche. But the, the, the way that these, the way that brook, the way that this client, the way that those companies operate, it's just not, it's, they think differently.

They, they understand, again, that it's the economic game. They, they understand that they're, they're making investments in customer acquisition. They're mostly all willing to go negative on the, the front. No big company, right? Is, is profitable.

Uh, uh, none, none in my sphere, right? And I've worked with some of the biggest and best none, none of them are profitable on day, on, day zero, none. Um, and, uh, even most of the biggest guys in the online marketing space, right? Which most have come either through one of my trainings or consulting or programs, or most, if not all of the biggest guys in the online marketing space that aren't even really at that level as some of the, the, the, the biggies are also, uh, rarely operating at break, even on day zero. Um, and so when you hear things like, for what it's worth, when you guys hear things like, you know, when somebody says, you know, like, I have a, you know, are ROAS is like three x, you know, for every dollar we invest, right?

We're, we're making back $3, you know, 99.9% of the time, what they're not telling you is that they are using, um, either multiple days or really multiple weeks of offers towards that roas. In other words, sometimes what people will say is, man, we got a, you know, we got a three X roas or a two X roas. And what they're counting is the front end and the back end. And so they're telling you, right? Like, yeah, you know, and, and maybe for them that is over the course of one month or six weeks.

And so a lot of new entrepreneurs, new online marketers, they think that when they hear that like, man, that these people are spending a dollar and on day zero, they're making $3 back, right? Um, and that's not the case, right? On day zero, they might be making 80 cents back, and then a week later, they, they turn those people over to a phone team and then, right? And they bring that from, you know, 80 cents on the dollar to, you know, to $2, right? And then there's another offer that they make two weeks later, and that brings it up to two 50.

And then there's a third offer that they make, you know, two months later, and that brings it up to $3. And that's how they're calculating their, their three X roas. And so the point is that, um, you know, that it, it, today especially, it requires being aggressive on the front end. And that's why it's so essential that you maintain that mindset of you're an investor, right? Because as, as an investor, right?

Very few investors that I know, um, are looking to generate a profit on the day that they make the investment, right? Like nobody, like, right? Like, because who wouldn't do that, right? Like, in other words, like, you know what I mean? Like, who wouldn't do that?

They know that they're, they're investing over the long haul, right? Nobody is, right? Nobody invests in a piece of real estate because they believe that I can invest in this piece of real estate for a million dollars this morning, and then by the evening, I could flip it for 1.5. No, they know that, right? They're, they're making an investment today, right?

That's gonna pay off in the future. That's the same way that, you know, that foundationally, that these operators, these these big players, um, operate at. And I would say that in that space, Natalia that right? A $50 million, you know, healing, you know, spirituality, life coaching business, $50 million a year would put them at the top of the, that marketplace, that niche, especially life coaching, spirituality. It depends on what you mean by spirituality, um, in there.

Um, but that would put them at the top of the niche, and it's gonna require a different mindset than the typical, you know, information marketer, course creator, um, et cetera. And so, hope that helps. Alright, looks like we got one more from Khaled. I'm looking to model my approach on your methodology. My goal is to create an ecosystem of offers targeting a cold audience through ads, while minimizing the number of touchpoints, while minimizing the number of touch points.

Okay? Ideally, I want customers to complete the buying process with almost not including me to sell them on the offers, given that I have a deep, sophisticated understanding of my client persona. And I am redoing my offer ecosystem for 2026. Question, what are the three, what are the first three to five steps you recommend I take to start rebuilding this system of offers? Let me see something here.

I'm looking to model my approach on your methodology. My goal, I'm not sure what you mean by me, my methodology Are you, you just mean the way that we built, um, the, the TB kind of ecosystem, or, right? I I take it. You're, you don't mean the E five method in this, in this con, right? 'cause E five is really a methodology, applied campaign to campaign.

Um, my goal is to create an ecosystem of offers targeting a cold audience through ads while minimizing the number of touch points, ideally. Oh, okay. Touch points, meaning, so you, like, you want to, um, not have to interact with them. I take it, uh, often, if at all, to continue to sell them on offers, given that I have a deep, sophisticated understanding of my client persona and, um, redoing my offer ecosystem for 2026. Okay.

What are the three to five steps that you recommend I take to start real rebuilding this system of offers? I think really like, look, I, I think Khaled, you know, I would say that, um, and you're welcome, Natalia, um, I think I would say, um, Khaled that you really know already the answer that I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you, right? Like, uh, and that is like, look, you know, so really at the end of the day, what it comes down to is it comes down to number one, it's, it almost sounds a little bit like, you know, what are the, what are the three to five steps that I would tell you to do if you were saying this to me and you, you were going into a brand new marketplace, right? Like you're going into a brand new marketplace, or, or meaning, right? It, it, it's a brand new, um, business for you.

And so, uh, so if you had said, right, if you didn't say, I'm redoing my offer ecosystem, I would say, right? And you just said, I'm, I'm, I'm, I wanna create an offer ecosystem, right? I would give you the same answer. Um, yeah. So, um, 'cause I did not see you in the sales process we buy on our own.

Yeah. So, number one, so let me just answer that real quick or address that real quick. So, number one, um, I think that it's valuable to understand, um, uh, that, um, right? Like we each get to choose the business model that we want, right? There are a lot of different business models.

There are, right? There is of course, right, an inside sales team. There's, you know, phone appointments where you can sell people on the phone, you can do it yourself. You can have sales reps. There's business models that involve your, you know, a lot of your personal time, right?

Which I, I did at one point where you're doing, you know, consulting almost, you know, trading time for dollars, so to speak. There are business models based on live events. There are business models based on you having a lot of face time with clients, business models based on you having no face time with clients, right? The beauty is that there are examples of those, or, or there are, there are different models for each of those. And really there is no one right model because you, I can rattle off a dozen to a dozen and a half different business models, um, and give you examples, successful examples of each of those models.

The reality is, is that the thing that I love about being an entrepreneur is you get to design your life the way that you want. And part of that life is ultimately designing the type of business that you want. And so you get to choose what it is that you wanna do. I didn't wanna jump on the phone and sell people 'cause I don't like selling, I don't like sales. Um, and I like marketing.

Um, I also, right? Didn't want, I wanted to create leverage, right? Like, I like the idea of being able to create a marketing and sales asset once and then have it work for me, you know, for months, years into perpetuity. I like that idea. I don't like the idea of right doing things one time for a payoff, even if the payoff for, for doing it is bigger than the payoff that I can get from the leveraged approach, in other words, right?

I would rather have a video that on its own, sells a $300 thing than right? Like, that doesn't need me, um, that just works on its own on autopilot. Then let's say have a sales call where I can sell something for $1,300. I'd rather not, I don't want, I'll, I, I would forego on the 1300 for the 300 if I can collect the 300 in a way that is done with leverage without my time, that was a conscious choice that I made. And so there, there is, uh, you know, I would encourage each of you to not settle for a business model because you've seen somebody else do it, or because you've, you've been told that that's the right way to do it.

I would choose the business model that best suits your lifestyle, your ambitions, and what you're trying to build. Now, it's important for you to realize that, that there are certain pros and cons to different business models. Meaning like, um, and this is kind of interesting, Natalia, this will be interesting to just go back to Brooke for a second. So, so, uh, right, 99.9% of the time, you're not gonna sell a 10,000 or $15,000, um, program, uh, you know, from a VSL or from a long form sales letter, right? Like, I've only seen that done once, and that is from, um, by Brooke.

And so Brooke was the only one, I believe when we first created that E five campaign, it was 8,000, $18,000, excuse me, her program. And there were no salespeople, um, at the time, right? And she wasn't talking to anybody. And I said to her, I've never seen that before in my life, and I've never seen that since in the multiple decades that I've been doing this. I've never seen anybody but Brooke pull that off.

And so what I would say to you is that, right? Like, because I don't, I don't want a sales team because I don't want to have to have somebody, I don't wanna have that. I, I don't want to have to have a sales team manage to not say anything inappropriate to people on the phone to not promise them the moon. Like there's also FTC issues related to, um, to all that. Like, I just do not, I, I had a sales team at one point, and, and we brought in a whole lot of money.

We made an extraordinary amount of money from that, and I decided I just didn't wanna do it. Any, I didn't want it to be part of the company, part of the ecosystem, part of the field, part of my brand anymore. And so, um, I got rid of them. Um, and so what that means is that, right? If you don't have a sales team, or you don't have somebody doing phone, you know, phone sales, whether it's one person doing phone sales, 'cause sometimes you don't need a team, um, that there are certain price point programs and certain niches that you're not gonna be able to sell, that you're not gonna be able to offer.

That's, you have to be aware of that, and you have to make that, um, decision, right? Like I know that I, I, you know, I, I could sell things through VSL up to, you know, $2,000, 2,500, you know, maybe 3000 do, uh, $3,000. Yeah, we've sold, um, we have a few offers that are in our portal that are 3000. Um, and so, um, yeah, but that's the high end, right? We're not gonna sell an $8,000, $10,000, $12,000 thing unless we are willing to make part of our model people, people getting on.

And so, what I would say to you, Khaled, to just that, that's kind of foundational for all, for all of you to really recognize that, that you are in full control of your model, and don't be led to believe that there's only one right model. Like you could, you could, right? Like, you can construct the model that you want. And, and you start with, what do I want? What lifestyle do I want to create?

Because ultimately, you've started a business, right? To feed your lifestyle, not, right? You didn't start a business to take away from your lifestyle, right? You started a business because you ultimately, in the long run wanted to feed your lifestyle. And so make sure that you're not creating something that is, is gonna impede your lifestyle, but is going to actually give you the lifestyle that you, um, that you want.

And I can't tell you what that, um, what that looks like or, or what that should be. But with that being said, the, the steps that I would tell you are you, you know, I would start to, I, the very first step is I would put together a customer acquisition offer. Like step number one is always in a new business, is answering the question, how are we going to acquire customers, right? And do it within KPI, if that, like, at break even, what is that front end product? What is that front end solution?

What's the problem that we're gonna solve? What's the offer that we're gonna create? What's the message? What's the angle? Right?

And that's where you're gonna use the E five methodology to put together that campaign. And then once you're acquiring buyers, right? Um, and you're doing it in mass, like you're doing, you're, you know, you're reaching critical mass, that's when it is. Okay? So what is the backend product that I'm now gonna sell these people?

Like, what's the next thing, right? And this whole business becomes right front end, backend, backend, backend, new front end, backend, backend, backend, new front end, backend, backend, backend. So you've got multiple front ends, bringing in new customers, and you've got a deep backend, right? Where you're selling those customers more and more. That's the whole, the whole business.

Jay Abraham, another early mentor, mine, and, um, and now, you know, I'm blessed to call him a friend, said, right, there are three ways to grow a business. There are only three ways, Jay, Jay, um, says to grow a business. Jay said, right? Um, you can get more customers, you can get customers to spend more money per transaction, and you can get those customers to participate in more transactions. And so, um, right?

You can get more customers, you can get those customers to spend more per transaction, and you can get those customers to spend to participate in more transactions. If you look at that, right? Um, you know, it is, you know, you're, you're talking about like two of those three are really ultimately growing lifetime value, growing the value of a buyer, getting buyers, right? That's the acquisition. Getting those buyers to spend more lifetime value and getting them to spend, uh, to participate in more to transactions, lifetime value, backend.

Backend. And so, hope that answers that. Um, question. Um, Khaled, uh, leverage lower ticket offers, not necessarily. No, I, I, no.

So I mean, there is no one, right? Like, you know, it, it, it, no, not necessarily. Um, I wouldn't say like, look, there, I wouldn't, I wouldn't pigeonhole yourself into, I gotta have a low ticket. I gotta have a high ticket. Like, look, sometimes what I would say is mid ticket, you know, and, and price points, what's considered low ticket, mid ticket, high ticket, um, varies per niche.

Like earlier Zach said, right? I, I think, I believe, uh, if I remember correctly, in his prior question, he said he was charging $97 and he referred to it as low ticket. Well, 97 in some niches would be considered mid-tier. In some niches it could be considered high ticket, right? Like in some markets.

And so it's just it, right? There is no one price point, like that's this in every market. High ticket is, you know, 5,000 or more, 3000 or more. Um, um, what was I gonna say? Don't pigeonhole yourself into thinking I've gotta create high, a high ticket or low ticket, right?

Because in the reality is, is that there's advantages, there's pros and cons to each low ticket allows you to bring in, um, a lot more buyers. Typ typically for the same ad spend, but is a lot harder to make work from an economic perspective. In other words, right? Selling a $9 product or $5 product makes it in, in some markets, markets makes it very difficult for you to break even on the acquisition of buyers. Like in, in some markets, depending on the market, right?

In the cost per visitor, you wouldn't even be able to break even selling a $5 product regardless of what your bump offer is, upsell down, sell, upsell two, et cetera. Like, you, it just, the economics don't work. Um, and so in most markets though, it can work, it's just a lot more difficult to get to break even. Whereas with a higher ticket offer, you know, um, um, like selling a $2,000 product, let's just say on the front end, right? You'll get a vastly smaller amount of new customers, but it's also substantially easier to break even with that campaign, right?

Because think about it, if I'm selling a $2,000 product, let's say I have no bump offer or no upsell, no down downsell, I can afford to spend $2,000 to acquire a single customer, right? So if I'm running, let's say I'm using a, a webinar campaign, or let's say I'm using a two step campaign where I'm driving people to an opt-in page, and then they're watching a VSL, um, or a webinar recording, and I am offering a $2,000 product, right? Well, if I just get, you know, let's hypothetically say that I, I spend, um, you know, I, you know, I could spend 10 bucks. Let's say, you know, I, I could spend 10 bucks per opt-in, and if I just sell one person out of every two, 200 opt-ins, meaning a half a percent sales conversion, I recoup 100% of my ad spend, and I, I generated a new buyer and I got 199 leads for free. You see, right?

Like, you get that, right? If I'm paying $10 a lead, I can get 200 leads. And if I'm selling a $2,000 product, right? I can sell one person outta those 200 leads, which is a half a percent sales conversion rate, and I will break even on the acquisition of that buyer. And now I have 199 leads.

That didn't cost me anything. 'cause I just recouped the money that I spent to acquire those, those 200 people, right? And now I have 199 people that I can sell anything I want to, and right? It's profit because I already paid for the acquisition of those leads. Do you guys see that?

Like, do you get that right? And so that's why, right? That's, that is a, a very powerful thing for you to understand that there are pros and cons to, um, to each that, right? Like low ticket, you, you'll typically have a higher conversion rate, so you can acquire a lot more buyers, but it's a lot more difficult to make the, um, that, to get that campaign to break even. The higher the price point, the lower the conversion rate, so the lower the number of customers that you'll typically get.

But it's much easier to acquire, uh, excuse me to break even. It's why it's, it's extremely like you have to be a pretty terrible marketer. And don't get me wrong, there are a lot of people that are, um, you know, um, if you can't break even, like if you, if if it costs you more than $2,000 to acquire a single buyer, right? Like, uh, you know, like on the, like, you know, within reason, right? And so my point is, is that right?

Don't pigeonhole yourself. Just ask yourself what, uh, like what does my market want? What do they desperately want in terms of a solution? What is the problem that they're trying to solve? And what's the best way for me to solve it for them?

Like in a way that is fast and easy, right? Like, uh, you know, what, what it is that we talked about. Now, if it turns out that that is lower ticket, okay, that's cool. If it turns out that it's higher ticket, that's also cool. Like, we can talk about as you get closer, you know, what, what moves to make, but just don't pigeonhole yourself into like, I have to create a low ticket.

'cause you, um, you don't, um, at all. Um, for the majority of, for the majority, the, the, the, I only introduced low ticket later on when I was willing to go, yeah, when I was willing to go negative on the front because I knew that right? As media costs got more and more expensive, the likelihood of me breaking even on the front, um, decreased. And so I was using mid-tier. Like today, I like $29 offers $39 core offers 49 69, right?

So much easier to like, to get to break even when you're selling like a $49 product. Um, right? Like, and you're, in other words, you're starting with a $49 a OV and then you could add a bump on there and then you could add an upsell, right? Much, much easier than doing that with an $8 product. Very, very hard to uh, to, um, to break even on that today.

And so, alright, well said. Thanks a lot, sir. I love you, Todd, in a good way. I appreciate that. I believe you, uh, Natalia said Khaled, I believe everyone who's here loves Todd.

Ah, you guys are so sweet. Uh, I appreciate it. Um, alright, so it looks like there's one more, um, uh, from Zach, how feasible is it to hit that three to one LTV to CAC ratio without a mid to high ticket backend and only low ticket products? 2 97 and under? Um, how feasible is it to hit that three to one LTV to CAC ratio without a mid to high ticket backend and only low ticket products, 2 97 and under?

Very much so. So I would not say that. So it is not about the price point, um, at all, um, of your products. It like, certainly look, the Zach, the, the lower the, the, the higher the price points on your backend. Um, the, of course, the easier it's gonna be, right to hit that, um, three to one LTV to cac, right?

Of course. Um, but, uh, that doesn't mean that you can't hit that with lower price products, even even much lower. Um, it's funny again, Zach, how Zack says low ticket 2 97 and under like 2 97 to me is, is really what I would call mid-tier, mid ticket. I know, and that's different for everybody. And so, right.

Um, but even with 49 and $69, um, products, um, you can hit that three to one. You just need a deeper product suite, meaning like, right, you'll just need to your, your customers, the average number of transactions that your customers will, um, need to participate in will be greater. The lower the price point on the backend offers, the higher the price point on the backend offers, the, the less, um, transactions on the backend that they'll need to participate in to get to that three to one LTV to cac. But it can certainly be done, and I would say in your space, depending on what you are, if you're front ending, Zach, a $97 product, well, tell me, Zach, what I'm just curious real quick, tell me if you can, what is your average CPA? What's your average customer acquisition, uh, acquisition cost right now?

Pop that number in there and so, right, regardless of what the, the relatively what the number is, right? For, you know, for Zach, you know, for me, right? Um, at, at, you know, if I have products that are 297 bucks, um, you know, in that space, haven't started running into a paid offer yet, was getting $2 cost per joins to a free school. Okay? Yeah.

Like, like look, I I would say that, you know, it's not uncommon and this, this varies a little bit, right? And so like $29, you know, uh, uh, it, it's, so, it, it really depends, right? Because you could be, you could be acquiring customers in your kind of space. It could be anywhere depending on the front end offer from my gosh, $40 to one 20, right? Let's say, um, it's rare that like with reasonably good marketing that you'll pay more than one 20 to acquire a buyer, assuming that you're not selling high ticket on the front, right?

So if you're not, right, so high ticket, depending on, on how high ticket can cost you substantially more than one 20. 'cause oftentimes it could cost people $200 per booked phone call, right? Like to, um, you know, to get somebody on the phone. And then, right? You show rate, close rate, blah, blah, blah.

You can see how it can, it can go up substantially. But in terms of like, if you're acquiring them through information, through a $97 program, a $49 program, a $29 program, something like that, right? You're gonna be, you know, the, the 97 you might be, um, you know, one 20 ish, um, in terms of your, your acquisition rate maybe creep a little bit higher than that one 30. But the thing to understand without, and again, I wanna be sensitive to time here 'cause I'm gonna wrap in two minutes to get you guys outta here in a reasonable time. Like, look, you know, the way to think about it is typically the rule of thumb that I use is right, that 60% of your A OV should come from the transaction maximization offers.

So meaning like that, that means that, right, 40% ish of your A OV right? Is going to be the core product. Now, this, this, it, it breaks down the higher the price point, so the higher the price point, right, of the core offer, the more that this formula breaks down. But when it comes to a $10, a $29, a $49, a $69, um, core offer, right? That's gonna be about 40 or should be about 40% of the A OV, which means that you could do, you could reverse engineer the math to understand what the, what your average, uh, what your A OV will be.

And at $10, $29, $49, $69, your cost per acquisition roughly is gonna be somewhere between 30 and 1 21 20 ish, right? And so if, like, look, um, and so in other words, right, like what the way that you wanna think about it is you need your lifetime value to be three times that, right? Like, in other words, if it costs you 50 bucks to acquire a buyer, right? Then you want your LTV to be at least one 50. If you're selling 2 97 products on the back end, it's not gonna be all that difficult for you to get, uh, up to a lifetime value of one 50.

And so, right? Especially if you have multiple back ends that are in that price point. And so, right? Like, and that's the value of a deep product suite. That's goes back to what Khaled said.

It goes back to in every business that I've had, uh, that has done exceptionally well, there's always been a deep product suite, meaning there are, you know, 12 to 16 different products offers that we could make on the backend, right? And when you've got 12, 15, 13 pen, right? And they're all, you know, 97, 1 49, 1 97, right? Like, you, you won't, you'll, you'll be above that three to one, um, ratio. Like, you'll be above that.

And so you'll, you'll be good to go. And so hope that helps, gang. Um, there you go. Another call for the record books. Two hours, not too bad.

And so I hope that you guys and gals got mad value from, um, today. Like, I, I love, I love what it is that we do. Like I love this game so much and I love seeing you guys, um, shine like and do well. And so I always want to, um, that's our old school top one hat. Uh, and so thank you Andy.

Um, I, you know, I love sharing what it is. I love sharing the deep lessons that have changed the game for me over the years. And, uh, I want it to do the same for you. And so I promise you that, right? Like, if you continue to be a student and you continue to implement and take action on the things that you're learning from me and Paul, um, it's gonna pay you dividends.

Just don't, please don't let these things go in one ear and out the other. The only value in knowledge is when you translate that into action. That's one of the things, right? Like, I was never, you know, when I was in, when I was a young kid, I was diagnosed with a learning disability. I didn't read a full book until I was like 19 or 20 years old, which is crazy to think now with the, the, the library here.

Um, and so I, it's not that I was a smart kid because I wasn't, right? It was that I implemented as much as I could and as often as I could, right? Meaning I tried to go from when I learned something, how quickly can I implement it, right? That's the way that you grow. And so the value of all the things that I'm sharing with you that Paul's sharing with you, right?

I i is extracted when you implement. And so you don't have to implement everything, but when you've got an idea, when you got an aha, when a light bulb went off, implement and implement quickly, right? Please implement and implement quickly. That's where you're gonna reap the, um, the dividends. And so with that, you guys and gals are outta here.

Uh, I, I love it. I love it. Khaled awesome. Thank you guys and gals so much. Those of you that are on here live with me, so appreciate and value.

You guys have an amazing, uh, have an amazing rest of your day for where you guys are. I'm about to go to sleep. Um, God bless you guys, and I'll see you next month. And so keep rocking guys. Bye-bye.
