---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-08-12 17:01:02"
date: 2025-08-12
duration: 27m
duration_seconds: 1670
vimeo_id: 1109424336
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-08-12 17:01:02

**Date:** 2025-08-12 | **Duration:** 27m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so today we're gonna talk about, uh, this could, should be a, a short and efficient call because I'm gonna drive home a lesson that, uh, we talked about a couple times in the past. It is related to a new offer that we released, uh, that Paul Messa and I released just a few, a few weeks ago, I believe it is. Or maybe actually it's a couple months ago. Um, now, and I wanna give a little, just a quick snippet on this, uh, to share why I am talking about this. So, this particular offer had a $309 average cart value, or a A OV.

It brought in, um, $6 and, well, $6 and 46 cents, uh, earnings per click, and had just over an 8% sales conversion rate. So an 8% sales conversion rate with a $300 plus, um, a OV. And the interesting thing about this is that, uh, I, we marketed and sold this with a, an on-camera VSL that was probably 10, maybe 12 minutes, and was completely unscripted from beginning to end. So I'm sharing this again. What I want you to see is, right, is that we had an unscripted 10 12 minute VVSL that I just got on, turned it on record, uh, one take, uh, and it did an eight, had an 8% sales conversion rate at 300 plus dollars of a OV with the majority of that being the main product.

So I believe the main product was 1 99, if I'm not mistaken. Uh, 200 bucks. Um, and so why am I sharing this? I'm sharing this because, uh, and I've chatted with Paul about this. It's evidence of something that I've talked about before, which is that when you nail the right angle, when you have the right angle, when you have the right hook, when you have the right theme, if you will, the product, it does the heavy lifting for you that, that theme, that angle, that hook will do the will do the job.

It's not, you know, it's, it's really interesting because some people will refer to that and say, well, they'll say, well, it must have been a great offer. And the reality was the offer was pretty standard. It was pretty straightforward. It was a multi-week bootcamp, uh, where they got live access, they got the recordings, and they got some custom gpt. I'll tell you in a second, the, the, I'll go into more detail of it because it, there's value in me explaining the detail of it.

But the reality is, is that that's, that's not what I would consider to be the offer. That's not what we like. In other words, that's the offer, the price point, the terms, all that kind of stuff. It was the hook, the angle, the theme. And let me tell you exactly what it was.

So, so, Paul, so I was on Facebook one day. I'm not sure if, if I've shared this with you, John, but I was on Facebook one day and I was scrolling, and I saw somebody that posted something like, um, they showed a screenshot of their stats from two new funnels that they launched. It was 30 days after they launched the funnels, and they did, I don't remember the, the amount, 30 grand, 20 grand. I don't, I don't remember the, the, the, the dollar amount, but it was significant enough where it caught my attention. What, what was, what really caught my attention was they said, first month, 100% AI created campaign from A to Z.

So A to Z used AI to create a campaign, brought in 15, 20 grand, whatever it was, each of these things. 30 days later. Turns out when I looked up to see who it was, it was Paul, it was Paul Mosetta was the one that posted those things. And I was like, what? So I reached out to Paul and he had shared with me, he said, yeah, he said, I took all of our E five training materials and I created like 17 custom GPT based on our, you know, based on the E five method that does everything from beginning to end, from research to, you know, unique mechanism to CPB chunks, to argument to, uh, credibility chunk, lead, headline idea, um, even things like the email sequences, upsells, um, bump offer, naming the unique mechanism, you name it, everything.

And so, I, you know, at that time when I saw that, I said, you know what? And like, I, I really need to learn more about these, you know, about ai, about chat GPT and how folks are really using it. And so, uh, so I, I started to, to chat with Paul originally. My idea was, Hey, Paul, I just want you to train me on ai, right? I just want you to train me on on ai.

That's it. And then we kind of, we, we wrestled with it a bit, and he's like, Todd, I can't really train you on ai. He said, I can train you on these GPTs and how I use these GPTs because that's really what I do. And that's where, you know, my expertise is. He said.

And so I said, okay. And so I said, I want you to apprentice me on this bad boy for the next six weeks, and I want you to just walk me through step by step, of course, just like the original apprenticeship offer. I said, I'm gonna go to the list and let's go go to the list and, and, uh, and promote this thing. And so, uh, of course he agreed. And so the idea was right, that it, the, the video was basically me just saying like, look, I, I've got, I wanna share something with you.

I've got a confession to make. Up until recently, I didn't really use, you know, chat, uh, GPTI didn't really use AI much. I did use it a little bit for like research a little bit on some stuff, but I've never used it to really write copy. And so I told the story of Paul and coming across as the, the numbers, uh, and that he was going to be apprenticing me, and that I was gonna give people the opportunity to just jump on and be apprenticed right along with me, um, with, you know, with these, uh, with these gpt and then get a copy of the GPT to use, you know, get access to the GPTs to use on their own. Um, and that's it.

That was basically the, um, the gist of it, and it sold really, really well. And the thing to really understand is, again, the offer was nothing special. So it was, whatever it was, 199 bucks or something like that, or it 2 49, whatever it was. Um, and they got access live recordings, uh, and um, and then the, the, the GPTs the thing that, right, it, it goes back to, and this is funny because I brought this, I pulled this up and I'm just gonna share this again. Is it, it goes back to that original presentation that I gave at top one, right?

So you could see my screen, John. So it goes back to, you know, that that original presentation that I gave, uh, at top one that I shared once before, um, on here in one of these trainings is in how I think about engineering hot products. And, you know, I told Paul, I said, I guarantee that this does really well, this particular product, because it falls under the heading, it falls under the category of a hot product based on my, my criteria. And so I just wanna go through the criteria real quick, uh, just super fast again, but I wanna highlight a couple of things, right? So let me actually do this.

So, uh, right, I said, it's funny 'cause I didn't change this at all for, you know, to show this was the original presentation from top one from some years ago. Hot products don't require sophisticated marketing messages. There was right unscripted, there was no script, there was no copy written. There was right one, one take for this, um, bad boy and then, you know, super hot products, they'll, they'll generate a buying frenzy with the right audience. I wouldn't say that this created a buying frenzy per se, even though, right?

An 8% sales conversion rate with a 1 99 plus offer is not to, um, to, to shabby. Uh, I don't know if I would say it created marketplace buzz in this instance 'cause we, we only did it, um, internally to our house file, uh, makes the entire conversion game much easier. Like write nothing to it, nothing to this, um, bad boy. And so I have here, uh, hot product examples, the Agora Financial Copy School, masters of Media buying Mastermind, decade plus swipe file, um, copy legends lock-in, and I would add to this, right? The AI apprenticeship, which is what I, I called it.

And the thing to understand right, is, um, is, excuse me, is number one, right? There was a narrative behind it. And I know, like, I'm not big in, I'm not big in using stories in marketing personally, right? I know that they're insanely powerful, uh, but I'm just not big in using stories. I think I feel like you know, it, when done well, it's one of the most powerful things that we can do in direct response, but it's gotta be done well.

And when it's not done well, it can have a drastic, a drastically negative impact on the performance of the campaign. So I tend not to use stories, but I've also found that whenever there is a, uh, a built-in real narrative behind the, the, the, um, the product behind the theme, uh, that it does better, right? Like, like I can only speak from, you know, from internal experience that, right? I see the ones, I see the campaigns, oh, I've seen the campaigns over the years that have had a narrative behind it, whether it be AI apprentice, whether it be even the original apprenticeship, uh, um, offer or the ago financial copy school. The story of me going out there, um, for the day or the decade plus swipe file, me saving this thing, having it right, and being able to show that where there are narratives, right for us, they do, they do better.

The other thing is that what, what you get here is similar to Agora Financial Copy school kind of thing, uh, is you get this, I'm giving them access to something that they, that they likely wouldn't normally get access to, right? Meaning that, you know, um, I'm doing something that is not intended for public consumption. So when I, right, I had Paul apprentice me it, right? Even the fact that like, look, I, you know, me admitting on camera, like, I don't really know much about this, I wanna know, right? And so I'm gonna have this dude apprentice me and I'm gonna pick his brain like crazy to make sure that I walk out the other end a you know, a pro, uh, at, at using these GPTs, right?

So it, that apprentice apprenticing that Paul did, right? Really from the consumer's point of view, it wasn't intended to be presented to the public. It wasn't intended to be public. And so, right, so you've got that, you've got the fact that, right, because it is, again, similar to the original apprenticeship, just like again, the Agora Financial Copy School, right? Like I prospects know that on there, the, the, the goods are gonna be delivered because I would hurt, it would hurt me if I didn't push Paul in this most recent offer to deliver the goods, right?

Like if Agora, if, if the financial copy school, if they didn't deliver the goods and go the distance with the copy training that they were giving, they would be hurt by it because their own internal people wouldn't be as well, um, equipped. Same thing with the original apprenticeship offer, right? That if I didn't, if I didn't deliver the goods with David, we would suffer because David was being put into a position, uh, originally in the agency. And so there's, you know, there is, um, there's that. And so, right?

Like those little elements, you know, uh, alone are extremely powerful from a marketing perspective. And so over here, right? Certainly the AI apprenticeship doesn't meet, um, all of these by any stretch of the imagination. But I just, just as a refresher, right? I just wanted to, to, to cover these again, so my hot product criteria, like what I, I look for, you know, number one, 'cause you've heard me say this from day one, John, right?

That I'm constantly looking at the market and I'm thinking about, okay, what is, what, what is not being offered in the market right now? Where is there a a gap in the market? Where is right? Where is there a need that is not being addressed? Where is there a topic that's not being addressed, right?

Where is there a, uh, an issue that's not being addressed? If you think about right, why I was excited about the stage five bootcamp, right? Because also, right, another a, a, a topic that nobody is really talking about, right? And a different angle, a different way to solve a common problem that people have. And so, right, it's, it's unique, it's different here, right?

I say it's rare. The first of its kind, first time being offered nothing similar is offered anywhere else. Extremely difficult to replicate gi uh, it gives access, uh, that the market normally wouldn't have. And it gives some bragging rights. I'm just sharing this, not that, again, not that the AI apprenticeship meets, you know, lots of these criteria, but I, I want it, it reminded me when I thought about, wow, why, why do I think the AI apprenticeship did well and why did I believe that it was gonna do well upfront, right?

Like, I don't think Paul thought that it was gonna do as well as I said it was gonna do. But the reason why I knew that it was gonna do well was because I knew that the, the audience would respond to this idea of I'm asking him to apprentice me, and I'm gonna give you the opportunity to come along and get the same training that I'm getting, knowing that they would believe that I was gonna push Paul to gimme the absolute best training possible. And then, and they would be part of that rather than merely consuming something that was intended for public consumption. And so that's it. I just wanted to do that little, little reminder.

Anything that you would add to that, John, just in terms of, you know, when you think about creating, you know, hot products, killer products, you know, products that, you know, products, themes for products that are gonna do really well, anything that you think about in addition to what I just shared? Yeah, uh, I think you pretty much covered a, the, the lot of it, the way I'd only probably look at it slightly differently is like the, the, those type of hot products that you're looking at there and the criteria you have for the hot products. Obviously they're all fantastic and they all kind of fall in under the, the voyeuristic style that you're gonna get something that you can't normally get. Yeah. And you, you know, that it's gonna be good because it's, it wasn't, like you said, it wasn't produced for public consumption, it's more, it's me, it's nearly like the, the internal, the internal marketing calls as well when, when that was promoted a number of times, that always seems to do quite well because it's not meant for public consumption.

So the way I would think about it slightly differently is, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, is the, that those type of products, they're really strong from a, from like a to your house file and as backend offers, not necessarily as front end offers. So the only shift in thinking I would have is I probably wouldn't approach those type of hot products as front ends, but for the back end are fantastic. Yeah, I think that that's really spot on. I think when the more that you That's great. Great point.

Really, really great point. I think that the more that you focus on like, um, you know, the more you focus on like the AI apprenticeship focused on me, Todd Brown getting apprenticed by Paul in this area, right? And so I think that, yeah, the, a lot of that requires a bit of relationship and trust from the, um, the audience. And so I don't think that that would've done really well on the, on the, on the front end. I think that, um, you know, something like the Agora Financial Copy School, I think the reason why that was able to do well on the front end was really more because most of the marketplace was familiar with Agora.

And so they, and right, the, the desire to understand what they do behind the scenes was already there. And I knew that. And so, right. Going to the marketplace, I knew that they would jump at that. But again, if it was, if the company was unknown or the expert was unknown to the marketplace or not well known to the marketplace, I don't think that it would, it would do nearly, you know, it would've done nearly as well.

So I'm, I'm curious, is there anything that, when, when it comes to, you know, when it comes to front end products and, you know, engineering, you know, hot front end products, anything that come to mind comes to mind in terms of kind of where you start or, or what you think about? I think that, that one of the first places I look at is looking at whatever else is out there in terms of the, the, like, this is, this is basic stuff, like looking what's out there in terms of all the other offers, but then seeing what I can do by looking at the other offers and seeing what they're, what they're maybe charging for, that I can include in the, the core offer as say a bonus, say for example, for the, the how heaven invade your finances offer. Like the, normally we, normally ourselves, we might charge for the audiobook and normally we might charge for, for, for something else, but we include that to make the, the core even better again. So like, just to, to, to overwhelm them with, with, to make the, the decision as easy as possible, but also to always bring it back to that, if we're going with like a lower price front end that we have to tap in as much as possible to the impulse behavior of like they, they're, they're clicking on an ad, they're gonna go over, they're gonna make a decision above the fold of whether or not they're gonna make a buying decision today. And if we can get them above the fold with like a lower price front end, and we engineered a whole page geared around that, I think you can, you can go a long way towards getting the, like, stacking up the kind of numbers that we've stacked up with, with some of our offers that we've done.

So, Yeah, no, that's a, that's a great point. It's kind of, it's funny, it's interesting how right you went, um, tactical, right? And, and I tend to go a little bit more, um, well first I tend to go a little bit more strategic. So just to piggyback off of what you said and everything that you said is, is absolutely, uh, I agree with, um, you know, I think, look, I, I think what I would say just in terms of front ends is, uh, is I would say, you know, I would also start with looking at the marketplace and looking at what the market has already been exposed to, what they're already buying, right? What they've already heard about, blah, blah, blah.

And I would look at the quality of the solutions and what it is that they are buying right now, and I would look to see if I could have a, a better solution. And what I mean in this context by better is that, um, it, it produces either faster results or it, and is easier to, to use to implement, to, to benefit from. And so, right, sometimes it is like look on the, on the front end, I think that, right, you've gotta tap into the mass desires, the problems that the, you know, the, the, the marketplace has that they're, that they're likely already hearing about from other competitors and other vendors and whatnot. I wanna see if I could come in and promise something better with a better solution that works faster and or is easier to use. So like looking at like, let's say, you know, uh, going back to like, let's say WWG, uh, and looking at, let's say debt relief, right?

Um, and there's a debt relief system. Let's just say that somebody else is, and we wanna offer a debt relief system. Well, let's look at their solution and what is entailed and involved in their solution, the, the solution that they give to people to help them get out of debt. And is there a way that we could improve on it? Maybe meaning like our, maybe, maybe we can improve on it merely by offering tools that they can use calculators, things like that, right?

Like maybe we can give them a toolkit instead of just an education. Um, or maybe our competitors are also giving information and a toolkit. Well, maybe there are missing tools from the toolkit that we can include. Or maybe there's a more streamlined way that we can provide the tools, like make the tools even easier to use. Maybe they provide, you know, let's say physical printout, you know, sheets for them to fill in.

And maybe we can do something online. Maybe we can use custom GPTs, you know, to do heavy lifting. Like, um, and or is there a faster way to solve the problem where let's say they're teaching people to budget and maybe instead of approaching it that way, we teach people how to find an extra thousand dollars a month that they could then use to pay down their debt. So we're kind of coming at it from a different perspective. And all of this is really, is to me, is right, the, the, it's the, the, the bigger picture stuff about being the student of the market, understanding what prospects are, are hearing what they're being offered, what they're getting, that they like, what they're getting that they don't like, and then doing the thinking necessary to see if we could come up with a better solution.

And as a side note, ironically, we talked about, we started off this, the, the call talking about the AI apprenticeship. Well, to me, that's really where marketers and copywriters and entrepreneurs need to be investing most of their time today is in the thinking before they're using ai. 'cause in other words, AI is not gonna do that. That it's not gonna do that thinking for you unless you, you prompt it to do that thinking for you. Like, unless you want, unless you're using ai, which is totally cool, to help do the thinking and analysis of the market, identifying the gaps, how do we improve these solutions, all that.

But if you're not bringing that to at least the ai, then nobody's doing that, that thinking. And to me, that's really where the value, the value comes in. It comes in from first having your finger on the pulse of the market and then looking for gaps, opportunities and areas that we can improve. And then being able to bring an improved solution to the table now with an even better offer, let's say, than what our competitors have. And that's, to me, where today you have, there's, there's opportunities.

You have the opportunity to create a, a breakout product in a marketplace. And so, make sense? Yeah. Anything that you would add to that? John?

Just one final question on, on the AI accelerator. This is, this is more my thinking along the lines of it, and just the question is whether you were thinking this as you were putting together the promotion, like one of the reasons why I feel that offer did really well, everything you touched upon, but maybe just is because the, you lean forward with the, you know, the honesty that you, you hadn't used AI as much as maybe people might be using it elsewhere. And I think that like, that touched a nerve with a lot of people that they themselves were in the same position that they may have been, you know, seeing other people using it, but they haven't been using it as much as they probably liked themselves. Or they may be a little bit overwhelmed with all of the different things. And they seem like you give them the opportunity to come along with you as you learn and they get to learn as well.

And like, that's tapping into the market where they're at. And I'd say there was a lot of people in that space, because it is really overwhelming for a lot of people. 'cause there's, it is changing so fast. So giving them the opportunity of meeting the market where, where they're potentially at as well as obviously, you know, we talk about that the whole time. And I think that was done brilliantly with the AI accelerator.

Yeah, I, I would say that, um, or the AI apprentice Apprentice, yeah, I would say that, um, that's a great point, man, that that really is a great point, right? That my, my where I was before the AI apprenticeship, like when I was recording that video was where a lot of prospects were. We were, we were together in the same spot of like, I'm not even really sure where to begin kind of thing, um, and whatnot. I think I was less in the spirit of transparency, John, I was, I was less kind of conscious of that point, which I think is a great point. Like, I, I was less like thinking about that.

And what I was thinking about though was, um, that I made sure I was crystal clear. Like I barely, I've only used chat GPT like a couple of times to do some research. Um, and so I really am starting from square one, and that's why I want Paul to walk me from beginning to end. Like, so that, like almost, I was hoping that for the, for the majority of people, that I would be in a worse situation than they were in that they maybe have used it a few more times than me and maybe were a little bit more comfortable than me. Almost like the, when, when in marketing we share, you know, the hero's journey of somebody and their beginning stage was worse than the typical prospect, meaning like, right, if we're, you know, like how to, how to get outta debt.

If we're talking about somebody that has, you know, three, their, their home has been closed, foreclosed on three different times, they're broke, they've got negative money in their account, they're blah, blah, blah. Like that's worse than the majority of prospects. And so if it could work for that person, it could certainly work for me that I was more, I was more focused on. But I think that you're right. And, and that's, you know, these are the kind of things again, for, for, for us and for everybody that, that gets a copy of these recordings.

I think it's so important when you look at a campaign and let's say you're able to confirm that it's doing well, um, in the marketplace or even your own campaign that does really well, is to really step back and ask yourself, why do I think that this did well? And really identify the things like, like what you just said, John, like where, hey, like my, I, I was in a position, I was in a position similar to a lot of prospects, right? And so they saw it like, we're together in this, it was, I was starting really, really, uh, uh, way off of where a lot of marketers are in terms of ai. And so like, this is gonna be comprehensive. And then plus, right?

Like again, behind the scenes, this isn't being created for public consumption, blah, blah, blah, all that and right. Make note of those things because right then, like we've talked about many times before, even the word, you know, in the title of this, the, the PowerPoint is engineering hot products. Like sometimes we're gonna, how do we engineer in that voyeuristic aspect? How do we engineer in that feel of this wasn't meant to be, um, for public consumption? How do we engineer in these different elements so that you end up with something really super, uh, super compelling and hot?

And so yeah, very good. But that's it. Just wanted to kind of plant that seed. Appreciate you, you, your insights as always, John are stellar. And uh, and I hope to see you next week, brother.

Yep. Cheers, sir. You got it. All right, man. Bye.
