---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-01-27 17:00:26"
date: 2023-01-27
duration: 1h 3m
duration_seconds: 3825
vimeo_id: 793458689
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-01-27 17:00:26

**Date:** 2023-01-27 | **Duration:** 1h 3m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey Brian, how are you? I'm doing great. How are you? I'm doing excellent. So good to see you.

Is it just you and I today? No, there is David's here. I was just seeing him a minute ago, so you Okay, let me just make sure I didn't miss him in the participant thing. Nope. Okay, so he's not he hasn't jumped on yet.

So what's new what's going on? Just generally before we will wait for him before we get into the to the biz the biz related stuff, but what's shaking what's new? We just had a Chinese New Year celebration. So, you know, yeah, I've been traveling for quite some time last year. I was we spent a lot of time in Dubai and you know last month.

We have a you know, we have a you know, just like how top one had like the annual event. We have one event that has happened for our highest level Mastermind in Dubai. So we normally we do events in India. So that was the first time that we ever we do events in Dubai and a lot of hectic things happen, but it was quite fun. So spend more than a month over there.

And then wow I hear I hear Dubai. I've never been to Dubai but I hear that it's it's magnificent. Yeah, Dubai is it's great. It's very vibrant. I would say like in in the past Hong Kong was very vibrant in terms of like attracting International people coming to invest coming to join conferences events, all of these things before covid and everything covid happened Hong Kong was so quiet and they lose the child but in Dubai, oh my God, there's so much of like big conferences mind value also doing a lot of events there already at at world.

Something is going to do a event there in March. So many things happening in Dubai. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's really interesting.

I know I've seen that I've seen a lot of different events in a lot of different, um, like universes, you know markets go to go to Dubai. And so that's really interesting. I think that we're gonna see more and more that it sounds like they're just it sounds like it's magnificent. They're extremely accommodating. Um, a lot of really like five star accommodations from what it is that I've heard and so that's that that's cool.

But any any additional traveling for you coming up or you gonna kind of take it easy for a little bit No, there's so there's a lot of trouble so next month of Feb probably gonna go to Dubai because there's two events attending and then in March. I'm planning to go to Malaysia for a family trip. Wow. Yeah, and then may I probably gonna go to India for like a boot camp that we are running. And June, we will have another event for The Mastermind in India.

So we're gonna run that and August we'll have our annual Flagship events. We are planning to get like two three thousand people to join our events. So that's already most of the years gone. Wow, that's so do you do you enjoy traveling? Like are you you like it?

I I do like travel. I actually travel a lot pre-covit, you know for for two years in my previous work. I was only actually traveling around to do events. But that was for startups like startup community events and I did that for two years and you know from like a super local Hong konger and then suddenly like wow seeing the world that was like, you know what it is and that's that's what it is. And then yeah and then things and then because of covid and then started to I think stayed in Hong Kong for two years not going anywhere doing anything.

And then you know and then suddenly last year the world started to open up and then I started travel again. Very cool. I I dig it. I I think that I don't do a whole lot of traveling but when I do I thoroughly like I thoroughly enjoy it especially when I I go to places where it's like a whole new experience for me like last year. We went to be yeah, we went to Greece we went to the Greek Islands and it was just so cool to be there for you know for a couple weeks and just be in that culture and experience just totally different way of life.

And so even though I don't travel a whole lot when I do I I so appreciate I so appreciate it. And so it sounds like you're getting some great exposure to all these cultures and all these worlds and people and that's that's awesome. You can have a lot of great stories to tell you're gonna you're gonna be calm just a different individual over time more cultured and so All very good what's going on dev good to see you, buddy. Good to see you Todd. How's everything good man?

How are Howie bronze and I were just chatting about all the the traveling and Dubai and all the events that you guys got coming up. And so all good with you before we Dive In Yeah, yeah, super good life is wonderful. That's great. And a amen. I love hearing that.

I love hearing that. So why don't you guys give me one of you guys give me um State of the Union bring me up to speed talk to me a little bit about what's been going on since the last time we chatted The Good the Bad the Ugly all that just kind of bring me up to speed. Sure. Oh, I think I'm just gonna run you through the chart and the map that we have right now. so the thing today, there's like just two main questions that we wanted to get your thoughts on one is like how do we double the leads that we're gonna like?

How how do we double the leads in the second thing is the overall email strategy in different angles. So before we go to the question, the big picture is, you know in 2020 to 2023 until March. We are probably going to be in up with six million dollars and in the next year. We're looking to double the amount and do 12 million dollars. So that is kind of like the big picture goal and focus that we wanted to work on and in the chart is all the things that we are currently having.

So orange is like the front end kind of offering the green is all the Ascension and these are what we are thinking and brainstorming which we also want your thought on. So our model is still the same. There's not really much different ever since we spoke. So we still drive people to like a one Buck webinar and after the one but webinar we bring them to a three days event, which we charge them about 200 dollars and we run this event three times in a year. And so which means that through the 3D event we bring them to a four months mentorship program, which is about you know for thousand five hundred dollars and we run this, you know, three batch a year because we do three events a year and and after the batches over we bring them to our Inner Circle, which is two thousand, you know 500 and if they don't do that, we gonna download them to program called passion PR Club just to you know, it's 900 bucks is lower ticket, but just to keep them into the universe and again, you know three times in a year.

There's enrollment. It's like a four month thing and we renew them every four months that's kind of the thing. And so and then there are so last year in November. We kick started this new high-level program, which is the passion for millionaire, which is a new you know, the Dubai that I spoke to you about is also part of this thing and we started with a lower ticket like a 10K just to start for the first 10 15 people and then we're gonna start increasing the price. So this you know right now we've got like 14 15 people in this so this we got all of these we got the people from you know, our previous batches and people who have already crossed a certain amount.

So these are the, you know, straight Ascension downsell and we also created an additional offer which we're doing it two times in a year, which is called a passion printer leadership webcam. It's a physical training boot camp where we train them about like, you know mental physical through like a kind of like a military type of boot camp thing and it's 900 USD and we do it about two times in a year. And addition to this we are also having like a one once in a year Flagship Flagship event where we bring everybody who is in our universe together, which this year last year we had about 400 people joining for the events is not really for making money or anything much. It's more like bringing people together and we we do make money from ascending them kind of but that was but the overall is more like a community event kind of thing. So that's why the ticket was also relatively lower so that's kind of where we're at as of now.

So okay you this was new this was also new from last year. Yep. So, um, let me just ask before we get to um, the the questions so let me ask you this. You guys said you basically the aim is to basically double revenue from six million to to 12 million. My question for you is have you ever taken the time to look at where you believe that revenue is going to come from meaning so in some businesses that when let's let's say the aimless to go from to to double Revenue.

In some businesses doubling of the revenue is like we're just gonna double everything that we did last year. We're gonna double the amount of new customers that we got. We're gonna double the amount of of back-end sales. We're just going to do double everything that we we did last year in other businesses. Let's say due to Market size due to Total addressable Market.

It may be a little bit more skewed like we're gonna increase our front end by 20% but it's the back end where we're really going to we're gonna we're gonna have to increase, you know, we're gonna have to double or triple what it is that we we bring in. I'm curious if you guys have ever given a given some thought too. Okay. So you're adding call at the aim is to add six million and so looking at what it is that you've got here. Where do you see that six million coming from?

Right. So basically right now as of now, I think the biggest you know, the biggest Revenue generation like 61% is Gonna Come From the four months mentorship program. Yeah, if we have to hit, you know that 12 Millions, so 61% is coming from here and then 14% could probably potentially coming from here, which is the high ticket program and then the rest, you know is just a little bit of Ascension a little bit of here. So we do know that if we increase this or this then this will increase and then the following will be there. That's okay got it.

So let's just just and this is just right so that we are and this is the same exact process that I do with my own team. Is that just so that we're aware like we're aware of what it is that we're talking about in terms of total dollars contribution from the four month membership mentorship. And then also when we and I'm I'm going to give you a number in just a second. We can then reverse engineer what we need in terms of the three-day Master Class sales based on historic conversions from that to the four-month mentorship and we can also look at what we need for the the one dollar webinar right in terms of conversions into the three-day Master Class historically to hit the 12. So if let's just say let's just look at this for one second.

I'm gonna do this on my screen. Let's just use 60% So if the numbers remained the same in terms of percentage breakdown, what we're talking about is the four month mentorship program contributing 7.2 million. So 7.2 million would be 60% of the 12 of the of the 12 million. Right. You see what I'm set right?

So right. So now what we're what we're talking about is 7.2 million coming from the four month mentorship. Now if we tell you actually we also broken down bit, you know based on the batch by batch as well like in each, you know event we are ascending people. So if you just promise you just don't take it there. So basically, yeah, so this for example, so basically how you know, basically in short Starting from April is going to be 500 people that we need to the first three day event.

We need we need to close 500 people joining the passion for their Mastermind. And then the next the second event. We need 600 people to join the passion printer and Mastermind, and then I think the third event will need more or less 600 people joining the passion printer Mastermind and that I would give us a total amount and according to this number. This is the number that I need to hit. This is the number I need to hit for the three days of it.

Got it. Okay, so just to be crystal clear so that that 500 600 and then let's call it 600 again roughly 5 to 600 which would bring you to about 1600 total. That's the that's the total number of people that you need to join the four the four month mentorship from the three day Master Class. Yes. Okay got it.

And so based on your historic kind of conversion rates from the from the three day event you need basically 1800 people to attend at each of the three three day events. Yes. Okay, and so take it back one more step for me. And so and if you go back to the To the other screen. So now how many how many so where will where will those 1800 people come from?

How many one dollar people do we need? Right that we probably need. a 5,000 a week If I remember correctly that I just have a double check. I have it on that other sheets. Yeah, so right now is that's the main source way is so Dev, right that correct me that but that's the main source of the three day of the three day attendees is the one dollar the one dollar gig.

Okay, so, okay and right now we averaging at 1300 to 1400 people in the three day event. So if you have you know, we have to increase from 13 1400 on an average and you have a bump it up 400 more. So, you know that means we need additional 400 more people coming either from one dollar we increase registration or you have to have multiple, you know trip wires to sign them up for three day, or maybe they're closer book a call or something like that got it. So we need an increase of about 30% in right? We need an increase of about 30% in terms of attendees to the to the to the three day and so so right now so I would like to know just again just for and I'll put this in my notes just so that I I can see the full picture how many of those one dollar people we would we would need how many how many one dollar people do we need to acquire to get those 1800 to to attend?

What does that look like? And what does that look like? What does that number that we need look like compared to the historic average of where we've been Yeah, you have a six six. Sorry our bronze. We roughly have five percent conversions four to five percent conversion of the webinar.

And we have a salespeople closing. So roughly six percent. Is that 1800 number? So probably you have to do 20 x sorry, bro. You have the number to get the webinar B.

So the webinar right now every week we're having about two to three thousand the one dollars buyer. Roughly about two two three thousand a week that paying the one dollar right which means that the webinar the webinar registration. We're about you two three thousand and then 60% show up five percent buy it, which the five percent is done part of the three days event people. And in order for us to get like a consistent because sometimes conversion is higher sometimes conversion is lower in order for us to sustainably actually hit that 1800 goal for the three-day event. We would ideally need 4,000.

to 5,000 weekly webinar registration And so you're talking about going from 2000 to 3,000 you said right now two to 3000 which is a pretty big swing a pretty, you know, there's a big difference between 2000, you know, sometimes we got like 400 Days and sometimes we go like, you know 200 day and it's just kind of like, yeah, so you're talking about but you know, two two to three going to four to five. Yes. Yes. Okay, so that's certainly right. That's right.

That's certainly one one way to you know, that's that's certainly one way to do it. Right? Like that's one Avenue is right if we can get more one dollar buyers and all other numbers remain the same obviously if we if we go from two to three to three to four four to five, excuse me. Then write those numbers are gonna play out as well. Right if we increase the conversion rate right on the three-day event.

If it goes from six to eight right you can also do the same thing. You can also impact that getting to to 1800. So there's more than one way to um to to do it but at least that gives me an idea of what we're talking about going from let's say I'm not on the front end two to 3000 to 4 to 5,000. So the big question that I I'm gonna ask you what's gonna seem like a ridiculous question based on what it is that we just talked about and based on the first question. Can you scroll up just one second?

Um bronze. There you go. So how to double the um how to double the lead. So first before I ask this this what's gonna seem like a crazy question when you say leads do you mean the you mean the one dollar buyers of the webinar this? Okay?

Yeah. Okay. So my question for you is um, the seemingly ridiculous question is why aren't you why aren't you at three to four or four to five? Why aren't you at 4,000 a week? Why aren't you why aren't you acquiring 4,000 a week what I'm asking for your your perspective.

Why why are you only at two to three thousand? Why aren't you at 4,000? Right, I think for me I think because it was only one webinar and there was only one way there's no other ways and other Avenue actually contributing to here. So that's the main thing so I was just also calculating if we need 1800 at this event, which means that because every, you know, four months we're doing it which is 16 weeks. So either we need this to be four to five thousand or we would need an enrollment of a hundred and twelve people for this.

To also hit the same number. So if we can have other way maybe other weapons like a second or third webinar, which can you know, give us this number then we don't have to again just rely on this one thing. Yeah. Yeah, and we're gonna come back to that. So right because that's definitely right like look the more, you know, if you've got one door in right the you add a second door.

It gives you that much more opportunity. There's also right there's the dialing in of that front end campaign and all that stuff, but we'll we'll get there but my question though is really so you said that well, we only have one, you know one entry point that one dollar webinar and so my question again though is so why why do you feel that one dollar webinar hasn't been able to contribute 4,000 a week like so what that it's only one what it what does that mean? Like, why is it stuck it? Why do you feel it stuck at 2000? Why is it not at 4,000?

You have one ad Channel? Okay. Let me answer this we have one ad Channel right now only YouTube. So they're no other lead generation sources Instagram. Facebook is not contributing more.

Right, and we don't have LinkedIn quora any ads so ads wise only one YouTube is contributing maximum. Second is we don't have leads coming from here before you go on dev. Why is that? Why do you only have one when you have a working? You have a working campaign?

You have a working offer with one ad Channel? Why why do you only have one ad channel for this? Yeah, yeah, we already running Facebook and Instagram, but the scaling has not happened there yet. You know, we've been spending money there, but the Facebook is growing slowly and steadily so we just contributing little by little from Facebook. That is one and in the earlier we had you know law, you know Facebook shutters down and lockers account and all that thing.

So we're very conscious about now, you know scaling that slowly and steadily so that is one the second answer to that is we've not tried. We tried a little bit of quora ads, but we've not had the massive success yet. We are yet to try LinkedIn ads we have not so sure how to run the LinkedIn ads. So all these things, you know because of which we are still majorly relying on YouTube so far. Okay, and so so just so relying on YouTube.

Are you guys hit are you guys maxing out your audience? Seemingly, yes, you know we spending almost about $150,000 a month on ads and we also capping it to you know lead acquisition cost. I mean the webinar lead one dollar acquisition cost at about $10. We have maxing it there so that you know, we are still in profits. So there is definitely room that, you know, we can still push but I think what is happening is it is always boiling down to the creatives sometime where we some videos really connect with people.

Well sometime that is not connect well, so when the videos are winning, you know where we shoot about, you know, five to eight videos a month and you know, all of them one or two. If it is Champion, then we actually have the lead increase. There are some weeks that you know, some of the videos don't perform so well some hooks don't perform. Well, so creatives could also be one of the reasons Okay, so okay got it. Uh, and so I just want to go back.

So bronze you feel like you've it sounds like and I don't want to put words in in Deb's mouth but it sounds like a little bit you're saying you feel like you've maxed out what you can get from that one dollar webinar meaning writers you're working with you're you're using Facebook, but you're taking it slow. So you don't have any compliance issues over there. Um, you haven't explored other channels like um, LinkedIn Uh, and so you're really kind of maxed on the amount of traffic that you can generate for that one dollar webinar. Is that is that somewhat accurate? Yeah, I think someone actually so for just also one thing though there have been creatives probably a few months ago which helped us to probably get that, you know, 4,000 a week for maybe for a several weeks.

It had like a spike because of one or two videos that something really work together and had that Spike but these Spike never sustain and only that two three thousand that's why it's two 3,000 only that remain constant, but then those high peak place is not so that's why we are looking to see hey, what is it that we can rely on which can be more sustainable for us? Okay. Okay. So I just want to give you some context to why I was asking that and why I was kind of going down that path. So I was I was really I I really wanted to understand what's going on with that campaign because in an Ideal World, we're always gonna look to expand the reach of an early working campaign rather than starting a new campaign.

Another words will always look to see can we take this campaign? That's already working that's already proven effective in one channel at least one channel. And can we use this campaign to expand our reach through maybe an additional platform Channel audience? Um, when possible I'd rather have us work on new creative for an early proven campaign then Start a new campaign and roll that out because remember now we have to create a new campaign that we have to make work and then we have to create all creative for that new campaign and make that work. And so it's a lot easier to take a proven campaign and expand the reach and make sure that we're really maximizing the the reach you know, one point in at one point Dev.

Based on what you were when you were when you were talking about the creative. I was leaning towards telling you right? Well Crete do more creative. I'd rather focus on more creative and do more at a higher frequency. Then create a new campaign right?

I'd rather start with a proven campaign and create more do more creative for that then to have to start a new campaign. But if what you guys are telling me is that you really feel like you are maxed out on until you until you can introduce an additional Channel. If and when you do of traffic for that one dollar webinar, if you're telling me that until then you feel like that campaign is maxed out on traffic then and only then would I discuss an introduce a new campaign another feeder campaign for the three-day Master Class. Does that make sense? Yes.

Yes. I think it's I think bronze you can correct me if I'm wrong. I think somewhat we have maxed out the creatives. It's not like we're running short of videos. We already have the videos and we give them but they cannot launch all the videos at one time.

So they're a test to and then wait test to and then wait wait, they launch all of them. They'll burn out everything. So I think from creative wise we have maxed out no process that accurate. So I think not just from our creative standpoint, but it's also from the perspective that this exact same funnel. We have been running from 2020 and it's been three years.

It has been running and right now we are because of those different spike is also in a very high volume and so it's also like, you know, it's also like, you know do we like it's just right now the good time that we actually work on a second front end so that you know to make sure that this like if we if we wait until this is exhausting it would be too late. Yeah. Yeah, it's really in high volume. Yes. I I think that that there's I think that what you said bronze is is very wise so that being said I'll give you a we can we can talk about these ideas over here if you'd like, but I'll tell you exactly how I would approach it.

If we were if we were Partners the way that I would approach it is I would create another one dollar webinar. I would do the same exact. I'd use the same exact model that you use here. Right and and I would roll out on a different hook a different angle a different topic, right because the reality is you don't need to change the model and now learn the nuances of a quiz funnel learn the nuances of a challenge funnel, right? You already have a model that you've used for years to feed your three day master class, right?

You know the metrics for this bad boy, you know what you can pay to get a lead or one dollar buy Year, you know like view rates show like, you know, all that makes no sense to me to now roll out a different model campaign and then have to learn the nuances of of that the quiz the challenge you already you've proven that you can make the model work, right? The whole purpose of your front end is to feed the three-day master class. That's the whole entire purpose of that of that thing is to feed the three day master class for me. I would just find a different topic and I'd roll out another one dollar. I roll out another one dollar webinar what you what you have to really what you really have to absorb and digest and this is something that this is just such an interesting thing in this in this Marketplace this whole world of of internet marketing.

Is that there is this weird and strange belief that there is some extraordinary magic in the model. In the model like that. There's a some extraordinary magic in the challenge model or in the you know, the quiz the quiz model. I'll say this that there is a there is a bit of magic in those models when they are first launched right? Like when they are first launched when a Marketplace has become saturated with a particular model or particular approach and then somebody comes in and runs a challenge but in the US market for example a challenge is we see they're all they're all over the place.

Other than that right people think that right? I'm Gonna Change it to a different model and like I have to change it to a different model. The reality is is that what grows old what grows dated? Um, what loses it's um, it's flare is the hook the angle the idea behind the message, right? That's what come old news.

It's not fresh. It's not exciting anymore. And so you don't need to change the whole delivery vehicle and come up with a whole new process and a whole new model to get people excited. What you do need to come up with is a different hook a different angle a different perspective a different a big idea. Same thing.

I would do same thing because you understand the nuances of that model already and I would roll it out as a one dollar webinar again. That's my recommendation. God God good so on. That again bronze I said that saves us a lot of work. Yeah.

I think on that note we already have one webinar which we tried in the past which was called high ticket entrepreneur. So so we have the two target audience one is the employees who want to start a business. There is one set of audience and the second one uses who already an entrepreneur who want to scale and grow the business, right? So our message is right now is purely focusing on quit nine to find build the business and our passion. But sometime back last year, we had launched this campaign called high ticket entrepreneur, which was only targeting on existing entrepreneur, but we stopped that campaign because it was a different end offer as well.

It was different delivery which we scrapped it. Now we thinking that you know end could be the same lead them into three-day event and can be passionate a mastermind because the same place we are still serving the existing entrepreneurs as well. So we still just bring the front end one dollar webinar of high ticket entrepreneur and then bring them to the three-day event master class that we have and then have the same parts so we don't have additional delivery for this but we still have more front end and capture more people with different hook. Yeah, I I like that and that's certainly the way that I would I would test it. That's certainly the way that that I would roll it out.

I would just keep in mind right I would look at you know, I would look at this and treat this as a bit of a a test, um with the, you know, High ticket entrepreneur and see if you can use the same deliverables the same Ascension path that you you've been using but just recognize that the selling business growth, you know, you know make more money if you will to entrepreneurs is different. It's a different Market than selling to people that want to quit their nine to five and want to make money on their own and so what I'm what I'm sharing with you is that so the numbers may be different right? You're gonna have to look at the the conversion numbers the the cost per acquisition like all the performance metrics across the Word could be could be vastly different, you know, the the market that you the the market of how to quit the nine to five and and make money online is just such a it's such an interesting thing for it's such a more responsive Market than entrepreneurs right? Like there is such a I think there are so much more potential. There's so much more greed.

There's so much more hope right. Some of it is there's a bit of fantasy, right? Whereas entrepreneurs that are in business or a little bit more pragmatic. They you know, the the ones that are still in business they've lost that you know, they've gotten rid of that fantasy part of their their thinking for the most part so it's a little bit different right so just keep keep that in mind, but I think that that's, you know, well worth a well worth it a test for you that being said That being said, you know, I I think look you know. I would I would definitely the the The business opportunity Market, which is you know, the make money market, right?

It just continues to grow it continues to thrive it. There's always going to be people that want to make want to make more money want freedom to be on their own. Uh, you just have to think about the marketplace and what you know about what's changed in the marketplace over the last call it two years what they what they've been exposed to what they haven't been exposed to what what was exciting to them. That's no longer exciting. What was new to them.

That's no longer new so that you could find that right angle. The reality is man is that the hardest part of of marketing yet the most the most important the most important element is coming up with that hook that angle that makes your audience say, oh, what's what's this this seems this seems different this seems new this is Wildly, exciting like this sounds awesome. Let me hear more about it. And that is a constant ongoing um job because as markets change they tend to the the speed at which they changed tends to increase. So like in the United States markets evolved so quickly in terms of you know, a big idea two months ago might not be a big idea anymore in the in the US like there were AI messages about copy seven weeks ago that are now dated like because so much got flooded in seven weeks.

And so my point is that if I was you I would go back. We were Partners I would say let's definitely use that model one dollar one dollar webinar. We know what we should be paying per lead. We know the show. We know the conversion data on all that like we've got all the numbers.

Now let's invest our time coming up with a great hook. That's still attracts that same quit the nine to five audience. That's still attracts that same bizop that still brings them in with the same emotion the same kind of hope and excitement but from a different angle. That's what I'd be thinking about. Nothing, but sounds good.

Sounds good. It could be some webinar that is more. Like for example like this. We already have like quite nine to five and built a business around passion. So that was literally the hook so we could be coming up with something like hey how to make a hundred k a month.

I mean a year or like how to start a side hustle or like these kind of new and the same thing but new different way, but the same thing right that kind of yes, assuming that those new angles as long as those new angles are new not just to your approach but to the audience meaning so right like that, they'd be you know, they'd be excited about it. And sometimes it's it's just a matter of Really thinking through and brainstorming. How do we you know, how do we phrase the the same idea so that it comes across different. It could be how to make a hundred K from your you know, your your passion. It could be, you know how 15 minutes a week in your garage can Bank you an extra, you know, $8,000 a month like right and now it feels completely different.

But ultimately we're talking about the same the same thing. So the point is that you've got to again, you've got to sit back. This is where Dad bronze you guys have to sit back and you gotta talk about let's talk about the marketplace and let's talk about like what the market who the market is today what the market is seeing what the market is heard what the market is thrilled by what the market is bored by what else they're being promised what else they're being sold, right? And and that's where you want to invest your time. And then I would come up with a hook.

Ultimately, the beauty is that the the offer and call to action at the end of that webinar is going to be the same as it is right now, right? It's just that the first chunk of the the webinar that's going to be new and refreshed based on the new hook the new angle and that's where I would start. Good good. This also be one more thing which is, you know, giving a first hook the front end trip wires how to make your six figure that leads them to the upsell of $1 webinar with the similar message that they have but you know initially of directly going to one minute webinar landing page, they're going getting like a freebie like a you know, ebook or downloading that book then then the webinar do you think that also makes sense? Um, I think um, of course that can work right that's a very common and very popular model.

Um, the thing that I would say for you guys the reason why I would I would test and like look you you can test both but the thing that I would test first would be the one dollar webinar because it's something that you've done something that you've done before every different model. Well, like look, I mean you could certainly make a challenge work you can make a quiz funnel work. The reason why there's all these different models that are taught and and whatnot. It's because they all Work right? It's a matter of learning and understanding the nuances of each of those models.

So for the when you when you have a lead magnet You just have to recognize. Okay. Now there's going to be a whole different set of metrics that you're gonna have to learn. What's good and what's bad what's average for your campaign? Um, and then there's the whole email follow-up sequence that you're gonna write and and dialing in each of those messages and getting consumption and and those different things.

It's not to say it works it works. And so you certainly could like if you're asking me is that a viable model to use for you guys. The answer is absolutely it's a viable model. So is the quiz model and so is the challenge model but the thing to recognize is in terms of efficiency in terms of in terms of knowledge and experience you guys right, you know how to to do the one dollar webinar, you know, those, you know, those metrics the same reason why Agora primarily sticks with the Via long form, you know video sales letters and long form sales letters why they don't do challenges why they don't do quiz funnels. 'cause those things don't work.

It's because that they recognize number one. There are nuances in each of those models that takes time to dial in and understand and number two write the magic isn't in the model. The magic is in the message the hook the angle the idea and therefore if you've got experience with one model, there's no reason why you you can't continue to use that model over and over with just with a different hook and angle so I would you can test both but I would test the $1 webinar first. Got clear. Does that make sense?

Yes. Yes. And so can you go back bronze to the screen with the questions one more time? Yes, so the second question the second. Yeah, I think the first one is answered.

The second question that I have is about the email strategy. So, you know, I think last time we briefly spoke about the email strategy and you suggested us to do The Campaign which we were planning to really start on the campaign this year. What is happening is I wanted to ask about the overall direction as well as the prioritization of which one to focus on first. So reason is for example email right there is a lot of people that is here that we collected emails from because we only have this one offer, for example, there's nothing else. So what am I going to do with these people or am I just continue to move these people to here?

That's one and then in terms of the Ascension. Hey, how do I move the people here to here? How do I continue to move? The people from here to here? Each of the Ascension chunk is a new chunk of the email that we can campaign on so how and and because there's now a lot of Chunk because there is so many green boxes.

So how am I to prioritize these campaigns or thinking when I'm looking into all of these things which can be optimized? Yeah great question and you're absolutely spot on in terms of the way that you're thinking that I would be viewing these as different chunks different parts of your overall Marketing System, right? So moving from the the passion for north three day Master Class to the to the four month mentorship. That's right. That's a part or a chunk in the in the system and same thing in the next part and the next part.

Those are all kind of individual chunks that we want to Want to create we want to optimize over time. So I'm gonna I want to address the first question of priority first before I do that. I have a question for you. So what would you say that the overwhelming majority of people that invest in? Let's say one of the green boxes the Ascension programs that the overwhelming majority have purchased the three-day master class first.

The everybody has because only they're here then they are in the green. Got it. Okay. Got it. Um so and right.

Okay. So the very first the very first email campaign email sequence email chunk that I'd be working on based on that is the the one in between the $1 webinar and the three day master class and I'd be dialing I'd be dialing that in which we'll talk about in just a second what that what that looks like, but that's your whole entry point and the so that's number one. The second thing is that um, Is that based on your answer of based on your answer of? Of that everybody buys the three-day master class before they buy any one of the other, you know, a Ascension offers based on that. I would have the longest campaign that I possibly could have after the $1 webinar that promotes the three-day Master Class another words, right?

Like I would have the long I would follow up with them for as long as I possibly can about that. One thing about that one thing and like what you have to what you guys have to realize what you've got to remember is that there are a lot of companies out there even direct response driven companies that only have one product that they sell they only have one product or one program or one piece of software. And in many cases, they'll continue to mail every day. They'll send an email every day. One of the best examples that I think is just is a great example get granted.

He's a great email copyrighter. That's what he teaches but then settle Ben settles known for his email. Copy he's got one newsletter that he sells that's it. He's got one primary offer that he sells and he sends out an email every single day and I would say that 90% of those emails have some sort of call to action whether it's a soft call to action or not. I'm not saying that that's that that's necessarily what you guys would do but I would certainly put together an exhaustive list of every single point that I could make new Point new piece of information that I could share to move people from the $1 webinar to the three-day master class and you've got to think like you go ahead.

I'm sorry. No, I think this is a very profound, you know inside that you shared with us. And then I also if you see bronze earlier with your emails were directly replays were converting more than the sales team. Now sales team is converting more right big as compared to your emails because sales team is doing more. I think now the second the top objective should be is dedicated campaign on how we can even surpass whatever numbers that sales team.

People are closing. How can you do that just on emails without you know whole marketing and close more sales can convert more. How can marketing also convert more with multiple variations to close them? Yeah, I think that that's a great that's a great way to look at it. Let me just let me let me give you some ideas bronze for like where I wear my mind immediately goes for like when I I think about let's say how are we gonna come up with?

Let's call it 21 days. Hypothetically. It might not be 21 days because we might run out of ideas at at 13 days or it might be you know, 31 days, but where my mind immediately goes when thinking about putting together a campaigns like that. So number one is there's a what's the problem that that people have that the the three day Master Class solves? That's an email.

Right? What are the what's the what's the primary promise of the master class? That's an email. What are the secondary benefits that people can experience from from the the master class depending on how many you have and how significant they are to the prospect. Each one of those secondary benefits can become its own email.

You can then take the content of the the three day master class, right and you can talk about different pieces of content that will be presented in the in the master class. Right like you could have if you really wanted to you could have three separate emails one about day one one about day two one about day day three you can have emails of Of let's call it endorsements or testimonials people that attended the three day master class and raved about it. You might you could have that you could also have if you've got comments from people during the three day Master Class like oh my gosh Deb this you blew my mind. This is amazing. Boom that can become an email.

Then you've got objections that people have objection / concerns, right depending on what they are each one of those objections and concerns can be its own email right now. If you're gonna you know, if you're gonna cover three different objections, let's say over three different emails. I wouldn't do those three objection covering emails one after another after another. I'd mix it up you do problem solve right you do, you know case study next day you do an objection next day you do benefit next day you do day two what's covered in there in that bad boy. Um, then you could do like a you can have an email that is right a straight like off.

Like, you know, don't forget you still haven't registered yet, you know, like go ahead and go register for the three-day Master Class. You can have a frequently asked questions. Right and I would focus on like I'd use a frequently asked questions. I'd have three maybe four questions in there. That's like, um allows you to Market and sell like you know how fast will I really see results with this like that's a great question to answer in an email because fast you're gonna write in three days and here's why like, um, If there's a guarantee right like as part of the as part of the offer that could be an email.

If there are bonuses as part of the as part of the offer that can be right. So you see how you have right? Like you can have an endless an endless quantity of an endless quantity of of offers, excuse me of emails as part of that as part of that sequence. That's where that's where I would begin the second thing that I'm just going to throw out there that I don't recommend we do right away because it would require it would require some additional thinking and kind of maneuvering but one thing that I would make a note of is well, let me let me just think Yeah, so do you do you could also in the in the campaign right? You can tie in the deadline that that's that's where I was going with it like the right.

There's only there's only a certain times of year that you that you that you hold the three day. Um gig right there's three times a year and so right so three times a year. So like I'd build in like when where we can build in urgency like that's always money and I'll tell you for and this is where I was going that when whenever a campaign doesn't whenever there's an offer and a campaign and follow up that doesn't have in some urgency like some real legit urgency in there. We always figure out how do we work this and change this ever so slightly to work in urgency like do we have to go like if this is always available? Well, then we we're gonna have to change that.

We got to fix something. We got to change the offer so that Got to swap out bonuses or something so that we can put a deadline on this offer and yank it because that urgency pushes people over the edge. But the point is that you got enough emails to like I treat those emails like this email sequence is in and of itself a full-blown marketing campaign. That is relentless. That's how I would think about it.

And for example that 21 day it would have been the extended deadline for it could have been like an extended deadline for the offer right? It's just gonna have to think about how do I keep creating the urgency throughout the Throughout the whole campaign, right? Well, so like look, you know if let's say hypothetically there's a 21 day deadline which is you know, like right like in an ordinary world. I wouldn't go with the 21 day deadline because that's not you know today if they're if I have 21 days to decide that's that's giving me Freedom not not pressure to to act but I wouldn't I wouldn't even bring up the deadline 21 days out. I would start to bring up the deadline seven days out.

And then as I got closer to the deadline like, you know 48 hours before that's what I'm gonna start to to crank it up and the last day I'm just gonna pull out all stops and I'm gonna let them know like today today's the last day so it really just depends on how we you know, where the where the deadline the deadline is in the In the campaign see one of the things that we do and I just want to be sensitive to I want to be sensitive to time here. I want to make sure that I get to your question, but I think somebody's gonna pop on here for my next call in five minutes. So let me say this real quick and then get to the next if there's another question but this is where this is why I love Dynamic deadlines and why we don't do a whole lot of of real time deadlines. So Dynamic deadline is just like everybody gets the same deadline no matter when they come into the campaign. So hypothetically let's just say hypothetically.

Um, let's say hypothetically after the one dollar webinar, right? Let's say hypothetically the next day we plug them into a follow-up system. Well everybody that goes into that follow-up system. Let's say has a 21 day deadline in 21 days from the day that they the day that the day that they watch that one dollar webinar. They have 21 days to take Vantage of the offer for the three-day master class doesn't matter if they go into to if they watch that one dollar thing today.

They watch it tomorrow. They watch it three weeks from now. Everybody gets the same 21 days everybody so that that everybody can see a countdown clock with 21 days or they would see it seven days out. Everybody can get the same emails that say you only have three days left to go. Right like everybody gets the same sequence everybody builds and experiences the same urgency and so that you know, that's another way and and that's what I when I was saying earlier, let's put that to the side for right now.

We could always Circle back and talk about how that's actually done and the the right strategy for that where I would begin is just put a a comprehensive aggressive email follow-up sequence in place and I would start with I would start with that one and then I would just go to the next one. So in terms of priority that I would go to the next one in terms of the sequence so start the earliest in the process and then I would just do the next one and do the next one and I would approach it with the same exact mindset. Hmm God that help or is that more confusing or is that or that helps? I I'm definitely really thinking about that dialogynamic thing. And I think what happened is what we're doing is after the webinar.

There's going to be three days four days for the replay and after the replay the offer is gone because the webinar itself headed that urgency. So now I'm thinking okay after the webinar, maybe we can then extend a longer urgency Horizon instead of just four days. We will I'll have to see how do we extend that so that we can do more emails. Yeah. Well, so in this arm say like the challenge was because the urgency was already on the webinar.

What I would do here's what I would do. Yeah, and so and it's a little different for you guys because you're doing it. In real time, right? So the beauty of the dynamic element is that it allows us to turn Evergreen things into into a unique deadline for each person, but you guys are actually doing it live. So in other words that it happens on, you know on a Tuesday of X mom.

And so therefore everybody that attends should have the the same deadline the way that if you really wanted to think about how do you do four days and then and then how do you extend it? Um, How do you extend it to 21 the way that I would approach it is I would change the offer slightly. And so when you talk about the four days, right, it's you have four days to take advantage of this offer this offer. I didn't say this product. I didn't say this program.

I didn't say your chance to jump in to the three day Master Class such this offer for the master class. Um ends, right? But so let's say hypothetically right? It's a hypothetically it was the master class and and two bonuses. I'm just as an example, right?

Well after the four days, right you can you pull the bonuses, right? The bonuses are unfortunately gone, but you can still get into the master class, right and and here's your opportunity and that you can then run if you wanted for the next, you know, 17 days 18 days 21 days, whatever whatever it turns out to be. The only thing that you need to do is you just need to change the offer. You don't need to change the product. You just need to change the offer and that's where the beauty is is that there's a lot of different ways to change the offer.

You could change the price. You could change the terms you could change the bonuses. There's you could change any combination of those and now it's a new offer. And so you're not saying this disappears forever. You're never gonna be able to get in again, right?

You're just saying this offer you got four day. This is our best offer for the or this is the you know, this is right this offer goes away and then four days later five days later, I'd roll out. You know, I would just say look you missed it you missed that offer. But look so many people love this program. I want to give you a second opportunity to jump into the core program.

You won't get these bonuses, but let me tell you about XYZ and what this will do for you. Boom. God does that make sense? What? Is that helpful?

Is that did that help? Yeah. Yeah, just I just think it is. It is wonderful. You processing it the processing it it's good.

Okay. Well definitely let me know definitely bronze. Let me know when you begin to work on like if you if you need you know, like if we need to jump on for another 15 minutes and and like do a brainstorming on the email content email topics. They're there for sure. There's there's no there's no doubt about it that that they're that there's enough content for you to do two three four weeks for sure.

Yeah for me, I think the challenge was not the content. The challenge was the deadline that urgency. I didn't know okay tweaking something then I again see it. That was my block the writing it was you know, that that would be you know, that would be doing. Yeah, I'll tell you all I'll leave you with this.

I'll leave you with a great lesson that um Clayton make piece so legendary copywriter one of the greatest to play the game a lesson that that he taught me any he referred to it as deadline density the deadline density and what he talked about was He talked about this idea of building more building more deadlines into a campaign. So like that's where you know, like there's a deadline to register. There's a deadline to show up right to the to the event right? There's a deadline to respond to the first offer. Then there's a right.

There's a a deadline to you know, then you don't respond to that. There's a down cell or right some other and there's a deadline for that and constantly building in these points of urgency. Right these the deadline density is more points of urgency in most for most campaigns for most marketers. They build in urgency one time one primary time. And the reality is is that we know that there is there's always that that Spike we always move people to act through urgency.

It's one of the it's one of the most persuasive drivers of behavior. And so build it in and so that's where the offer changed right in. Here's here's a new offer and you could absolutely now follow up with right you could have an offer let your you're talking about for the three-day for the three-day gig. Um, and then if you wanted to after like 10 days, you could sweeten it with a with a different bonus and now right it's still part of follow-up and you're like PS just added another bonus to the three-day to a new bonus to the three day like now it's right and I'm gonna give you the next 72 hours to grab this bad boy. You've just got so many opportunities to change things up bring in a deadline countdown urgency and and drive people to to act there's no doubt that if you take if you treat that email campaign that email follow up with the the the respect that it deserves you could move you could move serious numbers from that like you could out you could outmatch the the sales team and so for sure.

Got all right. Good. Okay, you're on mute. Yeah, okay. Of course.

You guys get out of here having amazing day. If you need anything you let me know. We're here for you guys. We're cheering you on dev. I love seeing your content on on social media like you are a rock star, and I'm so proud of both of you guys and so here for you.

Love you safe travels and we'll talk soon. Thank you. Thank you so much. Good day wish you well.
