---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-08-26 17:02:08"
date: 2025-08-26
duration: 38m
duration_seconds: 2281
vimeo_id: 1113326028
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-08-26 17:02:08

**Date:** 2025-08-26 | **Duration:** 38m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so today I want to do something a a little bit different. I wanna talk about, um, how a a different way to look at the audience, a different way to think about the audience, really kind of, uh, the, the way that I would say today, I would say, right? That top direct response marketers and entrepreneurs look at an audience. And John, this goes to something that we've recently been talking about, um, somewhat of what the meeting we had the other day when we were brainstorming media ideas and, and, and angles and whatnot. I don't think that this is gonna be, uh, anything revolutionary for you guys, but my hope is that this will, this will get your wheels spinning, uh, in thinking about different opportunities, different approaches within a, uh, within a market.

And so, let me go ahead and let me share my screen over here, and then let me do this. Let me do this. Cool. I'll just do it like this. Um, very cool.

Okay. Hang on one sec. Okay. So, uh, like I said, how, how direct response marketers think about, um, audiences. And so, really, the way, the reason why I'm sharing this with you is because I wanna, I wanna share the mistake and kind of what the mistake leads to, and then we'll get into this simple kind of, uh, simple breakdown.

And it's literally one, one slide. And so one of the, one of the things, one of the, one of the mistakes, or I don't, I don't even wanna say mistakes as much as it is, it's just one of the bottlenecks. One of the reasons why a lot of entrepreneurs, a lot of marketers don't scale or are unable to a scale, is because of this. Um, and it is the way that they think about their audience, their marketplace, and then the way that they approach their messaging to that audience, to that marketplace. Now, I'm gonna talk about specifically media buying, right?

And running ads. Uh, but this really can apply, uh, you know, on a product creation level as well as a just a marketing message or marketing, you know, uh, funnel, um, level as as well. What the typical entrepreneur marketer does is, let's say they've got, let's take for example, um, let's just take for example, let's say that they are marketing the, let's take our dominant differentiation book, the book about the unique mechanism right now, on the surface, very high level, low hanging fruit, the, the unique mechanism, and ultimately dominant differentiation is about differentiation. It's about right, standing out in a marketplace. It's about differentiating your product from, you know, from other products, other services out there.

And so what the typical entrepreneur, typical marketer would do with that is they would create a message, whether it be, you know, um, ads or an ad that is all about, um, differentiation. Maybe some would create ads around, you know, um, around this idea of, uh, of, um, you know, of the unique mechanism versus something like a unique selling proposition. Some may create ads around the importance of differentiation today, you know, like when it comes to a product, when it comes to marketing, that differentiation is the name of the game. Others may, uh, create, um, you know, uh, an ad around, uh, you know, something related to, uh, how critical, you know, differentiation is. Uh, you know, and these are all really just versions and variations of the same underlying idea, hook, angle, theme, which is differentiation.

And ultimately what, you know, some, some entrepreneurs may even take that concept or that idea, or that theme of differentiation, and they may go one level deeper by touching on the pain point. Like, right, are you, you know, are you being ignored in your marketplace? Are your, you know, is your product just more noise in the marketplace? Another, uh, another kind of a branch of differentiation, but still under the theme of differentiation. And they'd be speaking to, let's say, um, they might speak to their audience in general, let's just say it is, you know, dentists, and they're talking to their audience of dentists, and they're talking to them about differentiation.

And they're ultimately, if they, if they're even creating a lot of different ads, a lot of different creative, they're usually just iterating off of the back of this one idea, differentiation, differentiation, differentiation, right? They might be trying to come at it from, you know, uh, different directions, but they're ultimately talking to the same audience, um, with the same underlying message. But the reality is, if you take something and, and you look at something like the unique mechanism, uh, the unique mechanism can help a lot of different problems in a particular business. In other words, there are a lot of acquisition, uh, backend, if you will, LTV problems that you could potentially tie to a lack of differentiation. In other words, you could ultimately link a low CTR to a lack of differentiation, right?

You, yes, you, you know, CTR on your ads, let's say, right? If there's no differentiation, if people in the marketplace think that it's similar to what else is available or what else they've tried before, right? Well, then your engagement can suffer. And therefore, if your engagement suffers, right? Your, your, your CTR could suffer right?

Now. Look, you could, you could also make the argument, and this is right, normally, this is where Teddy would, would chime in. You could make the argument, well, maybe it's copy, right? Or maybe it's your, your image, you know, your creative. That's, that's, of course, maybe it's those things, but maybe, right?

The reality is, is if you don't have, uh, effective, meaningful, um, impactful differentiation, your engagement in CTR is going to suffer. Even if you've got good creative, even with a great image, even with a great video, even with right, a well-written piece of copy, if there is no differentiation and you look like more of the same, your engagement in ultimately your CTR is going to suffer. You could also make the case certainly that if you're running any kind of two-step campaign with a, you know, uh, with a lead magnet being offered, some sort of opt-in registration pro, right? That, again, if you lack differentiation, that you're, you're, those performance metrics are going to suffer. Same thing with sales conversions, right?

And so the right there, right, you can see that, right? We've got the opportunity to talk about media buying, right? Specifically click-through rates. We've got the opportunity to talk about opt-in rates and lead gen. We've got the opportunity to talk about sales conversion rates, of course, off of sales conversion rates.

We've got the opportunity to talk about, right? How, um, are you running campaigns? And your CPA is two, three times what your A OV is, right? Like, um, that, right? 'cause that could be related to a low conversion rate, which could be related to a lack of, uh, of differentiation.

You certainly could make the argument that, right, if somebody's got low, a low click-through rate on email campaigns, that they're not providing enough differentiation. My point in this, and we could probably go on and on for the rest of our time on this training, talking about the different problems that marketers and entrepreneurs, um, can have or have in their business that could be directly linked to a lack of, of differentiation and therefore could be fixed and helped, uh, um, through, uh, a, a, a great unique mechanism. Uh, my point in sharing that is that those, all of those things that I mentioned, and we could come up with another half dozen, uh, you know, or dozen of those, all of those things are opportunities for different angles, different audiences, if you will, right? Different segments of the audience, if you will, right? A different approach.

And so, just because, right, the main thing, differentiation doesn't mean that we have to only go after people that are aware of the importance of differentiation or that are struggling with a lack of differentiation. There are a lot of different, uh, ways in to the audience and to only have one single thing, right? One, one approach leaves a tremendous amount on the table because, right? Maybe there are people that aren't thinking about differentiation, they're not thinking, uh, uh, about that, but they're thinking about their low click-through rate, or they're thinking about their low opt-in rate, or they're thinking about their poor sales conversion rate, or they're thinking about their wacky numbers in terms of CPA and and, and a OV. Or they're, they're thinking about, they're not getting attention on their YouTube channel, they're not getting any significant engagement, and right.

And they're thinking that they need weird YouTube tricks and hacks and thumbnail tricks, and, and, um, and they need to use tags in their, in their listing and blah, blah, blah, and all, all, all that kind of jazz. Um, but the reality is that maybe through a good education based campaign, we can show them that their problem is none of those things that before any of those, before they worry about the thumbnail, before they worry about their, the first in three seconds, you know, four seconds, or 10 seconds or a minute, whatever it is, before they think about the quality of their video, right? They should be thinking about differentiation, see how, and we could, we could keep going. And my point in doing that is that's one approach. One way of looking at, call it slicing and dicing the audience up and pulling out different segments, pulling out different pockets, if you will, of the audience.

And so, the way that I want you to think about this is like this. So the first one is we've got the, call it the, the total addressable market. Let's just refer to this as the marketplace. This is everybody in the marketplace. Really, what I, when I say total addressable market in this context, I really mean everybody in the, in the marketplace that could afford to pay for whatever the solution is, right?

And so this is everybody, everybody in the, um, in the marketplace. But then within the marketplace, you could say, and we could actually, if you want, if it would be easier, we could, you know, we could take a, um, we could take a real example if you wanted. Um, let's look at marketplace segments. So within the marketplace. So if you take something like, look, if you take something like, um, something like, uh, you know, let's say again, dominant differentiation book bundle, you know, the unique mechanism, and you look at our audience, well, what would some of the marketplace segments be in the audience?

What do you think some of the marketplace segments would be? Well, so look, you know, you could, you could do, you could look at marketplace segments a couple of different ways, right? Which shows you how you, how, uh, different ways to slice and dice. So you certainly could look at marketplace segments by like, let's say, um, coaches versus agency owners, you know, uh, um, you know, info product people versus, you know, SaaS, um, owners. But you could also, right?

Like, so that's certainly one way to look at it. You could also look at it as right, people that are struggling with a certain problem or a certain pain point, right? Like that they're struggling with acquisition, they're struggling with, um, you know, uh, maybe they're struggling with conversion. Maybe they're struggling with, you know, getting clicks on their ads. Maybe they're struggling with backend, right?

Maybe they're struggling with getting traffic. Maybe they're struggling with growing their, um, you know, organic, you know, social media, um, following, right? All of those things could be marketplace segments, right? And so, pretty obvious so far, what we've got. We've got total addressable, you know, market, or we've got the marketplace as a whole.

We've got the universe, and then we've got these marketplace segments within them, but then we could also drill down, right? And we've got what I would refer to as segment clusters. And segment clusters are, and this is really where I think, John, this is really the, where the value really, um, comes in, um, for, you know, for you especially, right? Overseeing so many different media campaigns and, you know, paid advertising campaigns, segment clusters, really the way that I would say this are these, these clusters of individuals within marketplace segments that respond to certain big ideas, respond to certain angles, right? Respond to, um, certain themes.

And so, right, you've gotta understand that not everybody, in, certainly not everybody in the marketplace, and not everybody in a marketplace segment, is going to respond to the same idea, the same, the same premise, if you will, the same theme. And the thing to understand is what a, and this is the point, this is the main thing that I really want you guys to grasp, is that that doesn't necessarily mean that they're not interested in the product and what the product can do for them. That doesn't mean that they're not interested in the solution. That may just mean that that idea, that that theme, that that premise does not resonate with them. But another premise, another theme, right?

May resonate with them. So, in other words, what we o often assume is we will choose some kind of idea or theme, right? Or premise, this overarching kind of message that we're bringing to the, to the table. And we assume that that either shows who's interested in this product or who's not interested in this product. But the reality is, is that maybe if we position the product differently, we would get a different set of hands that would be raised, right?

Even on our own email list. This is, this is the value of, right? And we, we, we, we've, we haven't talked about this in a while, but right? I, we've, we've talked about this, you know, this goes back some years. The idea of this is why you can put people through, let's say, a webinar for a particular product, and then take the people that don't buy and put them through a VSL with a different angle, if you will, a different idea, a different premise, same offer, get more sales, then take the people that don't buy and send them over to maybe a, you know, a challenge with a different premise, a different idea, same offer in the end.

And get people to buy. Because what's happening is that a lot of marketers, a lot of entrepreneurs will assume that because people don't respond to the idea that that means they're not interested in the product or the offer, and that's absolutely not true. There are different ideas, different premises, different messages, if you will, different storylines, narratives that attract different people in a given marketplace. And so, right, this is the idea here is to really, the right way to really approach this is to then identify the segment clusters within the marketplace, segments within the different marketplace segments. So you'll have segment clusters within different marketplace segments.

So you could take, you know, take, you could have, let's say, you know, um, you could have the, the, the, um, let's just take, you know, uh, let's take coaches or whatnot that are struggling with, you know, acquisition, right? Well, right? The coaches that are struggling with acquisition. Well, then within that marketplace segment, you could have a multitude of different, different segment clusters. You can have those coaches that are struggling with acquisition, that some respond to idea A, some respond to idea B, some respond to idea C and so on, right?

And so, to only expose them to idea A and to make the assumption that they're not interested in, in the product or the solution, right, is just foolish. Because what they're ultimately telling you is they're not interested in, in, in idea or premise A, they're not telling you that they're not interested in product A or solution A, if you will. They're just telling you that they're not interested in, in, um, in that idea. And so, right, so then you've got that, you've got these, you know, segment clusters, right? Which is obviously a smaller universe than the marketplace segments.

And obviously marketplace segments is smaller than obviously the total marketplace or the total addressable marketplace. And then you've got the micro segment clusters. And what I would say here, this is really, these are the, the, the, the segment clusters. The way to, the way to think about this is really much more so from a media buying perspective, John, is this is really ultimately all about identifying the different, um, hooks that people, um, respond to within those segment clusters. And so recognizing that, again, you know, recognizing that, look, some people respond really well to a guru based, you know, um, expert based ad where, right, they want, they're looking for credibility.

That's what they pay attention to. Others may be right, may not respond to that, and may because they feel like it's, it's gamed, you know, it's, it, it's choreographed, it's edited. Others may look for, right? The average individual, you know, um, UGC style, user generated content style approach, right? That feels like real, real people like, you know, um, giving a recommendation.

Other people might, might look for more of a, um, more of a case study testimonial, other people, right? Might be captured by a visual call it, you know, pattern interrupt, right? Other people might, right? Uh, uh, a, uh, hear, uh, you know, like they might, they might, it might be what they hear, like, right? You're never gonna believe this.

You're never gonna believe what happened to my, my, my, my funnel, blah, blah, blah, versus seeing something, um, on, you know, uh, on the video. The point is, right, is that, is, is recognizing that this is why we need different hooks, because there are different micro segments that, uh, uh, um, microsegment clusters that respond to these different hooks, right? And this is really only something that has really just become super clear to me over the last handful of months, really. That's it. Because really, right?

I, I now really understand when, when we say, you know, when we often talk about the volume of creative that is needed, like the volume of creative that is needed to find a, um, like, to, to scale a campaign, what, what a lot of people misunderstand that to mean is, let's take the dominant differentiation gig, is, um, is that, that means like, let's just create a ton of stuff around differentiation, right? Like, let's take that one theme for the one, you know, for our, our marketplace, our entrepreneurs that, you know, that wanna grow and, right? Like, that's the, that's the, the marketplace, let's just say. And then we create these messages all about differentiation. Um, and we're constantly just, we're iterating off of that.

That is just leaving so much on the table. See, a lot of creative, you, you want or need often a lot of creative to scale, because there are a variety of different marketplace segments. There are a variety of different segment clusters. There are a variety of different microsegment clusters, and we wanna find the winner, like the winners, the big ones that we can ride. It, it, it reminds me of, and then I'm gonna be quiet.

I'm gonna let you guys, you know, chime in and, and if, if not, that's, that's really all she wrote for today. But it reminds me in a lot of ways, right? Something similar to this is just a, a, a, a kind of a broken down, you know, approach to this. But, you know, it reminds me of something that, um, that, uh, I think it was Mark Ford that first shared it with me, um, this idea that, you know, like ultimately in the direct response business, the bigger businesses, so I'm not talking about the small solo entrepreneurs that are doing a million, 2 million, 3 million. I'm talking about the companies that are, are scaling and scaling big, that ultimately we are in the hit business, right?

And you guys have heard me say this before, this is what, right? This is what was shared with me. We're in the hit business, similar to the way that music producers are in the hit business, right? They're not meaning that they're not in the business of merely, you know, uh, merely just cranking out songs, right? Like, they're not gonna, they're not making their fortune from as many songs as possible.

They make their fortune from the hits, from finding the hits. And in order to find a hit, or to have a hit, I should really say, right? They, they put out a lot of, a lot of music, a lot of tracks, and then by putting out a lot of tracks, they're able to find or hopefully have a, um, a hit. And then when they do, they ride that hit out the wazoo. It's kind of like, you know, it's, it's kind of like, you know, I, I remember, you know, oh, Mary Ellen Trivi, who, uh, originally worked very closely with Mark at Early to Rise many, many years ago, super smart marketer.

She had said, you know, like, it's you, you know, if you were choreographing, uh, a, a a play a show on stage, right, for people to watch, and then you find a hit, right? What do you do? You take that show on the road and right. And now you, you, you go, you go from city to city and you, what you don't do is right. Go and create another show and work on work on the next thing, right?

But oftentimes what happens is, right, it takes a lot of shows to find the hit. We're doing the same thing, except when it comes to, right, apply it now to ads, right? And so this is now, like, we don't, we don't, we can guess at, or take an educated guess at, um, what's the right, you know, marketplace segment, what are the best segment clusters? What are the best, you know, micro segment clusters, et cetera. But the reality is, is that right?

In this business, we wanna let data drive our decisions, right? We wanna let, we wanna let the data drive what it is that we do. And so in order to do that, right, we need a, a variety of different creative, four different marketplace segments. 'cause we don't know which one is going to be the best. We don't know which marketplace segment is going to respond the best.

Same thing with, right? The segment clusters. We don't know which ideas, right? We could take a stab and say, out of these three possible ideas, we think this one is going to be the way to go. Like the angle, if you will, the narrative, the storyline, the premise that we're, we're bringing, right?

Like, again, we, maybe it is differentiation. Maybe that's not the right angle. Maybe the right angle, right? Is, you know, uh, um, the right angle is, uh, uh, excuse me, is, you know, CTR is ad performance. Or maybe the right angle is talking about conversion rate.

Instead of talking about, you know, just differentiation. Um, and then, right? And then we don't know what hooks are going to, like, we might find that, right? Wow. Those, that the, the segment cluster of, uh, what was I gonna say?

Of, you know, coaches that are struggling to acquire new, um, new clients, right? That they're responding really well to this idea of, you know, this can fix your sales. This is how to fix your sales conversion rate. Now, let's find the micro segment clusters in terms of the different hooks that work with that segment cluster, right? In that marketplace segment.

And that requires a lot of creative, that requires a lot of creative, recognizing that, right? Like, that we don't know until we get the data back. The beauty, and then I'm gonna be quiet, the beauty today is that, and this is kind of a different, this is a, a, a a different, this is, this is in line with what it is that I'm saying here, but it's an additional lesson, if you will, that, and I can't believe that I'll, I'm, I'm saying this, right? So, uh, because it's related to ai, right? But, you know, uh, the days of copy, um, and creative, if you will, being the bottleneck in a business are over those days are, are over, or at least should be, right?

That copy, um, and creative should no longer be the bottleneck because we've got tools like AI that when used properly, can give you more copy, more good copy to test, um, faster than right? Than we could implement. And so I'm sharing that because there really is no more excuse today. Like the, the, see, the thing is, is that today we've got the ability to test a lot and then really let the data tell us what works and to do it quickly. Whereas we couldn't do that before because right.

Human beings, copywriters only had so much bandwidth, and so we were the bottleneck. But that bottleneck, right? Has been removed. And so before where we had to really kind of narrow things down and make a decision about where we were gonna, you know, like what, what was, what we thought was the bullseye today, we no longer have to guess at what we think the bullseye is, or take our best guess or best, after all that research, we're still gonna do that, right? We're still gonna start with what we think is gonna work best, but right.

We can test what we thought was second best, third best, fourth, best, right? Um, very quickly today, for example, John knows this, right? Like, we're not just, you know, we're not testing, we're one advertorial at a time. Like we're pushing to test five advertorials out of the gate. You know, like that's ultimately what, like right?

John and I are working on, you know, uh, with WWG, right? For example, are pushing the test five, you know, we're not just creating one backend, uh, campaign. We're creating one backend campaign with five different leads and testing them outta the gate. And the beauty is, is that when you apply the same thing here, you're able to pull so much more out of the market because we're going after different segments, right? Clusters, microsegment, clusters, um, and we're also to, we're also able to quicker identify the winners and then ride out the winners.

And the thing to understand the final piece of this is that for most of, I, I, I can't say for most of, I'm gonna say for, for the, the majority of the big businesses that I get to see behind, if not behind the curtain of, if not all of them, they will, I'll just say this just for impact. Uh, it's not exactly this, but it's 80 20, meaning that they identify the 20%, the winners, they right? With a lot of creative that drive 80% of the, uh, of the revenue of the scale. And so, right? So when you think about that, right?

They're finding the winners and those winners, those, you know, the 20% or less, right? Drive 80% or more of the revenue. And in order to do that, a lot of creative slicing and dicing. And so there you go. What would you guys add to that?

Uh, add to that, ask any questions? Anything that you wanna throw out? Yeah. So Todd, uh, in relation to the, can you pull up the chart again? Yep.

Just in relation to the, um, the segment clusters, would you, would you say, 'cause how we kind of look at that now, and I, I love how you've kind of mapped it out from top all the way down to micro. I think it may really makes it like clear and systematic in terms of how you might look at it, but say the, the segment clusters, would you, would you look at splitting those out by say the, the symptoms that they're facing in their everyday life as, as it relates to the, the offer, as it relates to the solution? Or would you go like a level deeper, or would you go, um, higher than that? What do you mean by a level deeper? So, so, well, would you go, like, say for the segment clusters, would you say, okay, we have, let's say we have a total addressable market, we're splitting, let's say we split that into eight segments, for example.

Yeah. Just, and eight is just a, a random number I've chosen. Yeah. And then out of those eight segments, each of these segments, here's five to eight symptoms that they're facing right now as it relates to the product or service that we're promoting. Yeah.

Like, would you, would you do that way? Would you do it a different way? Um, so I don't know if it's as cl in every market, if it's as clean as that, but the way the, what you're saying is absolutely is spot on, is following this, it, you know, it's not, the reason why I say I don't know if it's that clean is because not every market, you know, is it not every, in, not every instance are we problem, you know, focused, problem driven, right? So it may not be symptoms, it may be more desires, it may be more outcomes that they want. Um, it may be more identity that they want.

But the answer is, um, the answer is that if there are, let's say, certain symptoms that they're dealing with, um, you know, if there are certain outcomes that they want, um, if there is certain identity, you know, that they want all of those, right? Could be segment clusters. All of those could be segment clusters. And so, right. I don't know, you know, like, look, you, again, you could go back to, you know, like, look, you know, oftentimes you, you could take, again, let's just go back to the online marketing world, right?

There are, we obviously know that there are a variety of different types of individuals that make up that, that universe. And I don't just mean, I don't just mean, right? There are coaches, there are consultants, there are, right, there are some people that are serious business operators trying to grow a serious company. They're thinking about exiting, blah, blah, blah. At some point in the future, there are other people that are like, they're doing this as a side hustle, and they're just thinking about making an extra $2,000 a month or something like that, right?

Um, and right, some people might respond to the idea of, um, of the prestige of having your own company, right? Uh, other people might respond to, um, you know, finally be recognized as one of the A players. Some people might respond to the more logical, you know, um, finally fix the p and l in your business. Other people might be, right, like, imagine cash flowing into your bank, right? All of these things, like if you really think about, right, the amount of diversity within a marketplace, and I mean, diversity of thought, diversity of desire, diversity of pain, um, you know, uh, as well as diversity of identity, of diversity of segment, you realize that like oftentimes we, we do this planning.

Like, this is the person that I'm going like this, this, this, this, and this, and that's it. And then, right? We live and die by that when I don't know if that's the best. I, I don't know. I've said many times before, I, this is, I could tell you what I believe, what I think will work best, but I don't know.

And right, sometimes, you know, it goes back to that Bill Bonner quote that I've shared with you guys, you know, before, right? That we're, we're, we're not in the why business. We're in the what business. Sometimes I don't, I don't know why, right? Like, I can't understand why something works.

Sometimes I'm shocked that something worked that I didn't think it was gonna work, and I can't quite put my finger on why. But the only thing that really matters is what works. And again, when it comes to media buying and ads, it's important to recognize that like, man, we don't know until we test it. And the beauty is, is that today, right? There's no excuse for not testing it because, you know, bandwidth from a human being is no longer the, is no longer the issue is no longer the bottleneck.

That's all that's, that's gone today. And so, yeah, that's why, like John, when we, we were doing this exercise the other day, Michael, John, myself, and, uh, and a few others on the ww g team, and we were talking about all of the different topics that, you know, like, you know, we're talking about, like, to keep it real simple, you know, we were talking about a finance related book or a, you know, a wealth building book, right? Well, right. And knowing what is covered in this wealth building book, well, again, the, you know, the typical marketer might just say like, how to grow wealth, how to get wealthy, how to get more money, right? All of those kind of things and all various iterations of that same idea, right?

And, and that's who they're going after. But right, we know it could be how to grow wealth for women, how to grow wealth for people in their early twenties, how to grow wealth when you've graduated, when you've just graduated college. How to grow wealth when you've got student debt. It could also be, now, let's go even deeper. It could be how to, how, how to grow, how to get out of debt.

Excuse me. How to get out of debt. That, that we could go with the debt angle. How to get out of debt. If you've got, you know, got college loans, got, you know, blah, blah, blah.

It could be that. Um, it could be the impact of debt on your life, your stress, your health, your marriage, all leading to the same, to the same, to the same book. It could be, right? We could have another, you know, uh, retirement, it could be right? Like people that are now, now let's go back.

It could be people that are, you know, retirees and that are worried that they're gonna run out of money. That's another angle that we could go with. And we don't know what audiences, or in this case, marketplace segments and what segment clusters, what ideas, retirement, debt, uh, you know, uh, um, um, that sort of thing. Or leaving your kids, you know, uh, an inheritance or your kids' kids, right? And, and we don't, and, and then we don't know what microsegment clusters right there are gonna be like, we don't know.

Like, is it, you know, should we test, you know, like, again, we don't know. And so the beauty is right, is that through creative and through this approach, we get to identify, um, those winners, um, and then ride them. Make sense? Yep. Any other questions?

Any other comments? Nope. You know, like, again, you know, like you, you think sometimes like, man, you know, the o the other thing is, you know, that you get to really learn about the marketplace and, you know, you could make the argument, right? That, you know, you, you could make an argument. And this is just worth kind of pondering that I would rather know what ads, you know, what people respond to in terms of media.

Um, like I'd rather start there and then go to the marketing message rather than start with the marketing message and go there because like a great marketing message that doesn't get traffic, that doesn't have the audience isn't gonna produce anything. But if we know what we can get a ton of traffic for, we can craft the right message to convert those people, right? And so if we know, man, like what, you know, what's the ad that, what's the ad campaign? The angle that we think right? Would produce, or, or through testing we identify that would drive a ton of traffic, man.

Like, that's a much easier game. 'cause then I just gotta figure out what to say to those people to convert them, right? But if I got a great message and I can't get people over to that message, doesn't matter. And so think about it. But there you go.

That's all she wrote for today. I'll see you guys next week.
