---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-01-02 17:45:46"
date: 2024-01-02
duration: 58m
duration_seconds: 3495
vimeo_id: 899304705
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-01-02 17:45:46

**Date:** 2024-01-02 | **Duration:** 58m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So today, uh, as I mentioned in Slack, what we're gonna talk about, uh, is we're gonna talk about the big needle movers in a campaign. And really, this isn't, uh, you know, for, for you guys, especially the team members, for you Adida on here live and the rest of the team watching the recording. This isn't gonna be anything new, but I think that this is a good reminder of, uh, of what really needs to be focused on in order to move the needle in a campaign. And the reason why I chose to kind of share this today, at the beginning of the year, this is our first marketing training of the, of the New Year.

And so Happy New Year too, to everybody, um, is because, um, I think, you know, uh, very easily we can get caught up in the minutia of a marketing campaign. We can get caught up in editing the third sentence of the fourth paragraph on the fifth page of the VSL. As I've said so many times before, thinking that that's the main reason why conversions aren't there, or engagement isn't there, or interest isn't there, or whatnot. And we know that that's just not the case. And, you know, other times we can get caught up in thinking that design or button color or button shape, or the size of the button is the, you know, is the, is the thing that's gonna change, uh, you know, is gonna take a campaign from being a loser to being a winner.

And that's also not the case. There are a lot of things that we can test and do to optimize an already, you know, well performing campaign. But when it comes to, um, the big needle movers, the things that are ultimately responsible for, uh, that can make or break a campaign, those are the things that we're gonna talk about. And it's an important kind of reminder lesson because I wanna make sure that everybody continues to focus on the big things that move the needle, the things that are of most importance when it comes to, uh, having a home run campaign. And so, I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna share my screen, and then we're gonna go through a very simple, um, slide deck, one slide that I put together for you, one slide in addition to this one.

And so, uh, hopefully adida, you can see my screen. Good. Awesome. So, like I said, we're gonna talk about, uh, the, the big needle movers. And these are not in any order of priority.

Uh, and so I don't want you to think that the first one is more important than the third one or anything like that. These are just the big needle movers in any marketing campaign. And so, the first one that I put down on the list, ironically, I wasn't sure if I was gonna include on this list, but I do think that it is, uh, valuable, and I've actually talked about this recently. And so the first one is, the first big needle mover is the pain level of the problem being targeted. And really the emphasis that I really wanna put on this here is that I think a lot of marketers can often get caught up in, in, uh, promoting solutions or promoting outcomes, promoting benefits, um, that are more luxuries rather than solutions to a problem.

In other words, I think that what's important to remember is that ultimately what we're selling in terms of products and services are solutions. We're ultimately paying for the production of a result of an outcome. And so, as I've said many times before, whether that is a pain point, a frustration, uh, you know, an obstacle in your life, or whether it is an unfulfilled desire, those are both categories of problems. And it's an, it's enormously important that you are crystal clear on what the problem is that the prospect has, that the prospect is aware of, that the prospect sees as a, you know, as a pain point, whether it is true, you know, true pain, discomfort, or an unfulfilled desire. Um, and it, and it is something that they ultimately want solved.

First and foremost, we wanna make sure that we're targeting a problem and we're clear on that. And the problem that we're targeting is a problem that we know the prospect has. The prospect knows they have it, it's painful for the prospect in some form or fashion, and the prospect wants it, it's solved. And so, if you look around at a lot of the marketing campaigns online today, especially the ones being created by new marketers, uh, new to the world of direct response and funnels and all that kind of jazz, you'll often see a lot of promises being made in their, in their copy. You'll sometimes see a lot, you know, a lot of benefits.

Um, you'll see a lot of the results, the outcome, what this will do for you. And oftentimes, it is not in any way, shape or form attached to resolving or solving an underlying problem that the prospect has. It would be, in other words, they're ultimately making an offer for something that would be nice for the prospect to have, would be a luxury for them to have. In other words, it's kind of like you often see this with, you know, um, let's say, um, new like graphic design software that, that comes out and, you know, or new software on like JDZ or these, these these, uh, you know, uh, offer platforms. And they're talking about all the things that their new software can do and all the whizzbang features that it has.

And, and sometimes the benefits tied to those features, but there's no real underlying problem that they are targeting. And so ultimately, their entire marketing message is based on something that would be cool, something that would be a luxury to have, but is not a necessity, is not resolving a pain point for me, is not right, is not solving anything. It's just giving me, uh, um, a positive outcome, so to speak. And, um, and that's not to say that there are, that, that's not to say that there's not room in marketing for those kind of promotions, but they don't do nearly as well as the marketing campaigns and promotions that are addressing an underlying problem that the prospect has, that the prospect knows they have, that the prospect is experiencing pain with and that the prospect wants resolved. Right?

And so we've often said, you've heard the expression before, often, and I think it was Gary Zoga, who one of the greatest copywriters ever in the direct response world, uh, talked about it, was the idea of a bleeding neck problem, right? A bleeding neck problem. That is the idea being conveyed is the more significant, the more extreme, uh, the problem is, the more valuable the solution automatically becomes, right? The easier it is to sell when a problem is potentially catastrophic, right? When not addressing the problem, not solving the problem can lead to catastrophic consequences.

It's, excuse me, it's much easier to sell the prospect on a solution compared to when there is no underlying problem that's being solved when you're just offering benefits that would be nice to have for the sake of having them. And so, adida, does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, it does. Totally.

Yeah. Okay. And so, what's up, Teddy? What's up, man? And so, you know, I, I think that, that, that is an important distinction, right?

And it, it was funny because I was debating on whether I wanted to include this, you know, on the list, but I really feel strongly, especially based on campaigns that I've had the chance to review over the last six months, I think that sometimes marketers can forget that ultimately, right? What is most valuable in the eyes of prospects is a solution to a problem is when they've got an underlying problem that's causing some level of discomfort, whether it be because there's a pain, there's a discomfort, there's an obstacle there, or it's an unfulfilled desire. And we're solving that compared to, like I said, the marketing campaigns that are, um, that are, you know, just offering a, a benefit that would be nice to, to have. I'm seeing more and more people forget the power of addressing a true underlying problem. And the more severe the problem is, the more top of mind the problem is, the more catastrophic the problem is if it goes unresolved, right?

The bigger the needle mover the campaign has the potential to be. And that's an important thing to really, to really consider, especially because, right, this is why it's so important, and you've heard me say this so many times, that this is why you have to keep your finger on the pulse of the market. This is why, right? You have to keep your finger on the pulse of the market, because problems today can disappear. The things that are problems that are bleeding neck problems today may no longer be a bleeding neck problem for your marketplace as a whole, the majority, the masses in six months, in eight months in a year, right?

And so you've gotta keep your finger on the pulse to really understand what are the problems that they're having right now? What are the most painful problems? What are the most costly problems? What are the problems that are potentially catastrophic that if they don't resolve them or solve them, it can lead to significantly painful, um, consequences. And so this is really important.

Go ahead, Teddy, you were gonna say something? I was just gonna say, you know, it'd be, it'd be interesting to have like a, like, like we have the problem awareness pyramid, right? But it seems like, it seems like there's a need for like a problem intensity pyramid too, meaning like what you just said, right? There's, there's the existential problem, like, if I don't fix this, my business will fail, or I'll go bankrupt, or whatever. Um, and then there's the other kind of urgent, urgent, but important problems that need to be done.

But then there's also, like, I think of, you know, Joel's thing about the tried and failed problems. Yeah. Right? Like, like those seem to be pretty, pretty intensive too. Sure.

So, and just knowing where to rank those and, and, and how to kind of structure those. But that's a great, that's a great idea. I, I, I think, right? You know, what popped into my head, um, uh, when you started to, to, to chat Teddy was, you know, thinking about, uh, you know, your expertise in the area of, you know, all things tech and whatnot, and thinking about, let's say the, you know, people talking about the Google update, and you'd be able to explain it a lot more, uh, succinctly than me, like the update to email at, you know, the email deliverability, right? And you think about, think about somebody that's selling a, a service or a product, whatever it may be, on how to get your email, right?

So that deliverability, you know, remains great, versus somebody that's selling really nice email templates that'll make your email look professional, right? Well, like, if you're, you know, while there may be people that buy that, I'm not saying that there's nobody, I'm, I'm, I'm not saying no one's gonna buy those email templates, but the email templates, unless they're truly resolving a significant underlying problem, what's really being offered is something that would be nice to have. Like, it would be, it would improve the experience, it would make us look better, but it's not solving a painful underlying, um, problem that has, you know, catastrophic consequences if it goes unresolved. Whereas the email deliverability certainly can have catastrophic consequences for online marketers that do anything with email. That's the difference between, right?

You can still put together, you can still have a list of benefits and promises and, and results for, for both of those, for the templates and the email deliverability. But the fact that one is addressing an underlying problem that has potential catastrophic consequences that you can touch on, excuse me, and offer proof for, and really is a bit top of mind for mm-Hmm, uh, certainly a, a large segment of the marketplace, right? And deadline, that's deadline driven. Yeah. You know what I mean?

A deadline driven. Exactly. That's great point. Another great point. That is, so to me, that's why I decided to add this to the, um, to the list of the, the, the needle movers, the big needle movers, the the next one.

And, and like I said at the, at the start of, of this, this is nothing new. All of these we've talked about in, in some way, shape, or form. But what I said at the beginning, Teddy, was that it's important to, you know, I I, I think this applies to both marketing and in business in general, it's very easy to get caught up in the minutiae of, we need to update the homepage of our website, right? We need to have better formatting on our blog, things that are nice to have things that we should do, but aren't necessarily big needle movers aren't the big needle movers. And we never want the big needle movers to, um, to come second to the little minutiae things that, um, that are out in front of us that we'd like to do, that we, that we might see as important, uh, but not necessarily big needle movers.

And so the next one on the list is, uh, I said the arresting level of the idea hook, but really what I wanna focus on, uh, uh, here, I, I, I wanna talk about, like, look, at the end of the day, you know, it's interesting because the idea, the hook, the angle behind the marketing message can make or break a campaign because it'll make or break whether people pay attention to it, it'll make or break whether people click on the ad, right? Whether people will actually engage with the VSL. What gets said in the lead of A VSL, um, is often gonna determine whether people say like, yeah, I need to hear the rest of this, or, uh, this is worth me hearing the rest of this investing my time. And so the idea, the hook, the angle that you use, the narrative, the story, whatever you wanna call it, right? And there's all different approaches to how, how to do this, right?

An idea is not the same as a hook, right? It's slightly different. But there's hooks, there's angles, there's all these things. The, the, the, the quality of that, how well that grabs attention because it's something different, because it's something new, because it feels fresh, because it feels timely, because it's not the same thing that everybody else is saying because it's a different angle or different story, different viewpoint, different perspective, right? That those things are critical, right?

Like, those things are critical. Does this apply to every single marketing campaign? Of course not. This doesn't apply, right? If you're running a buy one, get one free deal, right?

You're not gonna have an, an arresting hook or the, the buy one get one free is probably gonna be in the lead, the headline, and, um, and so forth. But when we're talking about education based front end, front ends, whether it be a webinar, whether it be a VSL, whether it be a multi-part video series, I believe more than ever, the, the idea, the angle, the hook, again, whatever you wanna call it, is more important than ever because there's so much noise out there, and there's so much repetition in terms of what's being said. There's so much of the same stuff being said over and over that I think that in, in, certainly in, in this market, not all markets, but, um, people are looking for a reason to ignore stuff. They're looking for a reason to ignore stuff. It's kind of funny because I think that there was a time in our industry, this is going way back, but there was a time in our industry where people were excited to get messages and see ads and watch VSLs and whatnot.

They were looking for things, they were looking for reasons to engage. Now, I believe that people are looking for the fastest way to see whether this is more of the same, whether this is, whether I can ignore this and move on, because there's so much other stuff that I can be consuming. And so that comes down to the power of what's a different way, what's a unique way, what's a fresh way that, that, uh, a fresh perspective, a fresh angle, a fresh narrative, a fresh hook that we can use to grab attention, that's gonna make people stop dead in their tracks and engage with the campaign. And that's the whole purpose of the idea, the hook, the angle, and so on. And so, I believe that, you know, I believe in the, you know, especially in the, um, coaching and consulting space, I believe in the, um, in the marketing info product and training space, this is so critical today because there is so much repetition.

There's just so much of the same out there that, um, it just enables people to almost default to ignore, default to ignore. And so the quality of the idea, hook, angle, anything that you guys would add to that, or ask, or, or, or include. Nope. Good. Next is the, the newness and uniqueness of the mechanism.

And here, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go on record, right? And, and talk about this so publicly here for the first time. So, um, two promotions that I worked on that I did not include a recently, that I did not include a mechanism. So when, in this context, when I say a mechanism, I'm really talking about a framework, a process, a system, you know, a methodology, um, to follow. Uh, I left out the mechanism.

I didn't include the mechanism because I felt that, um, incorrectly. I felt that the underlying content was strong enough to not warrant a mechanism. And really, I would say that in all transparency, there, there really wasn't an underlying mechanism. So there, there wasn't an underlying mechanism. Uh, I mean, in one of 'em, I probably could have worked to figure out what the mechanism was, but I made the mistake of thinking that the quality of the content was strong enough to not warrant a mechanism.

Neither campaign did well, and that's, uh, saying it lightly. And so, neither campaign did well, I believe, and right, and I actually had a chat with our buddy Rich Efrin about this. And he brought up a very, uh, a very similar, um, point. I really believe wholeheartedly that what people, what people want mechanisms. They want a system, they want a process.

They don't want a bunch of ideas. They don't want a bunch of content that they then have to figure out how does it fit together? And, and what gets done first, second, and third. And, you know, like, uh, uh, can I, is it a buffet where I, I'm picking and choosing, they don't want that. What they want is a system that can bring them from where they are to where they want to be, a system that produces the result.

A system that is duplicatable, right? A process that they can follow. And I believe just from this, I, I've always really believed this, uh, but I believe it that much more when it comes to, um, training and information, especially in this, this particular space. But I would say that any space that is crowded with a lot of, a lot of different offers, it is critical that you have a mechanism as the backbone of what is producing the result. And not just random tips, tricks, ideas, moves that you made, things that you implemented, but a system.

And so, uh, I would really go as far as to say that this is why I think that it's, it's so important to when thinking about products, that you really almost thinking about new products, uh, especially in the information, you know, the training business. I would say that it's critical that you, when you come up with, let's say, when you start with what are the problems that the marketplace has? What are the most severe problems that they have? You know, can we resolve that? Do we have the information that we need, like the, the, the, the, the solution, the course of action to solve those problems that we can equip people with?

But I would take it one step further before beginning a campaign. And do we have, is, is there a methodology in there? Is it, is it packageable, so to speak, as a mechanism, as a solution, a complete solution from A to Z? 'cause if the answer is no, I would not move forward with it. And so, does that make sense?

Yeah. But let, let me ask you this, 'cause I've been thinking about this a a little bit recently too, right? Like, so we're, we're not saying necessarily that you always have to come up with a new mechanism for each campaign. And what I mean by that is like, let's take E five, right? Like E five is a framework, a system, a process that can be used to solve a variety of problems from not getting enough leads or not getting enough customers every day, or not being able to afford cold traffic, right?

So what, and when I go back and think of like, you know, what, basically what Agora does with newsletters of just putting a, you know, a new idea, but selling the same mechanism per se, which is the newsletter, right? Yeah. Um, so is that the right strategy? Should there be a core mechanism that the business uses as its primary differentiator? And that is what is promoted in most campaigns as the mechanism, like, Yeah.

So, awesome question. So first of all, you're spot on in that, um, you're, you're spot on in that the mistake would've been, let's say, going back to E five, the mistake would've been, of course, if we, if we didn't, if we pulled out EEE five, and we just talked about like, you know, we're gonna teach you a bunch of different ways to create a camp. Like, we're gonna teach you a series of, you know, things that you can do to get, to get more attention in the marketplace, to create engagement. We're gonna teach you, you know, how to do this, how to do this, how to do this, and never packaged it as a mechanism, as a solution, as a process, as a methodology. That would've been the mistake, right?

So sometimes you, you know, sometimes you have like, look, sometimes, lemme see how I can explain this, and then I'll an I'll address the second part of your question. So sometimes you can have a lot of information, a lot of great information that is not, um, that's not really a system, but it's just a bunch of great information. I'm gonna give you a real example here. So, um, let's take, um, copy legends. So copy legends is an example of just by the nature of the gathering of, you know, the couple dozen top copywriters, right?

Copy legends is an example of there is no mechanism in there, right? Right? Like, there is no mechanism because you're hearing perspectives from different people, great information, great insights, student of copy, you know, incredibly valuable. But there's no mechanism, there's no methodology, there's no framework, there's no, this is a bunch of great ideas, um, that you can then use to improve your copy. That's an example of like, great information, no mechanism.

Um, uh, what was I gonna say? Um, and so, uh, again, I'm gonna go that every promotion needs, uh, I wanna be careful here. I, I would say that in an education based campaign, that, uh, in most education based campaigns, you should have a mechanism. Does that mechanism have to be a new mechanism for every campaign? Absolutely not.

Look at Jeff Walker, for example. He's had the same mechanism for, you know, whatever, you know, two decades or something like that at this point, right? It's the same mechanism, comes up with different campaigns. He comes up with different, he does different live streams, he changes things up. But ultimately, at the root of every campaign is the same exact mechanism it is PLF.

Look at, um, up until really just a handful of years ago, look at Ryan Leveque. He also had the Ask method, and that was at the root of all of his campaigns, right? He, you know, he had whatever, all of his launches and whatnot, was the same exact mechanism. And so, um, so what I would say is that if you have a, if, if you have a company that has, let's say, a small product suite, a fairly small product suite, um, and is built around ultimately the same kind of methodology, let's say, if you have a product suite, and it's all, you know, it's, it, you, you know, you have, you have a complete system, you have a part of the system, you have a, a test for the system or, or something like that, you can use the same exact mechanism over and over and over. The thing that you're gonna change is the idea, the hook, the angle, and maybe the offer, but the mechanism, the root, right?

The think about the role that the mechanism plays. The mechanism is the reason why a prospect can ultimately feel comfortable knowing that they're gonna get the result. It's the mechanism that is responsible for producing the result, right? And so, what people don't want, I believe, right? What people don't want is they don't want a bunch of information.

They don't want a bunch of random things to do where they're picking and choosing. They don't want a buffet. Even though we think that people, oh, they love to choose what gives them the confidence to believe that they can get the result is a proven, reliable mechanism that they're gonna follow from beginning to end, not right. This is why, like, you know, you teach 'em the, the, the four day cash machine or whatever for email, right? You, you teach them the four day cash machine.

You don't teach them just a random, random bunch of ideas for how to improve their email, right? People don't have the confidence in the application of that. What they have confidence in is that proven, reliable, dependable process in this example, the four day cash machine. And so that's the power even of, let's say, taking something like the four day cash machine and naming it the four day cash machine, right? Mm-Hmm.

Call, just calling it the four day cash machine. Now, you can't always do that, right? You can't, the, the opportunity to take the content and package it as a system isn't always there. Like with copy legends, right? Like with copy legends, could I have tried to say like, there are five elements that you need, but it just didn't feel right to me to do it that way.

'cause it really, it really wasn't a process. It was a bunch of great information from a bunch of great copywriters. And so I believe more now, more than ever, that showing that I've got a new and different way for you to get the result. I, I believe wholeheartedly, I, and I'll, I mean, when this changes, I'll be the first one to tell you, but I believe wholeheartedly that the single most valuable part of a marketing campaign, especially like an education based call it front end campaign, um, the single most valuable part is being able to show them that I have a new, different and better way for you to get the result that you want. It's different from what it is that you've tried before.

It's different from what it is that you, you, you, you're, you're hearing it's different from what, what's out there, what makes it different is X, Y, and Z. And here's why That produces a better result for you, better, faster, easier, cheaper, whatever than everything else. I believe that that is the single most important part of a marketing campaign today, because I believe that that's what people are looking for. That's what they want. They ultimately wanna know what is, what's new and different about this compared to everything else that I've already heard.

No. And right. What makes this different and what makes this better? Period, That'ss, my and how important, but how important is new, right? Because I, that's what I'm, that's where I'm going to, right?

Like, again, like, like walker's got a mechanism that's worked for 20 years. We've got a five that is like, it doesn't Have, well, so okay, new. Yeah, let's, so let's define that. It doesn't mean new that like, it's not, it's new to the prospect. Got it.

It's not new, like, in other words, right? It's new to the prospect, right? So the fact that, like, look, if I say to somebody like, you've never tried this before, right? Odds are, you've never seen this, seen anything like this before. You've never tried this before, right?

Like, for you, this is brand new, right? And so, like, to, to some people that, you know, to the people that never heard of PLF, which has been around for 20 years, you know, proven track record the whole nine, it's new to them. It doesn't have to be new. Like, I just invented it yesterday. Got it.

Okay. Um, and so that's really why, you know, almost, you know, unique, you know, unique. This is different from what it is that you've tried, right? Um, uh, therefore it's new, but, and it's superior, right? Mm-Hmm.

And I'm gonna show you and explain why it's superior. Now, you can apply that to like, I'll, I'll tell you, you know, like, um, Caleb O'Dowd is a great example. He, he takes things like, um, let's say when he took the how to do a launch with like a Facebook group or something like that. It was like, how to do it, right? How to do a launch with a, he was like, that was unique, right?

It, it was different from what most people were doing. And he was able to explain and show you what made it so much easier, so much, excuse me, so much quicker and so much more profitable than anything else. And by the time he was done, you were like, dang, this is crazy. It's killer. That's, that's what I mean.

And so, um, mechanism in line with that, I think it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be complete if I didn't include the speed and ease, right? And this isn't always like, look, when you, when you're, when you're the speed and ease of the solution, how, how fast does the solution produce results? And how easy is it to use the solution to get the results? What kind of work? What kind of effort is it gonna involve on my part?

Um, and, um, and how fast is it gonna work? Now? Like, look, when you're dealing with an existing product, you know, some of this is already baked in. It is what it is, right? If you've got a, you know, like some of this is baked in, some, sometimes solutions don't work, uh, um, uh, rapidly, right?

They, they, they work a little bit slower. Therefore, we're not gonna talk about speed. We might talk about safety or reliability or consistency over time. But it's important to recognize that right, wrong, or indifferent, what people favor is fast and easy is fast and easy. And so when, like, look, if you've got a, look, look at this for one second.

If you are targeting a severe problem, a significant problem with potential catastrophic consequences that the prospect knows they have, and the prospect desperately wants to, to, um, to solve, we've got a compelling and arresting idea to get their attention to kind of stand out in the, in the sea of sameness, right? And we introduce a mechanism that is unique compared to everything else out there, right? And it works quickly, and it's super easy to use. You can see why the campaign is compelling. You can see why it's of interest.

It doesn't mean that they're gonna buy 'cause there are other, there are other things that we're gonna cover here, right? It doesn't mean that, uh, it doesn't mean that they're gonna buy for sure. But the point is, is that people favor, people favor, um, fast and easy. This is why a great, the, one of the, the, the most valuable things that you can do with a list like this is when you are brainstorming new products and new promotions, you look to see how this can be engineered in there. So when you're looking at, when you're creating a new product, and you're right, ultimately part of the creation of that product, when you see a problem that the market needs to, uh, that the, that the market wants to solve, and you believe you've got the knowledge, wisdom, power, you know, uh, um, assets, whatever it may be to solve that, well, it's at that point that you have to start to look at, is there a mechanism in there?

And how fast and easy is the mechanism to use, right? Because can we make it faster? Can we make it easier to use, right? Because from a marketing perspective, those are things that the, um, the market desperately wants. We know that, right?

Like slow and hard is not attractive, right? The slower, the slower something works, and the harder something is to use the less and less attractive it becomes. And so I think that that is a, um, it's a big needle mover. And another, another aspect of this that I think is important to understand is that sometimes these things aren't even addressed in there. In other words, the speed, the speed of which something, uh, produces the result or the ease of using the solution never gets addressed.

And so, sometimes, sometimes it's then left to the prospect to have to think about and, and kind of connect the dots of how easy is this thing gonna going to be to implement? Do I need to know certain things that I don't know? Am I gonna need to hire somebody for help implementing this? Right? Like, and so it's important to cover that in the campaign.

Make sense? Mm-Hmm. Good. Yeah. The next is something that we talked about a handful of, of weeks ago.

And, uh, and that's believability of claims, right? The believability of claims you could make, you, you could say in here, the believability of the argument, the believability of the claims, the believability of the benefit statements that we're making in here. The believability of the promises, right? At the end of the day, we know that if people don't believe the claims that we're making about speed, about ease, about what this thing is gonna produce, about the outcome, the result, all that, they're not gonna buy, right? It doesn't matter how, how wildly compelling something is or how wildly compelling we think it is.

If people don't believe our claims, if they don't believe what it is that we are saying, if they don't believe the outcome's gonna occur, they don't believe that it's gonna, that it's gonna happen quickly, or they don't believe that it's gonna be easier. They don't gonna believe that. They don't believe that they're gonna lose 11 pounds or what, or whatever it, it's, they're not going to buy. And so this to me comes down to really two, two core things here. Number one, it is proof, evidence, support for the claims that we make, right?

When you make a claim, back it up, right? Don't expect people to believe it, just because you're claiming it, it doesn't, it just doesn't work that way, right? People want some sort of, of, of, of evidence. They want some sort of support. I'm not saying everybody, there are people that get crazy, emotional and rabid and hyper and just buy, right?

But we're talking about like, big, big, you know, big needle movers. You have to make sure that your stuff is believable. And so part of that is when you're making claims, right? That you offer some level of proof, some level of support, some level of evidence. And we've covered in, you know, times many, many times in the past.

You know, how like you can use certain things, of course, like, you know, real evidence, like research, like stats, all that kind of stuff. Um, you know, um, you know, testimonials if you will, but you can also just use reason why. The reason why is what's the rationale, right? The, because the ra and then give the, the rationale, but you need support. What you don't want are these empty baseless claims throughout the thing, because then you're just expecting prospects to believe it, um, because you're saying it.

And I believe that UL ultimately, and I think that Agora is amazing at this, um, and it's what made me fall in love with the idea of a marketing argument, is that they're pr, they're, they're proving, I, I would say that they have more proof that I would certainly say this is the case. They have more proof statements than they do benefit or claim statements. So oftentimes they could make a claim, you know, and they could have two, two proof points. Sometimes they could have three proof points, uh, but at a bare minimum, they have one proof point always, right? So they have 1, 2, 3, so they have more proof points, you know, more support and evidence, um, statements than they do benefit and claim statements.

And that's because they're piling it on, right? Like, understand that, you know, if we make four claims about something, the most important thing is that those claims are believed. And so, right? This is why it's important to have proof, evidence, support. I would say that if you, you have a claim that you don't have proof, evidence, or support for it, then back off the claim a little bit.

In other words, reduce the claim. So to a point where you do have proof, support, or evidence. And if ultimately, no matter how you reduce the claim, you don't have any proof, evidence or support, I wouldn't include it in there, right? Because you're just opening up a point of doubt in the marketing campaign, and you do that enough, like, eh, eh, eh, eh, and then, all right, I'm out. This is hard to believe.

And so believability of claims make sense. And then the final one is obviously the offer. And I think we've covered this, you know, more times than, uh, you know, we don't need to go, uh, deep into this. You know, I think the offer is, um, is obviously incredibly important. The, the interesting thing, and I I I think I'm comfortable really saying this out loud, is, um, is that I think that when it comes to, when it comes to the re the reason why most marketing campaigns don't work, I wanna be careful here.

The reason why most marketing campaigns from most online marketers in our kind of online marketing direct response space, the reason why their campaigns don't work is not because the offer is just p**s poor. Because I think that there's the ma the majority of the market has p**s poor, um, offers. Uh, I would say that the re the reason people are bailing well before they get to the offer, so the majority of people never even see the offer. And that's because I believe that, uh, I believe sometimes it is right? The, um, campaigns don't work because the idea is just not arresting.

It's not new, it's not fresh, there's nothing compelling about it. And so they're paying an arm and a leg to get clicks on their ads. The economics are completely thrown off because of that. Um, it could also be because in the, they, they click on an ad, uh, they go, and the idea being unpacked in the lead again, is just, it's more of the same. It feels like more of the same.

Uh, I would say that, you know, um, having, not having a mechanism in there and proving the claims about the mechanism, right? People bail. Like, I, I really think that the core, the big thing is that, is that so many people are losing prospects before they even see the offer. And so the offer is not the issue. The way that they're communicating the underlying idea, the message, the mechanism, the argument for the, um, the, the, the mechanism, the way that they're framing and presenting the solution, is it, is it, um, fast?

Is it easy to, um, to use? I think that all of those things combined are why the majority of people struggle online. I really believe that with their marketing campaigns. And so, anything that you guys would add or ask or include in this list? Uh, yeah, I was gonna ask, uh, how about the writing?

Oh, pad, I can't hear you for some reason. Hang on one second. Lemme see. It might be my, Uh, let me see this here. Yep.

That's why. One second. Yep, go ahead. Mm-Hmm. Now I should be able to hear you Adida.

Can you hear me? Yep. Yes, now I can. Yep. Cool.

Yeah, so I was wondering about the writing style itself or the telling style, like, for example, it's boring or there are no open loops or something like that, and they can do, yeah. Yeah. I mean, look, I, I do think that that's important. I don't think that that's a big, like, I don't think that's a huge, uh, I don't think that's a big needle mover. Like, you know, having open loops.

Like, I don't think the open loops are gonna make or break a campaign. I certainly think, excuse me. I certainly think that, thank you. I certainly think that, look, you know, an argument can be made or a discussion can certainly be had that I believe that when you use hyped up exaggerated language, that the believability of the overall message gets tainted. For sure.

I believe that like, when it is almost, when it's transparent that this is an aggressive marketing or sales message, I think people, people see that, they feel that their guard goes up more. They're, they're, you know, less likely to believe. Um, you know, what, what someone is saying, you know, like, you know, uh, it's almost like, you know, when you know that you're talking to a salesperson, you know that what they say to you is it's tainted. It's tainted because you know that ultimately they have an outcome, they have an objective in mind, and that objective is to get me to, to buy something. And so I know that, right.

Their language is gonna be manipulated a little bit to lead me. It's a little different than, let's say, maybe when I'm talking to my, you know, my doctor, my primary care physician, where I don't feel like, you know, I feel like he has my best interest in mind, um, and he's gonna give me the options, and he's gonna tell me what he likes. I just feel like it, my guard is not up with my doctor the same way my guard would be up with, you know, uh, a car salesman or something like that. And so I definitely do think that, um, languaging, uh, is, um, is a factor, but I feel like, I feel it's a factor because it impacts believability. It, it, it impacts like acceptability of the message.

It impacts the way the message gets processed. It, it, i I do also believe that it impacts the credibility of the, the person behind the message, right? Because, you know, you know, when you feel like, you know, you're, you know, loaded questions are being asked and you're being led somewhere and it's totally transparent, and they're using hyperbolic, exaggerated language and all these kind of crazy adjectives. Yeah. It's just like, it's hard to trust, it's hard to fully trust what it is that you're reading because you know that they're, they're, they're not, it, it doesn't feel like they're just presenting the facts.

It feels like they're manipulating you. Mm-hmm, right? Mm-Hmm. And so, um, it's why sometimes honestly, like for me, you know, like, I enjoy watching the news personally, but I don't like watching any hard left or hard, right? Because right on the hard left, nothing on the hard right?

Excuse me, nothing the left does is, is good. It's all bad. It's all, uh, hard left, nothing the right does is all. And so I know that, right? They're picking and choosing their words a certain way, they're presenting it a certain way, they're framing it a certain way.

And so I just don't trust it. I don't like, you know, my guard is up. I'm looking to find the flaw in what it is that they're, they're saying. And so I think the same, um, you know, the same applies here. I also think, you know, going back to for one second, the, you know, look, I I, I, I certainly feel like, you know, when you are, you know, like, look, if you bore your prospect, yeah, you're not, you're not gonna bore them into buying, right?

And so I think that we have to certainly be conscious and, and aware of how tight the copy is and the momentum in the copy, right? We talked about like, the velocity of stuffs, you know, you know, there's new information kind of coming at them quickly. Um, but I, I really feel like, I don't feel like that's a big needle mover the way, let's say, not having a mechanism in a campaign is a big, you know, or not, not even thinking about the idea or the hook, the angle, just rolling with a promise. Especially if it's a promise that, you know, has been made multiple times in the marketplace. Like, I think that, that that'll kill a campaign.

Or, you know, not having, um, you know, not addressing, man, this, this sounds painful and difficult to use and implement, uh, not having proof in your thing. Like, yeah, I think that these things are big needle movers Mm-hmm. In a, in a campaign. I, I, I almost think, you know, look, I, I think, and I wanna be clear about this, so I, I think that, look, if you have an unbelievable offer, like if you have an offer that is a true no-brainer, you know, we throw around the word irresistible. I even throw around the word irresistible, you know, no brainer.

I, if you have a, and I, and I think that, you know, I think what people, you know, we can very easily say, I'm, I, you know, I put together an irresistible offer. And when you look at it, it's like, it's an, it's an offer. There's nothing irresistible about it. It's, you know, it's pay 49 bucks today and get the product. And if you don't like it, there's a guarantee that's not an irresistible offer, that's a common offer in the direct response world.

I think, look, if you have a ridiculous offer that makes it, um, so that, like, the prospect legitimately would say, why wouldn't I do this? I, I can't lose on this. I only, I can only gain, I can't be hurt by this. I can only gain from this. It's not gonna, it's not gonna take much of my time.

It's super easy to say, yes, it's super easy to have done. If you have that kind of truly irresistible offer, then you can lead with that. Like, I believe that the right offer, if it's truly a no-brainer, like where, and, and in order to be a true brainer, it's got to, like everybody else's offer is here, and yours is, you know, yours is here. It's like, we're gonna install new windows in your whole house. You don't have to pay anything, right?

Like, you don't even have to be home for it. We're gonna be done in two hours. Um, we're gonna leave them in your house and you either save an additional $2,000 on your electric bill over the next quarter or something like that, or you pay nothing and we'll write you a check for your electric bill for the next year. Like, right? That's an irresistible, that's a ridiculous offer that people, you know, like, why, why wouldn't I do that if I was in the market for Windows?

That kind of offer you can lead with. I wouldn't bury that with, uh, like, I would be thinking far less about any of these other things, and I would lead with that offer. The problem is, is that what it takes to create an offer like that, that is worthy of, uh, of being the focus of a marketing campaign takes a lot more than what most people realize. And that's really based on what's already being done in the marketplace, right? Like, what's being done in the marketplace, and what we're talking about when we're talking about that level of an offer is not an incremental improvement over everybody else's, right?

It's not like everybody else is offering a 30 day guarantee. We're gonna offer a 90 day guarantee, right? That, that, that's, that's an incremental improvement on the offer we're talking about. If you've got an offer that is like, it's a complete no-brainer, it's truly a no-brainer where your prospects say, why wouldn't I do this? Like, what's the catch?

Like, I can't lose on this. I can't be hurt on this, right? Like, I cannot lose, I can't be hurt on this. Um, that's the kind of thing that you can, a, you can absolutely lead with. Other than that, other than that, what, what, uh, what I would say is other than that, these other things are more important.

I know that that's like today, these other things are more important because what we're seeing more and more of is the majority of people are never even seeing the offer. They're never even getting to the offer, so to say, and to think that the offer is the issue. The offer is the reason why people are, um, are, you know, are not buying or their, their metrics are, you know, their KPIs are whacked, um, is ridiculous if people aren't seeing the offer. And so I believe that, that you either have to be head and shoulders above everybody else, not an incremental improvement on the offer. At which point, if you have something that's head and shoulders above everybody else in terms of the offer, you can lead with that, you can shine the light on that, right?

Other than that, if you've got an incrementally better offer, then, right? You still need these other things. These other things are absolutely critical because you're not gonna lead or you shouldn't lead with merely an incrementally better offer. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does.

Definitely. Okay. So like, you know, uh, you know, if everybody's doing a buy one, you know, get one free and you do a buy one, get two free, that's an incrementally better offer, right? That's not, that doesn't make it worthy of leading, leading, like shining, you know, running that as an ad, like shine, you know, having that in the headline, focusing on that, um, you know, if you had get 10 free, pay nothing today, we'll send you a check for a thousand, send you on a, on a cruise around the world, and then only if you're in love with us, do you pay anything that's different, that's not an incrementally better offer that's a head and shoulders above everybody else better offer that you can lead with. So, does that make sense?

Yeah. Yeah. Mm-Hmm. Little bit. Mm-Hmm.

Okay. Teddy, anything? No, It does, it does. It's actually, it's very good. Um, uh, well reminder, like maybe focus on, you know, offer versus the rest of the things.

Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean, look, I, I do think that like, I, I'll be the first one to say, if you can come up with an offer that is truly head and shoulders above everybody else, that's the easiest path, right? Like, that really is the easiest path if you can come up with, right? Because you don't have to be a great copywriter to like, you know, you don't have to, right? If you can truly, but the, the, the point that I'm really ultimately trying to make is that, um, is that I don't feel it's nearly as easy as what people think or what people think is a truly, um, irresistible offer is really just an incrementally better offer.

It's right, like everybody else offers three bonuses. We offer four or five bonuses that doesn't make it worthy of leading with Mm-Hmm. That's not, like, that's not, that's not a game changing change to the offer. That's just an incremental improvement to the offer. Well, and what's interesting, like, just even thinking about that, like, 'cause if you think of like, like what's, what's a, what's a absolutely no-brainer errors, this full offer?

I thought you gimme $1, I'll give you three, right? Like, that's, that's something like, like yeah, ultimate, but, but that requires the, the believability that requires the speed and ease of the implementation that requires a big enough problem that I need to solve, right? Like, so everything above here, like all is what leads to an I like, 'cause you can't, they're they're all interdependent. Yeah. Like, you can't just have Yeah, no, you're, you're, you're, you're right.

You know, it's interesting, you know, and you're absolutely spot on with the, you know, give me a dollar, right? Like, you gimme a dollar and I'll give you three. Right? Obviously that's, you know, you think about that, that's irresistible offer. Like, you're, you're thinking like, why wouldn't I do that?

But the other thing that's really interesting, right? Is that for, it's, it's easy 'cause all I'm doing is sticking out my hand. It's fast, right? It's immediate, right? But now let's imagine that we played with it a little bit and we said, right, like, you gimme a dollar today and in three months I'll mail you $3.

Well, like, right, I believe that, right? You people would, there would still be people that would say like, alright, like, can I trust this guy? Like to do that? Like, is it right now, maybe we say, what if we did it where it's, I, you know, gimme a dollar today and in three months I'll give you $3. You just need to drive three hours to get it.

Like, well, okay, now that's effort, that's time, right? And so the, the proposition, the ch the $1 to $3 did, hasn't changed, but the speed and the ease of getting it has changed. And now it's not nearly as compelling. And so, right. And so it's, it's really interesting when you think about it in that light that how, how easy is it for me to get the end result?

And how quickly will I get the end result, you know, is, And it's telling me critical that you have a mechanism that will deliver that result. And that's still makes sense. Like, like, what are you getting out of this? Right? Because there's always things, right?

Yeah. And so, like, you have to explain, you have to make that argument as to why this, why I can afford to do this. Yeah. No, you're, you're absolutely right. Or you know why?

Because people will question like you, like you were alluding to Teddy, people will question like, is this legit? Am I about to get scammed? Is there some way I'm gonna get hacked over this? Like, what's a, you know, am I gonna get robbed tonight? Like, what's the deal?

What's the catch? Right? Because people are skeptical, they're doubtful. And so if we don't address that, we're gonna lose people just based on, I can't figure out if I'm being scammed or not. So I'm just gonna, I'm gonna pass, right?

Like, it's not worth it to me. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna pass, you know, the thing that's really interesting that I, that I'll leave you with, you know, once again, I just wanna, you know, I wanna say it one one more time, that you know that for a lot of people with their, with their VSLs, some of our VSLs, certainly our VSLs can be included in this as well. The majority never get to the offer. Mm-Hmm. And so again, right?

How do you, how, why would we think that the offer is gonna be the thing, the offer is the thing that's, that, that's causing us problems or the, the changing the offer is the thing that's gonna fix things. If 90% aren't getting to it, or 80% or 70%, whatever the number is, right? There's a reason in the messaging. Either it's not viewed as unique, there is no unique mechanism or that mechanism. It sounds difficult.

It sounds like it's gonna take long. It sounds like it's not for me, it sounds like it's not gonna produce what it is that I'm ultimately looking for, or, ah, this, this is questionable. Like there's so many, you know, there's so many claims in here and like there's no evidence or support for this almost sounds too good to be true, like hard for me to believe and so they bail, they just say, I'm not, I'm not interested. Right? So think about that.

There's something that's being said that's causing people to say, nah, like, I'm not interested, whether it's not for me, or I don't believe it, or it doesn't sound exciting, or it doesn't sound new. It sounds like a lot of work. It sounds like it's gonna be slow and they never even see the offer. And so did You have any sense as to why we differentiate from the proven direct response model? You mean the proven direct response model for making offers is the infomercial, right.

And the offer is made every 10 minutes. Yeah. And yet we don't do that. Well, I, I would say, first of all, I think that there's, there's tremendous lessons. You know, there's tremendous lessons that we can learn.

I think that there's some nuances to the medium, you know, like they figured out, you know, attention spans on TV and all, and all that kind of jazz. But I think that, you know, with infomercials, I think that, you know, they're, they're doing a dramatic demonstration, or at least, at least a demonstration. Um, you know, showing you what this thing could do and then, and then making the offer and then, you know, testimonials and then doing this kind of, almost repeating the same thing in a long form. Um, um, uh, what was I gonna say? Um, over and over.

I think there is a lot to be, to be learned from that. But I think that the thing is, excuse me, I think, you know, uh, a demonstration is in that demonstration. You, they're, they, they can show, like in the demonstration, they can show and explain the, these knives cut through steel and watermelons. Why? Because it's made of German steel unique mechanisms.

So they never need to be sharpened. Look at this. This is, you know, seven years old and, you know, and doing the thing and right. And look, boom, take it out and cut this, cut that cut. You can cut an entire watermelon in, in three seconds demonstrating speed, e all.

And so they're just able to compress the, the, the amount of valuable kind of persuasion information into a short offer. Do it again, right? Offer, do it again, offer. And so, uh, yeah, the demonstration Part, yeah, I didn't even think about that, but Yeah. Yeah, man, the, the, and it's really interesting man, talking about real quick and then we'll wrap.

Uh, um, you know, uh, it, it is really interesting if you, if you think about, you know, the dramatic demonstration rather than just a demonstration. If you look at most infomercials, this is what one of the things also I fell in love with years ago. You know, they'll, they'll take the most extreme use of the product, the most extreme use that the average user would never do, like, would never have a need for, right? Like, uh, um, and they'll show it in use to prove, well, if it works in that extreme situation, like in the normal situations, then I'm gonna be using this. Um, it's certainly gonna work.

And you see that almost with that, with, with every single, um, infomercial, whether it be right, like the, the glue and the dude puts it on his like thing and he's holding his d that one in the Flex Seal boat. Yeah. The flex seal on the boat puts it, cover the whole boat, put it in the water, or like so many things, the, the, the, the grill glove or whatever it is that where you can turn, you know, your hamburgers on the grill and they've showed like you look, you could run it over with a car tire and like, you know, like, you know, it's an extreme, it's a dramatic demonstration. It's not just a demonstration, it's a dramatic demonstration, right? When they take the knives and they cut through, you know, whatever, you know, a soda can or something or you know, or whatever it is, right?

They're showing you in a dramatic extreme situation how well this thing perf performs. Therefore, in normal situation it's gonna perform right? And so believability in terms of how great it is, right? That and all that done through a dramatic demonstration. It's just that for info products, dramatic demonstration is extremely hard.

Hmm. Yep. But there you go. Appreciate you guys hanging out with me a little bit longer than, um, normal. That's all she wrote for today.

Have an amazing day and, uh, and hope to see you guys next week. Thanks stuff. You guys. You got it.
