---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-09-19 16:00:54"
date: 2022-09-19
duration: 49m
duration_seconds: 2941
vimeo_id: 751320378
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-09-19 16:00:54

**Date:** 2022-09-19 | **Duration:** 49m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, buddy? How are you good, man? How about yourself, dude? Um very well very well had a nice weekend. I was gonna say man.

You have a good one a good weekend. Yeah, we took a buddy of mine out from Jujitsu. Who's our One of my professors oldest students been with been with him for like 15 years. Um, just a great all-around guy and he he retired from the police department and has moved up state. So we all took them out for lunch and kind of set our goodbye so of Bittersweet but you know, one of those things that was just fun to do made the weekend, you know, great and That's it man, how about you yeah all good kind of chilled, uh, relax a little bit did a bunch of reading so it was real calm quiet the way I like it and so a lot of fun man, but I'm excited to kick the week off I'm excited to kick the week off with you man appreciate you making some time to jump on with me all and so we'll try to keep this really as a fishing as effective I do want to before we dive in and talk about and really this is gonna be This is going to be a little bit more kind of fact finding for me really asking you a bunch of questions not necessarily looking for the right answer but just looking to see kind of what you're thinking where you're your head is at what you kind of Envision and then we will.

We'll go from there. But I just want a very quickly touch on the message that you sent me on Facebook about the the John Benson content and you had mentioned you said that you really thought that it could be valuable for us to do that for you for me for Michael to kind of share that stuff in the Facebook group. And so I was just hoping that you could share a little bit more about that like give me an example of what you you kind of could see what you were what you were thinking because I like the idea and I just really want to hear more from you of what you envision. Yeah, sure. I don't think it's anything unlike some of the similar stuff that you've done in the past with doing Facebook lives.

What I believe is that really the idea behind this. Is that just a short 45 minute to one hour. Either a copy pretty or a review of someone's stuff. I think when people see that right two things happen, I think it's really an eye opening experience for a lot of people including people that are quote unquote advanced. Savvy marketers and then the second thing that happens is I think you just opens up the door.

So first and foremost that provides value, right? The second thing is I think it opens up a lot of doors for opportunities that we could be leveraging to either move people into coaching or possibly move them into maybe lower ticket products and services and things of of that nature the way that I kind of envisioned. It was like we could have And this is really a good way to also create some momentum in the group is to have people. Submit stuff right every week and we choose a person once a week, right? We choose a person once a week and either on like a Tuesday night or a Wednesday night or a Thursday night.

Any one of us. I'm certainly willing to do it would set aside, you know an hour to two hours really with the goal of getting it done within 45 minutes to an hour and then maybe some Q&amp;A but really set aside two hours to go through someone's Existing campaign, whatever that might look like right and kind of just help them. It could be anything, right? It could be like what you did for John like just kind of working on his headline and making it more benefit driven. It could be looking at their lead.

It could be. Part of a unique mechanism interrogation. I don't know that we'd be able to do a full-blown one because it would just take too long but Any one of those things and I don't know. I don't know what that would look like in terms of do, you know do they submit something to us? And then we look at it and figure out what part we're gonna focus on or do we have them ask us specifically for help with this with a certain component of it that we work on but I think just when so people in this group definitely need help.

I mean they're out there they're asking for help. They're constantly asking for feedback from you feed back from the team and I know when you did this for Christian, who's the guy I'm helping now get to the end of this guitar campaign. That's how he came into. E5 coaching you and Teddy did that um review for him and he was like I'm sold, you know, and again, I just think when people when we demonstrate that when we articulate that and we show people what that looks like in real life like they're just they're Blown Away by it when I show clients. How I use E5 in living breathing campaigns that's such an eye-opening thing for them when they can see it in a completely different context than would it would it looks like out there.

It's just very eye-opening for them and it helps them really understand it and conceptualize it a lot better. And so I think with that when we're able to do that for people that just kind of You know, first of all again provides value for them, but really opens the door for them to want to work with us to install this in their business in some capacity or another. Okay. I I love it. I totally got it.

This is what I thought you were you were kind of moving towards and it's it's interesting. You know, it's it's um, you know often times I think you know, what gets neglected in the education mentoring apprenticeship development of people is the actual Hands-On in the trenches. Let's look at a campaign. Let's talk about what's wrong with it. Let's talk about what we would fix.

Let's fix it. Let's Show an example of and improved, you know version rather than just merely talking about Concepts ideas, um and methods, you know, it's it really it kind of never ceases to amaze me. How many times we can repeat the same thing over and over to people explaining definitions explaining how things work together explaining? What a big idea is or what a unique mechanism is and what they aren't and yet people still don't get it and I think that this is kind of intriguing to me interesting to me. I think that it's easy for us to do I think it does provide enormous value, which is important to me and I think that it does allow us to shine um through doing it and so um, I dig it how we actually execute on it.

Um, I think we'll be the easy part whether you know, like look I I think if we have people submit stuff and we just choose what it is that we're gonna cover being that they're not paying for it and it's and it's free. It's gonna be valuable regardless. I think the the figuring out how we can execute on this will be the easy part and executing on this will be the easy part. Um, so let me just think through a little bit and I'll probably pick your brain a little bit more through slack on. Maybe um how we can do something like this maybe together or with Michael whether we want to do it collectively as a group or whether we want to just separate it and have me do one.

You do one Michael do one Adida do one and then kind of just continue to cycle through that. We'll talk a little bit about how often we want to do these but I I like it. I dig it and I appreciate you you kind of bringing that to me and so cool. And so yeah that that campaign with with John was really just was really just a great example of how and this goes for myself as well how sometimes we can just be too close to something and just not not see what we are missing. Right?

So we're so stuck in this this Viewpoint this idea this angle that we just totally miss it. And so it's not, you know, it's certainly not a representation of copy chops or marketing chops It's just sometimes we each can get too close to our own stuff and then it takes somebody else saying like wait a minute. And so that's all that was really with John. Uh, yeah, and and so um, all right, so let's switch gears and let's talk a little bit about the let's talk about the certification. And so like I said, I really want to for now like, you know, I really want to keep this as a bit a bit informal obviously a bit more fact-finding for me.

There's no right answer. I'm not looking for you to give me the definitive answer. I'm looking really to just have a dialogue with you to really start the ball rolling as I've mentioned to you before. Or on, you know, certainly more than once but on our previous call. This has been on my list for years when I say on my list.

I really mean on my list to continue to discuss an unpack with Damien and with the team because and I want to tell you where this kind of really came from and I think I briefly mentioned it on the call. So a number of years ago. I stumbled across the Geno Wickman material that the dude who's behind the EOS the entrepreneurial operating system and I don't remember what I first consumed or what I where I first came across this stuff. I came across the stuff and there was this mention of working with one of their Certified facilitators. I don't remember the exact phrase the exact title, but that was the gist.

And so they gave a web address. So I went to the web address and there was a directory and I began to look for somebody and I found the perfect candidate that because I said, let me just work. Let me bring in a consultant to teach us this EOS process. And I found the perfect candidate. This was a guy who had owned like an ad Agency for a number of years and sold it.

Um, and then became an EOS certified dude or whatever turned out. He's in Delray in Delray Beach. I was like, oh my gosh, this is beautiful reached out to this guy and then we worked with him. For maybe eight months 10 months to get EOS installed and when I say we work with them we brought them in. I brought the team into West Palm in the The Boardroom for multiple eight hour days working with this guy and he had a very specific process that he followed.

First of all, he had a binder that he handed out to everybody in the room. He had a pre-done agenda and these were all I could tell these were all materials that were provided to him by the EOS company and so he followed he taught the exact process. He followed the exact process every every question that he asked us every exercise that he had us do um, every check-in that he used with us. It was all basically laid out for him. He had gone through a whole training protocol and then he became certified.

Um, He in that relationship what I believe was that. He paid the EOS people some sort of Licensing fee and then some sort of annual licensing fee. And I'm not sure the gist of of that relationship but then we paid him directly and we paid him. Well, so the guy got paid, you know, the guy got paid well now they might have told him. These are the things that you can offer as an EOS facilitator you get to price it.

However you want but these are the the things that you can offer. And so that's all he did any and he stuck to it that that process that experience and the way that that gentleman conducted our entire onboarding training implementation process was what got me intrigued about the idea of doing a certification and what I wanted to to do and this is where the idea originates from was a version of that and my thought process was and then I'm gonna I'm gonna ask you a question based on everything that I'm saying now. And my thought process was I wanted to take people train them on. The E5 method through and through I wanted to train them on equip them train them and equip them to get clients for the E5 method. And when I say equip them I wanted to create.

Specific offers that they could make to the marketplace give them the marketing materials that they could use. Um To get those to get those folks from the campaigns the lead magnets the ad copy for you know for Facebook for for YouTube. Um, and I give them pricing structure and then train them and equip them to be able to fulfill on those different things. So give them a process for you know, like let's say if one of the things that we train them on how to do was a campaign critique, you know, right? Well, we would we would give them all the materials to get those clients.

We would then train them and equip them to be able to deliver on that critique and what to look for in the checklists and the the, you know, all the materials and whatnot the score card that they would turn over all that stuff. And then there would be some sort of directory that we would have we would do some advertising for the directory. A lot of it would be internal to our own, you know to our own tribe since we get asked all the time for, you know things that we just don't provide. And uh, and and then like I said, there would be some sort of annual license fee. Maybe there would be an annual training live training in Orlando or West Palm that they come into but that was my thinking so very different like we talked about last call very different from the typical, you know, digital marketer certification or the typical certifications out there.

This would be almost a a business that people would have the opportunity to um to run and so my first question for you is is you know, and I know we talked about this a little bit last last time last call with all of us on there, but is that somewhat in line with your vision? It's exactly that's exactly what I was thinking. The only thing that I might have added to that which I think was kind of in line with you was saying is like a some sort of a slack group Community where you know, they can they can utilize us as resources if they need help with clients if they have questions about campaigns, you know where they're for ongoing support with them. But I mean, other than that based on everything you said, I mean you pretty much ticked every box that was in my mind. Um, I was even thinking like We we in providing them with what they need.

We could even provide them with like you like like your social proof like the social proof that you have 45 they could leverage that. Yeah, you know to get new clients and customers if they're just starting out right because they're they're leveraging that the the testimonials and the social proof of the framework of the method not necessarily over the person, right? Yeah, so yeah, but that's that you pretty much ticked every box in terms of what I was thinking. Okay good. Um, and so right and of course the the nuances of you know, is there a slack group is there you know, is there a better something better than a slack group is there you know, is there more little elements to it?

Um sure we can we can unpack that but the overall Vision I just wanted to make sure I wanted to understand where you were at compared to what I was originally thinking and so I want to bounce around a little bit and so What role what role would you love to play in the in in this? So yeah. so for me I see myself and I know I know where I shine is in training people coaching people teaching people and helping people my my weakness or a part that I am not good at is developing Frameworks and developing, um, you know things of that nature which actually this is a before I get into that. I wanted to ask you this question. So I guess I'll ask it now is um, where does Michael fit into this equation?

Um or and have you put any thought into that? Um, so look, you know, let me let me write so this is totally informal this is being recorded but this is being recorded for me you and maybe Damian okay. Um, and so that's it. But um, look, you know a couple things number one. I so right now I'm open to anything.

I'm open to exploring like I'm open to like I'm open to anything. I'm very loyal in that I just want to see our people from you Michael Chris Damien all the people that are are part of our family. I just want to see people make money. And so what I you know, and and experience fulfillment, like I want to see people succeed and Thrive and enjoy what it is that they do and love it. You know, I heard once before I think it was Gary V and I'm not a Gary V fan by any stretch of the imagination, but I heard Gary say something once before that has always stayed with me and he talked about this idea of You know of of people on your team that would fight for the logo right?

When what he meant was people that like would stand up and fight for the truth about the brand about what it is that we stand for about what it is that we we do and I have a deep appreciation for those people and so I'm always looking for opportunities for our people to make more money. Right? Like I'm not a very Money Motivated individual I have enough money and it's not to say that I don't I wouldn't like to make more but it's I right and so my point in saying that in this context Paul is that if there's an opportunity for Michael to be part of this and contribute cool great if there's not if this opportunity just doesn't if it's not appropriate for Michael or it doesn't fall like it's not it's something completely different and it's just yours and ours and you're the guy that spearheads the whole thing then Is also okay, so I'm not set on anything. Okay, so I'll tell you why I asked that question and and you know being that this is an informal conversation. We're just like shooting back and forth.

So when On that call when you mentioned. A potential partnership. Yeah, I kind of got the impression that Michael felt kind of side stepped. Um when you said that and so when we got off the call part of me was like elated Insight I was like, wow, I have an opportunity to possibly Partner with Todd and Damian in some capacity and another part of me was like damn. I kind of feel bad for Michael.

Like I I think he might have felt like he was like sidestep but then I thought out you know what maybe that's just my imagination but recently him and I did a call on something else and at the end of the call he mentioned it. He said, you know when Todd brought up the certification thing to you. He's like, I've been telling Todd he should do that for years. I don't and let me jump in for one second and say, um, I don't I don't that may be maybe I don't ever remember Michael mentioning that okay. Okay.

That's the only reason that's like so you know, this is this is one of those things where it's you know, like I am the last thing that I would ever want to do is have Michael feel like he was he would sides he was sidestep, you know, I would before I allowed that to happen if he was interested. Um, I would figure out I would cut him and then Right, I would cut him in and I would make him and I would happily I would happily do that. And so I love Michael and he is incredible at what he does and I truly value him enormously. Um, and so that's the last thing that I would want with that being said, um, and it could be me, right it totally could be me right I get pounded with things with people telling me things like no one's business and so he certainly could have could have said that I just don't ever remember Michael. Um, really really sharing that I and so in my mind right in my mind.

I always say like look if somebody I'm on our team comes up with an idea and really spearheads that idea then I'm gonna take care of them and they deserve to to you know to earn a chunk of money. And so but if Michael feels like then I will figure we could figure out what role Michael will play to to have a piece of of that. Does that mean that like look in my mind? Let me let me just throw something out. I don't know what the split would be.

I don't know what the split would be. I don't even I don't worry about that. I don't handle that. We can figure that all out. That's not like I've never lost a partnership because somebody wanted more than I was willing to give right.

I've never had that. Um that being said that's a Damian thing and so right that's a damn thing. But in my mind, I do know one thing that you know, if there is a person that's fear heading a project. They're gonna be the one that is most taking care of Right, so in my mind, right like ultimately if you said, you know. Todd I want to own that that brand like I want to be I want to own it meaning I'm gonna you know, like if you said to me look Todd, you know, potentially, you know, once that thing once we get rocking and rolling with the certification take me out of my coaching role in, you know in in E5 AA and anything on that end and let me just focus solely on this.

I'm gonna run this we're gonna grow this we're gonna blah cool. I don't know what that means. I don't know what that looks like that to me is is different from somebody that just says I want to contribute x to the project. Does that make sense? You know, I'm rambling a little bit absolutely makes sense.

Yeah, and I'm well, so I'll say it to you now. I absolutely want to own this. In fact, I I shot like three different videos. Explaining how I felt about this whole thing to you and Damien that I was going to shoot out to you. Um before we agreed to have this call and what I said specifically in it is that I'm willing to own it and I'm willing to be I'm willing to spearhead it.

I'm willing to do coaching calls. I'm willing to travel out if you know would need be to do these if we do these in-person things. Like I'm willing to own it 100% Okay all the training. Any kind of training that's involved any kind of branding that's involved where I where I would need help and that's why I asked about Michael is because I'll tell you what, there are. There are there are three things that I believe made me.

An effective coach right first is your framework. Okay, because in my opinion You without a framework. You have nothing right? Then you're just one of these guys, you're a guy that gets on the gets on calls and makes people feel good about themselves, right? You don't really have what it takes to.

Get them results right second thing is I think my ability to communicate which I've worked on for a very long time, right? That's like what I teach people and the third thing is The mini Frameworks and the trainings and the formulas that Michael has come up with right like in my mind. He that is his unique ability is like he is able to assimilate information that I would what would have in my head and he knows how to take it out and kind of just break it down into something sequential that really makes it easy for the coach to shine. Yeah, right truth be told without the stuff that he's given me. I wouldn't be nearly as effective as a coach as I am without the stuff that he's given me, right and so I do think that would be an important part of this entire of this entire thing, right?

Oh for sure for sure with I think Michael is better Michael is far superior than I am at formulating, you know ideas approaches into you know, implementable Frameworks and so I couldn't agree with you more what that means. In terms of his role whether he is paid to do that, you know, like he's paid to do other things, um, whether he gets an additional salary to do that or whether he does it as a you know, with a percentage of the net on the business. I don't know but I can certainly I can assure you that you know, the aim is to to you know, they're look a lot of what we do on the coaching side is gonna be done on the certification side times 10, right? And so I again, I don't know. I don't know exactly what that'll look like and hearing you say that Michael really felt like, you know, he wanted um, he had mentioned it and was a little disappointed that I I didn't offer it to him all I'll take care of that and then we'll figure out together collectively man.

Like what that looks like. But at the end of the day, um, Michael couldn't own this because then it would require that Michael can't own the other side and in my mind, right? I don't I don't know. What is gonna happen. What we're gonna do with E5 AA over the long term.

We may continue to you know, in my mind. I I would like to see us continue to help people. It may you know, the certification might far out Pace it I don't know and so right Michael can't own this because he owns that And so does that make sense? Absolutely. Yeah, and so okay.

Um, so like in terms of like the logistics right like that would all have to be worked out right? But but what I could tell you is and I I think I I said this in top one when I was there is like when I started my business not not when I was copywriting and doing direct response for other people when I started my own info publishing business my goal at that point in my life was complete autonomy, right? My kids were little I wanted to create an information business that was generated passive income that allowed me to do what I want when I want not have to be accountable to anybody else not have to be at a certain place at a certain time call my own shots and all that jazz, right? So that's one reason why I never ventured into the coaching aspect of my business the second reason why I never ventured into that side of my business is because if I'm being a hundred percent honest, I never felt that what I teach people Is measurable enough for me to feel confident about charging High ticket prices. Now, I know that could be a limiting belief because there are certain there are lots of persuasion coaches out there that charge lots of money to teach people that stuff but for me a measurable result is more sales a higher conversion rate a higher performing order form a conversion rate Etc right higher opt-in rate.

And so because that was never measurable enough for me, right? I never felt Confident in moving in that direction right when it comes to coaching and I never taught marketing to people because I have there are plenty of people that came through my info funnels that were marketers, right? Like when I was running that street persuasion thing. I was getting all types of copywriters and marketers coming through I never tried to to do any kind of coaching with them for marketing because I never felt like I could ever deliver anything remotely close to E5 and I always felt like I would be it would it would be some copy cat water down version of E5 that just is not the real thing. Right?

And so when this opportunity came and I'm at a different place in my life with my kids are bigger now and I was like, you know what this is something that kind of ticks those boxes from me like I could feel I know this framework works, I believe in it. This is something that I I would feel comfortable working with people on and I got to tell you man. Like this is really like in for me. This is like one of the most fulfilling things I've ever done in my life like this past year and a half or whatever it is like I enjoy this so much. I love it.

I love being part of the team. I really feel like I'm part of something with you guys. Um, and I want to contribute more and this is where I see that happening. This is where I really feel like I can add the most value. And also really shine and be comfortable in my own skin really knowing that like what I'm delivering is something that I truly believe in right arm.

and so like that that's you know, I know that's kind of like it's not maybe like the most business savvy answer but I don't listen men. I love it man. It gets me emotional when I hear you say that honestly, I don't know if it's age. I'm getting weak in my old age Paul. I think but I I love it man because that's really what it's what it's about.

You know, when when we say, you know, like look man, you know, I we're in the business of changing lives. That's why I do what I do. I just happen to do it through marketing, but I'm not you know, like I have no interest in just selling something to sell something to have a big business to make a lot of money to you know, that's just never been my thing man. I love the success stories that we get. I love seeing people's lives, you know changed and to know that you know that you're getting you know, tremendous fulfillment doing that part of something that you feel proud of that you're excited to do it and that you're changing lives to me.

That's that's why we do what it is that we we do, you know for what it's worth man. Let me you know, let me say this right and I don't I don't say anything that I don't mean man, right? I never say anything that I don't mean. Um, so a couple things I think you're phenomenal man. I think that you know, I think you're phenomenal at what you do.

I think you know The passion just comes through you. I you know unlike anybody else on the team that resonates with people man people feel that from you. and you know There is there's not much difference from you know, there's not much difference between you and me. Right and you and there really isn't, you know the masses in the online space think there is for whatever weird reason right like but there really isn't and so at the end of the day, you know. I just was able to see some things that maybe others also saw likely others did see and I was just the one to put it together and and and teach it that's it man, right?

Um, yeah, and so I I got into business. I became an entrepreneur for the very same reason that you articulated a couple minutes ago. And that is for autonomy to just be able to do what I wanted when I wanted with who I wanted, you know, take the day off when I wanted all all that and so, um, You know the the and I'm rambling now, but the the other thing that I just wanted to mention was, you know. There's this there's been this ongoing conversation ongoing debate. If you will in our company for years now between me and Teddy and Damien kind of straddling the line and it has to do with something that you said about offering coaching not offering coaching, you know, a tangible result that warranted coaching.

You know, Teddy is always been a proponent of you know, it's all about the ROI for people right? It's all about the ROI like, you know, people want their willing to spend two grand or three grand or five grand or 10 grand or whatever. The number is for a you know for a very specific Roi and they need to see that Roi and it's all about the ROI and everybody cares about the ROI and spends because the ROI And while that is certainly the case for a lot of people there are an enormous amount of people do that are are they understand the value of learning and growing they believe that one day it's going to come together for them in terms of when they when they when they understand a little bit more when they gain a little bit more insight knowledge wisdom a little bit more experience that some great, you know, something great is gonna is gonna happen for them. And so there are people that you know, we have people some of our best clients. They're not huge implementers.

And so it's not about the ROI for them. They get massive value and growth and motivation in new knowledge. They get slight improvements here there they feel more confidence with that right? And so you got to be very careful in. In just saying that you know, unless you can provide a very tangible specific linked Roi to what it is that you're doing that that it's not, you know, it doesn't have the value enough to offer coaching because I would debate that because the stance that I take is the one that I just presented that there are a lot of people man that that I've spent a lot of money with us and continue to buy and love what it is that we do and they publicly talk about how great we are and yet they've never shared a single case study with us.

I don't know where you know, I I don't know what they could have done gone on to do tremendous things. Um, and there are a lot of examples man of people that you know, like Tony Robbins, I would say it's very hard to to say. What is the tangible Roi that I got from whatever his thing is, you know, and so just be careful with that man because you know people are willing to pay For expertise for guidance for right for coaching, even when there's not a direct linked, you know Roi or tangible return on that and so does that make sense man? Yeah, it absolutely does for sure. Okay, and so tell me a little bit.

And I know that this very rough and this is very early and this has been wildly helpful for me. Just hearing you talk about the wanting to own it, uh talking a little bit about, you know, your strengths lying and I wrote, you know, training people and and coaching teaching motive, you know nurturing. And not on the framework side. What about is there any sort of interest in managing people? And so like like let's say, you know, obviously with a certification certification program like we kind of described there would be a number of people involved.

And so whether they are solely dedicated to the certification brand or they kind of contribute from other other roles there there would be a lot of moving parts. My gut tells me that you're not really interested in managing. people that accurate I'm more I'm well, I'm more interested in training. Okay, that's what that's what that's really what I want to do. Okay.

Tell me a little bit about. Any have you thought it all about and I know this is a leaping way ahead. but any thought of price point on something like this. And if not, that's okay, too. I'm just curious if there is any I mean, I I thought about it and I was just kind of cross-referencing it with what?

People paid for AA what they pay for coaching, right? So somewhere in that seven to 10,000. Okay area is what they were paying for those. Services right. Yeah.

So are you thinking something like that or you are you thinking like my mind always goes to like? Like see see to me. This is like a superpower. Right when somebody understands this and really knows how to take it and implement it and install it in somebody else's business. That's a super power to me.

Right like it's a super power for me to be able to teach this to somebody like Kevin Rogers. and have him have I opening moments where him it's him and like four of his team members are on every call. Yeah, and they're Blown Away with the stuff that I'm showing them, but it's the framework. That's that's just I'm just articulating it and helping them. Kind of understand it better right but it's it's a superpower man.

It's like Jujitsu. It's like the when I teach people when I teach like these little guys Jiu Jitsu, I'm teaching them a superpower. It's the same thing right? So I don't know man. Like what's that Worth?

Right like in one one side of my brain is like that's worth like Tens of thousands of dollars right on the other side. It's like want to be able to scale it right in some capacity. So You know, I don't know. Could it be? Okay, that's alright.

I mean that's totally cool. Like, you know, we can kind of play around with it, you know in my mind I would say and I'm not again. I'm not married to anything and I'm not looking, you know, like look I'm a big believer in you know, I'm a big believer in you know, um, I don't believe in merely charging more because you can get it right like I'm not you know, I'm not looking to extract every last dollar that I can from somebody just because I can potentially um, but in my mind, I would Envision this like in my mind, this is a this is E5 a and a whole lot more right because we're ultimately right in this we're ultimately gonna Teach them the E5 method right teach them the E5 method so that they understand the nuances and really the reality is is that we're going to have to teach these people. I would believe the E5 method even more in depth so that they understand all the nuances and all the varying applications of E5. So you've got this sort of, you know, call it E5 coaching element in there.

But then you also have the business development training the business development resources the the directory if you will the feeding them, you know, like there's this whole other element that That you know makes it for lack of a better phrase a business opportunity right like a business, you know, this becomes like you know, and so I don't know, you know, I'm not again, I I don't know but in my mind I would think that if E5 AA is you know, let's just call it 10 grand for argument's sake that this would certainly be some number North of 10 grand. Um, you know, whether it is, you know, split into monthly payments for 12 months. It's a 12 month commitment minimum something like that. Um, and then really just the all of this matters in terms of in terms of really understanding margin. So typically let me tell you the way that we approach this and you could see how this is very very early to even have any more of a conversation about price but typically what we do is we decide what do we want to do for the client?

What do we want to deliver? What do we want to give them? What do we want them to experience? And what we do is we add up all the costs, right so we know exactly what it's going to cost us to deliver on on this program. And then from that we decide what is the margin that we want on this and from that we're able to determine a range of pricing right?

So what we don't want to do is we don't start with all right, we want to charge six grand for this and then all of a sudden we realize man, we've got 4800 and expenses in this and our margin on a you know on this is now minuscule. Um, yeah, and so it Really is going to depend on like when we when we flesh this out. Like are we going to send you know, we send every every you know, whatever we call them every certified facilitator. We send them a physical box with resources in it that they're gonna use to go through this experience. Right?

The Box could cost us 350 bucks or whatever it is or whatever. The number is right. We have to add up all of those things. Once we determine what we really want to deliver if there's a live event, right? What's the cost of a live event that we're gonna you know that we're gonna hold for them.

Is there going to be alive component to the training maybe what we do is we teach them me five over the course of three days plus right? So like we need to really we're gonna we're gonna have to get to a point where we decide. All right. So we need to train the money five. How do we want to train the money five?

Do we want it to be live? Do we want it to be virtual? Do you want to be live and virtual if it was live? Hold those trainings twice a year meaning that a new certified facilitator. We do it in cohorts something like that.

All of those things need to be need to be fleshed out, but we will will we will get there. And so that's really all that I have for today man in terms of in terms of the questions for you. You have any preliminary questions for me? Um, no, I think I think we're both on the same page. Yeah, man, I'm psyched and and I'm looking forward to it.

I I really am I really I I love it. I I love the idea. I think that it's it's been a long time. You know, it's it's really a matter of you know, this is in the the thinking stage of this the thinking the planning the kind of the plotting. The laying stuff out is where the most the most investment comes into play.

Right? Because it's really the term what would happen for somebody signs up and what happens first and what happened second and how do we train them on this? And how do we equip them on this and is everything provided like let's say all the all the resources that we give them is it all provided and click funnels. There's a provided some other way. Is it all of those little decisions have to get made but let me let me do this.

I'm gonna do I have a meeting with Damien already and I'm gonna make sure that we get we set aside an additional 45 minutes to really start to unpack this and then from there. I think I'll be able to message you back on Thursday and let you know we'll probably need another meeting and that meeting will be with me you and Damien to kind of lay out what the next steps would look like. Yeah, man, and just just let him know because then in the past when I brought this up is his concern was always bandwidth, right? We don't have the I have the bandwidth man I have so yeah, and that's the thing that right. That's the oh that is the thing and that's you know that goes back to the Michael thing.

And again, I'm gonna take care of my gold so don't worry about that. But that goes back to the Michael thing, right? There are a lot of good ideas that people throw throw my way, right but oftentimes they it's it's just an idea. It's like an idea and then hey you guys need to to do this and right we 80 20 everything man. And so they're right.

There's only so much that you can focus on right you can do anything. You just can't do everything. And so what what I look for is you got an idea you will and I like the idea you like the idea. Are you willing to spearhead it? If the answer is yes, then it can go to the next the next stage and that's where we're at man.

And so, um, I'm excited to hear that and like I said, let me meet with Damian and then keep an eye out for an email from me on Thursday by the end of the day and then we'll go from there. Like I said, we'll have another meeting. Of this and don't worry like, you know, you're not talking to Damien now and so don't worry. Alright. Alright sounds good, man.

I appreciate the time dude. Thank you for jumping on with me man. Have an amazing day. If you need anything in the meantime you slack me. Let me know brother.

Alright Todd. Thank you, man. Thanks. Well, you got it, brother.
