---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-03 13:01:07"
date: 2025-06-03
duration: 2h 7m
duration_seconds: 7626
vimeo_id: 1090152867
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-03 13:01:07

**Date:** 2025-06-03 | **Duration:** 2h 7m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Todd, What's up John? How are you? Good to see you, buddy. Yeah, likewise. I can't believe I, I'm so excited that, uh, what's up Damien?

What Up, TOB? I'm so excited, John, that I get you. And where is, let me just see, where is Brian on here? I'm so excited that I have you and Brian on the same call because I just constantly, I, I wanna know who sounds more like Conor McGregor, you or, or Brian on here. And I, I love, I'll Let Brian take that.

I, I do not wanna sound like Conor McGregor. I don't want, I really, I don't want either of you to sound like Conor McGregor, but nevertheless it is. It's a battle royale. What's up Nick and Megan? Look at you guys.

Oh my gosh. We got the full, is that the full crew? Yes. Oh, two of 'em are in watching tv. But you got the baby in us.

I love it. Adorable. Adorable. Well, let me say this real quick. So I'm, I'm thrilled to be on with you guys this morning.

Thank you so much for, for making some time, uh, for us. I'm gonna turn it over to Damien. I think. So Brian is here. Most important.

Keith is here. Michael is here. Good deal. And John is here. So Damien, for time purposes, kick it off, buddy.

Absolutely. So first of all, I appreciate everybody being here. Um, so good to see you, Nick and Meghan. Um, as always, you brother, um, you're probably wondering why is there such a huge crowd here? Um, and that is because this is super important.

This is more than a promotion. This is more than a, Hey, you know, this would be kind of neat. Let's try something is, you know, Nick and I, uh, and Todd have known each other for a bit, done some different stuff together. Um, he worked with John and our agency and, uh, hold on one second. I'm adding one more person to the call 'cause I just figured ten's a good round number.

So hold on one second. I, I was just about to give this amazing opening and now it's gonna have to be delayed. One second. Hold on one second. Wow.

Who is this mystery guest? Uh, Jeremy. Jeremy's joining us. Ah, so the reason this is more significant is because, you know, Rick and I have been talking for a while, um, just about, you know, he's done some really significant things in the space, built up some really cool stuff, and was just like, man, we'd love to just stay in our zone of awesomeness or, or, you know, impacting people, touching lives, doing what we do best, running a coaching program and helping other people build their own coaching arms. And we've been looking for somebody who has a platform or has a reach, and equally so is aligned in terms of value, heart, and mission.

And so as we got to talking more, we were like, wow, there could be something really significant here. Because on our end, uh, with wealth with God, you know, one of the things we've always talked about is we want to have more opportunities as our students get outta debt, get their hearts aligned with their law, the finances. They're like, man, I need a way to increase income. And right now our only option is real estate, which is amazing. Uh, but it's not for everybody.

Nobody, not everybody wants to do that and want to be able to offer some other options. And, uh, and I think this could be a perfect alignment even more so, you know, through our, you know, my years with Todd of coaching, uh, MFA clients, top one clients, uh, I've seen two things, but I've never seen them together. Number one, I've seen that faith-based businesses really have an advantage in the market because it's an underserved market. So when you could come through with a true, authentic, faith-based message, you really get legs on what you do. That's why I, I noticed what I've noticed very quickly with wealth, with God.

Why were we able to move the needle and why it was so exciting. 'cause I was like, man, the CPAs that the, the click cost is so much different than what we're seeing in the mass market. And what's interesting is we've seen the same thing in the female market because the female market is radically underserved, especially in the business and entrepreneurial space. Um, what I have not seen together, which is what gets me thrilled over the moon, which is why I packed out this meeting, which is why this is far bigger than a single promotion. This is what I believe is the start of an eight figure, eight figure venture together.

Eight figure plus venture is a faith-based, female based, uh, brand. Um, I think it's gonna be a phenomenal, phenomenal move in the space. Um, Nick and Megan have both a regular brand life on fire as well as she's wealthy. I really wanted to start, and she is wealthy because I really feel like it's gonna be uniquely positioned in an underserved market. Um, and honestly, you know, I know, I think we might have, we spoken, we spoke once, right, Megan?

Maybe? No. Okay. Just through the videos. This is our first time.

Yep. Okay. Yeah, no, like I, I'll just say, look, I've been in this game for over two decades. I, I think I'm pretty good at spotting, you know, rock stars and I think you're a rockstar. Like, you just have all the pieces, all the parts.

You're just inspirational. You have that deep level conviction, you're articulate the confidence level. And I'm like, my gosh, we take those two things of a faith-based female market. We have Megan at the front, and then we have copy Chief Todd and his, his wild, his wild lethal bunch of copywriters behind us. Um, I think we could build something significant, both, you know, for the Lord and from business perspective.

And so that's why we're all here. Uh, I also invited John here because John obviously is, is brilliant in everything he does. Uh, and he also was part of running, uh, some media on one of their last launches is launches. So I felt he might be able to give some really good insights in terms of whether it's ad cost, click cost, or certain hooks and angles. Because what we're doing really with this promotion, and then we're gonna kind of start diving into it, is there's really three things we wanna look at as we run this promotion.

So we're gonna run this promotion to our entire, uh, world inside of King, uh, of wealth with God. And so we wanna see, number one, how do our students respond to, she is wealthy, right? Our students that have been indoctrinated with our methodology, kingdom wealth building thinking. We wanna see how our non-buyers on our list, because, you know, we might have a list of 20,000 buyers. We have a list of 80,000 people that haven't bought yet leads.

We wanna see how they respond to she's wealthy to see whether sometimes people get on a list and the offer doesn't resonate, but a different offer activates them. And then we also want to invest in paid media behind this launch because we really wanna see what are the numbers. Ultimately, where this is leading is, if this goes as well as I believe hope and pray, it's gonna go. And we have as much I know we're gonna have fun doing it. Um, prayerfully, if it goes as well as I hope, uh, and believe it's going to go is this will then lead into, uh, uh, an acquisition merger, which he's wealthy, where they become a new imprint inside of Wealth with God imprint.

Meaning we'll have a front end book, we'll generate buyers every single day. We'll build it out. We'll cross pollinate with all our other brands and, uh, and we'll grow it and we'll, we'll put a GM inside it, uh, inside of it to run it. And so that's really where we're headed. So I'm shared all that because I wanna make sure you understand this isn't just like a, Hey, wonder if we can make some money off this thing, right?

This is a, this is the start of a very strategic relationship, um, that I'm, I'm very, very, very bullish on. Very, very excited on. And so what I wanted to get out of this call, and, and Todd might have some different stuff, is really wanted to take a few minutes, uh, for Nick and Megan, if you could just give a quick debrief of kind of she's wealthy, or Megan, if you wanna do it as well, um, of kind of where it started, where it is, what's been done so far, how it's been positioned. Then, uh, you know, Todd, uh, and the team, which, so nice to meet you team. You guys are amazing.

Thank you for all you're doing and I love seeing you guys crank with Todd. Um, they're gonna grill you with a bunch of questions and then we might, uh, come over to John as well to kind of really pick his brain on what he saw the cold market responding to, what kind of things really resonated, the comments we were seeing, so on and so forth. So, uh, you wanna kick us off Nick and just kind of give us a Nick or Megan? Um, I keep saying Nick 'cause I always talk to ne Nick and Nickers are holding a baby, and I feel bad we're already holding a baby. I'm gonna make you give a whole, uh, whole debrief here.

But either one of you, can you give like a can minute, like how it started, where it is today, what's been done with so far, and why you, you know, the results it's getting and why you feel it's unique in the space? Yeah. So for, for me, I'm gonna take it 2013, but not go longer than two minutes. So, uh, I was at You take as long as you want. Megan.

I'm a roll follower though, so you're like, alright, in two minutes. I'm like, okay, I can do this, I can do Record it. We roll with it. You roll with it. We're here to listen to you guys.

You roll it. We record on, we have record on this tv. Yes. Great. Right?

Can you get a blanket for her? Yeah. Quick. It's just in the laundry pile. Um, trying to get her to sleep.

This is like her first nap of the day. Um, so I was at a really low point. I've done all the self-help stuff. I was like newer to following God. And I was, um, at an a, a Women at Christian Women's event, and it was really my first one, um, in San Diego when I moved there.

And it was the end of the event and the pastor started prophesying over me. And, uh, I was just this broken place and she was like, I just want you to know that God sees you, he loves you. You may not have the, uh, love of your earthly father, but you have the unconditional love of your Heavenly Father. And that really just made me break down in tears and, and just resonated with me. My father, um, committed suicide when I was eight years old.

And as a result, I feel like he didn't have purpose and he didn't have anything to live for. So I made it my mission in life to help others ignite the, the purpose inside of them because I lost somebody in my life who didn't feel they had enough purpose. So I'm so convicted in what I do because I'm so anchored in that, and I'm talking like, this is 30 years later and I'm still, you know. And so that when, when she took, when she's prophesied that over me, it hit me and I just started journaling. And then I heard God say, I'm gonna equip you to become a 30, uh, Proverbs 31 woman, and then you are going to equip other women.

And I was like, uh, I'm really broken right now. Like, I'm not even anything on this character list of what a Proverbs 31 woman is, but okay, God, like you, I'm gonna obey, I'm gonna write it down. And I wrote it in a notebook and, um, it just sat in my heart for over 10 years. And the time, like came, like in that I met Nick, we met in 2014. So I met him a year, uh, like six months later, but just stirring in my heart.

And I, over time became the characteristics of what a Proverbs 31 woman is. And through that then it was like, I think it's time for us to launch like this women's, all the things that I've learned in business, all the things that I've, I've learned biblically. Um, I went to, uh, I did an internship, I went to Bible college for a year. Like I just was, I need, this is the time. And we had already gone into the Christian market in 2020.

And so in the end of 2023, we were talking about what's the name, what is it gonna look like, um, what are we gonna do? What are the things that we know? And through that we were just masterminding Nick and I and coming up with names, and we had all, all sorts of random things. And then God just put it in my spirit. Call it she is wealthy.

And I was like, that's not gonna be available. There's no way. And this day and age that like she is wealthy.com is gonna be Bill. But God said, and it was. And so I just feel like he like ordained all of these steps because originally I wanted to call it she captivates based on Isaiah 61, which is my life verse, which is the prophecy of all the things that Jesus is gonna do.

He's gonna, he's gonna set the captives free. He's gonna make, uh, beauty from ashes. And so all of that was like, I'm gonna call it she captivates. And, um, really getting to where wi where women want to be in this day and age is, is wealthy. Like the Proverbs 31 woman who, you know, she's an investor, she works well with her hands, she serves her family, her children and her husband call her blessed.

And so it really, uh, accumulated everything that I believe like a, a Proverbs 31 woman was. So then we took everything that we knew how to do, which was like, we're gonna do a free challenge, then we're gonna do an academy, and from the academy we're gonna do an event and we're gonna sell high ticket coaching. So we then took, that's the playbook. What? That's the playbook.

So we took what we knew and then, um, we had always, we'd been certifying coaches since, uh, 2017 and it's really was a heartbeat of my background and what I studied to get my life right. I minored in psychology and then I took, um, coaching courses in NLP became a master practitioner, all these things to honestly help me so that I could then help others. And in that, um, when I got pregnant, which she's a miracle from God and a five-year God story. And so we weren't, like, we were talking about getting pregnant, but we had already launched the brand. It was, I was the face before it was like Nick, then it was Nick and I, and then it was like me.

So, uh, through that, um, I needed to take maternity leave when I had her. And, um, we were trying to figure out how can I still serve my clients while I'm the way. And so we, uh, revamped our, uh, coaching certification program and it is probably some of my best work that's amazing to date that I, I've gone through and, and done. Now It's not your typical info product No, it's like a legit mm-hmm. Certification, you know, where it's equipping them, they're doing peer-to-peer coaching, there's the quizzes, like, it's just, she's put a lot of heart and soul and then has the years behind her of like how to certify a coach, how to help him create results.

So it's cool, she's done great. But that's, Lemme say this just very, very quickly. Let me just say this. Damien said it already, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna echo it. And so, so first of all, Nick, I don't think we need you anymore, uh, on this call at all.

I'm Gonna go do laundry guides. Yeah. If you need Anything, I can send an Uber Eats or something. No, Megan, you are. And, and, um, you and I don't look, I don't say anything that I don't mean Right.

Ever. Uh, and so you're, you are a beast. I say that with admiration and just massive kudos. You know, one of the things that Damien and I, you know, that we realized early on just from years of experience, you know, partnering with people and figuring out like, all right, why do some people not shine? And other people do that, there's a certain X factor that we look for where, you know, when someone speaks, people listen.

There's a level of charisma, there's a level of authority, there's a level of passion and belief, there's a level of, um, of excitement, of conviction. All of these things kind of coming together at an intersection in an individual. And it's extremely, extremely rare. But when it's there, it is just enormously impactful and powerful and you have that. And so it, it, you know, it's, it's so exciting.

And then to hear your story, um, I, you know, I had this mixture of I wanted to sign up and cry at the same exact time. And so just so good. And so I just wanted to share that with you, that I'm just so grateful for the opportunity for us to, um, you know, get to bring this message so far and wide, um, together. But with that, I'm gonna be quiet and, and, and turn it back to you guys. Yeah.

I wanna make one other point for, for copy department here is, you know, when an offer comes out, when a promotion promotion comes out, right? A lot of times there's that feeling of you have to kind of make a hook, make an angle, make authority, but just in that short window, you already see, number one, the level of conviction and belief. Number two, the level of investment behind expertise. It's not just like, wow, I gotta breakthrough. So now I'm considering myself a coach and a coaching expert, right?

Someone who's invested in themself through bible school, through NLP training, through coaching, sort of, right? That really has done the work. Um, and number three, and, and this, this really bugs me, is you see in the faith-based space, there definitely are a lot of people moving in who are like, oh, hey, like, let's throw Christian on this thing and therefore it'll convert better. Um, I'm not gonna name names oof, but yeah, there's a lot of people doing that. It, it irks me to my, and to know that like, like this is genuine.

Like we're, we're here to be genuine to, to serve a market, to serve, uh, people in the server movement. So that's super cool. Um, is there anything else you wanted to add, Megan, before I turn it over to Todd and copy department to start peppering you with all these, these, uh, nuanced questions, Anything that you, um, I would say, well, first and foremost, thank you. We're, we're sup. Yeah.

Yeah, thank you. Um, we have been, we, we've been in the industry a long time. We've worked insanely hard for a long time, and we've always had the heart to really help our clients and really get results. And the thing that's really, and Damon, you, you know, you know this very well. Um, we've just been looked over, taken advantage of and just belittled from like our most recent partnership.

And we grew the company to 28 million last year. And it's just so refreshing. And they, and the, and they let Megan go, oh, it was just, it was the most insane situation. She helped us build the company. She ran the finances, she wore all these hats and the, and it was just, I've never, I mean, it was just insane to see someone treat someone like that, especially my wife and how talented she is.

But it, it just, we were so suppressed with such a lid on us and for you guys to see the talent the way, you know, I see it, many people see it, but it's just so refreshing. So I just very grateful to be here with you guys because it just, it really feel, feels like God is bringing us together and we're gonna do amazing things. Um, just to highlight, you know, with Life on Fire and with the real estate brand that we built, you know, both eight figure businesses, and she has been instrumental in all of that. So like for her to, to have the faith piece, the coaching piece, but it's like she's a, as you said, a beast. Like, and she's was huge in those, you know, building those businesses.

So I think, you know, that's just something in there in terms of credibility. Um, the promotion that we did with the online challenge, just the context was that it wasn't about certifying coaches at the time. The context was Megan to just coach them as, Hey, she's a business coach, you've got an idea. And, and we, you know, she had clients ranging from, you know, CPAs to online infopreneurs in such a mixed bag. And so that's part of our challenge is we've served anybody and everybody, you know, that kind of resonated with the message, but the offer was her coaching them to basically launch their business online, do online challenges, webinars, things like that.

Um, a lot of what we zeroed in with you, Damien, is when we think about what gets the best results for the clients and what is, what we believe to be the most marketable offer is zeroing all of that in instead of like, Hey, we're just gonna coach you. 'cause we've Megan's coached people for many, many years. It's like, yeah, you're gonna get coached. But specifically with the lens of the coaching certification as the business opportunity and, um, in all the things that come with that. So I, I wanna highlight that 'cause that online promotion led to the thousand dollars program about how to build your brand online.

And then that led to the high ticket coaching and you know, where they paid 30 grand to get Megan in these pods. Um, yeah, so just wanna add that for a little context. Yeah. And so what we're looking to do, just to start to, to map out the, the ball field a little bit, is to do a, you know, what we, Nick and I felt good about, uh, and Megan as well is to do a sort of initial three K offer that would have some of their certified coaches. There might be some group stuff with Megan.

We're still working on sort of offer construction. And the idea being that like, Hey, we're gonna help you get your breakthrough and teach you how to get breakthroughs so you can also get other people breakthroughs. And from that, we're gonna equip you to, you know, we're gonna place and equip you to get clients. So you're both gonna like, so sort of like breakthrough for make your soul wealthy and create a stream of income for yourself at the same time, uh, as part of this movement. And so, Todd, I want to kind of hand it to you.

I know you asked some extremely pointed questions, you and your team, so you wanna start, start putting them in the hot seat here? Yeah, for sure. So let me just gimme a little, just gimme 30 seconds. So, you know, look, I, I'm so sorry to hear, uh, Nick, uh, and Megan that you know, your, your experience working with other people. You know, I would say, and it's just on my heart to, to say this and then we'll get into the hardcore marketing stuff, um, is that, you know, um, look, I think anybody can say anything at the beginning of a relationship in terms of we're gonna be great and we're gonna love on you and edify you and build you up and, and you're gonna be, you know, part of our team and, and whatnot.

Um, and I know that that's worth very little when it gets set at the beginning, but I, I would tell you guys to, um, measure us by that, truly measure us by, right? We like, look, I think first and foremost, you know, it is about, um, it is about building people and growing people. We just happen to do it through the type of content that we put out. But, and we apply that kind of same mentality to all of our partnerships. And so I would just tell you guys like, um, you know, just measure us by that and you'll see that, uh, you're in for, you know, a wildly different experience.

So that being said, let me just very quickly, uh, so we've got three copywriters on here. These three copywriters make up the, uh, this is kind of the first, uh, this is the initial copywriting team at, um, at Wealth with God. Michael, uh, over here in the Motorhead shirt, uh, is the, he was the, he was with the Gary Halbert letter, or with the Gary Halbert letter. And so one of the only copywriters ever hired to, uh, by, um, by Bond to do anything with the Halbert letter to the right, at least on my screen, is Brian. Brian is, uh, an Agora trained, um, copywriter, also work side by side with, um, with Jason Parker, if you're not familiar with who Jason is, he's, um, very quickly become, to me at least one of the most, uh, I don't even know how to describe 'em, savvy copywriters when it comes to AI bots and, uh, and custom GPTs, like incredible, incredible stuff.

Uh, and then we've got, um, Keith, and I just wanna tell you, I I'm gonna bypass his, Keith is, I wanna focus on Keith for a second because Keith is the copywriter that is really, uh, he is working on, she is wealthy. And the really interesting thing is that, you know, we got, when I put out this post for, uh, junior copywriters, I think in the end we've got over, uh, like 225 plus video applications. So I required people to send in a video. It got over 225, got to the point where I couldn't even go through them. And Brian said, uh, excuse me.

Keith said one thing that just caught my attention and I shared it with him when I eventually told him that I wanted to chat with him. He was the only copywriter that said, what a blessing to see this opportunity come across my desk. And I was like, oh, yeah, I'm definitely talking to him just from that one thing alone. And I told him that when we got on there. And so, uh, so I would, uh, that being said, that is the backdrop.

What I would like to do, and Keith, I wanna give you the opportunity in just a little bit to jump in with any kind of clarifying questions, but I think that it would be really helpful. We, we've been digging into the, to the asset document that you sent over, that you guys put together. Um, and so we've kind of, we looked at the pages, we've looked at the webinar, we actually found other pages and looked at other webinar recordings. I would like to start at the very beginning if possible, and I'd like to hear you guys explain, let's go, let's, let's pretend as if we don't know anything right now, just to bring everybody on the team up to speed, so that if we bring Brian in Mi Michael's gonna be doing all the email, um, um, follow up, uh, and whatnot that everybody is on the same page. So can you start with, so who is, I'm gonna ask you some pointed questions, nail 'em, and then we'll move to others.

So who is, she is wealthy for? Who is the target audience? She is wealthy is for, um, Christian women who are wanting to either get in business or already in business looking for a way to not only grow themselves, but help others grow and utilizing digital marketing online, um, marketing to accomplish that. They're moms who maybe wanna be like me and be able to work from home to wear their babies on a business meeting, to, um, to women who have a mission, a purpose that they know, I know I am here for a reason and I need to figure out what that is. I've had this inside of me for 10 years, 20 years, my whole life.

God has downloaded something in me, and I have yet to take action on what that is. And figuring out, okay, what could that be? And going through coaching, the first thing through a coaching certification program is to coach yourself. So they are able to figure that out with the support of also a one-on-one coach. Okay.

So let me break that down. Let's break that down a little bit more. So, um, so you said a couple things in there. So, so this is, let's kind of chunk this a little bit. So we're talking about these are Christian women that ultimately, that want to have their own online business.

Yes. Okay, perfect. And you had said that, you know, they feel there's some sort of purpose, bigger purpose, there's a bigger kind of mission that they have. Are they, are we talking about women that just feel a, uh, feel something in their heart that they want to do more, have more of an impact? Or are we talking about women that maybe have that feeling and have a level of clarity of what that means in terms of the content that they wanna share with the world?

It's a great question. I would say originally it was like anybody who had that feeling in their heart. Um, and that's people that we have been able to support and help. In an ideal world, it's, it's people who are like, I have this clarity now, how do I get there? Okay.

And so, so let's say it's, you know, I want to, you know, they, they have some level of clarity, like, I want to help people with their relationships, or I wanna help people, you know, with, you know, raising their kids, or I wanna help people become better bass fisher, you know, men, whatever, anglers, well, maybe not women, but I get it. Okay. So they have some level of, oh, yeah, okay. And so they have some level of idea. So just for, um, just to confirm, so the, the, the woman who maybe doesn't have that clarity yet, there's no part of the program that will help her get that clarity.

Like, Hey, if you feel, even if you just feel a tugging on your heart, but you're unsure of what that means and what you should do, we could help you there. Is there really isn't any part of the program. And there's no right or wrong answer. This is just an Accurate, there's a hundred percent is Yeah, There is, that is probably our biggest serve the market. Yeah.

Because we're basically, you know, it's, it's almost like if they're looking to create a lifestyle to be the mom, to wear all the hats in the home, but be able to, to create enough income to pay the mortgage, you know, enough surplus where the husband maybe doesn't need to work. It's like creating the lifestyle and the freedom. And a lot of times people aren't aware that coaching is the best option for 'em. They see everything online and all these, you know, but they don't know what's real. They don't know what's fake.

There's so much bologna online. Whereas it's like once they get to know Megan and they understand, oh my gosh, coaching, some of them have never even considered themselves to go the path of coaching. And usually the reason why is they do not feel that they are qualified to be a coach. And that's part of what like the, the, the webinar or in the teaching is that anybody can be a coach. You don't have to have any knowledge to be a coach.

That's the difference. All the info marketing space, you have to be an expert. And it's very limiting to, to most people because they're genuinely not an expert. And that's why all these courses fail because they're not an expert, they're not a doctor, they're not a, a successful business owner. So this is equipping these women with a business model that is guaranteed to work, it's gonna help themselves just break free and, and grow their own life.

But it's, it's gonna give them a track to run on with or without experience. And, um, and that's, it's, that's what's unique about it, that anybody can make money. And we found that this is, you know, building a real estate business, this is easier than digital products. It's easier than real estate. You can get to, to revenue quicker.

But the first battle we have is they don't necessarily, like most people would say at the events, I just never, I never thought of myself as a coach. I never thought I could be a coach, because I'm not, I'm not Megan, how could I be a coach? I haven't sold a business, I haven't done this. And what they don't realize is that the certification that gives them the confidence, the community, and the breakthroughs that elevates their confidence, and then all the systems and everything else. Yeah.

Perfect. Okay. I wanna, I wanna hop, I wanna hop in for a second, Todd. Just from experience, obviously being in church for 20 years in ministry, I would say that the forefront of that, like the forefront of motion, and you could tell me Nick and Megan, if this resonates, is gonna be women who are like, I wanna, I, I know I'm supposed to do more, be more, have more impact. Like, I know I should be impacting more lives and I want to contribute to my family, and I think it's gonna be more tertiary the person who's like, I've always wanted to help people lose weight, or I've always wanted to help people get over their fear of, of flying, but I don't know, I don't have the vehicle to, to give that expertise.

I think it's gonna be more at the forefront of I wanna contribute to my family and I know I'm made for more impact than I currently have in the world. How do I do that? Would you agree with that Nick and Megan In Yeah. One thing just to tie onto that is, you know, in the church so many people, like, exactly like you said, that they want to impact lives in ministry is a big thing. That's what I was gonna say, you know, but it's like, but ministry is, you know, it's time, but there's, there's no income.

And this is almost like, this is like mini, you're ministering to your clients. So if you've ever felt called like, here's like a potential ang, or one of the many angles is like, if you've ever felt called to ministry, this is ministry as a business, and you get paid to transform lives. And, and, and what we've always said is, show me a business model that is better and more fulfilling than getting paid to transform people's lives. And, you know, but, and what were you gonna say That I was just gonna say, a lot of times I, I find at least, um, like in church settings, uh, women are like, no, I wanna, I wanna join the women's ministry and I wanna help people, or I wanna go here. And they wanna be, they're very ministry minded, but they also wanna make money.

So what he said is just ministry in the marketplace of how you get to support and help other people. And ultimately in coaching, it's you five years ago, it's your helping that person. It might even been a year ago, like how you have excelled in your life and you're, you're supporting and you're helping them, and it gets to be your ministry and you get paid. So we were on the same page. One other quick thing is like, um, so many people are, um, trying to like, they, like you said, that they, they feel the nudge, they feel the calling, like they, they wanna do more, be more, but they don't know what it is.

And one thing that has been powerful is, is sometimes that person's purpose is to help unlock other women's purpose. And that's a big foundational part of what we do in the, in the challenge system that we give them is it's about God's vision for their life and then breaking it down into goals. And so they don't have to have the total clarity in like, what is their purpose? And for me it's like I was always chasing what's my purpose, and I realized my purpose is helping you find yours. Mm-hmm.

And but that same gift is what every single person in the certification program gets to be a part of is that their, the, the backbone of all of it is vision and goals. And so anyone can, can use our system and help somebody clarify, you know, what their goals are. And then once they're clarified, then they just coach them to achieve 'em and hold 'em accountable. Wow. So it, so there's a lot of, you know, there really is a lot of purpose and fulfillment.

Like I think you used the word fulfillment in this, that people experience, uh, when they are coaching, let's say other, other women, um, and whatnot. Couple of questions, quick questions related to the coaching. So first is you had said, Nick, that um, they don't need the knowledge or the expertise to be a coach. Can you just take 60 seconds to unpack that a little bit, right? Because I know that that's a, that's a, a common objection across the board with coaching in general as an opportunity for people like, Hey, who am I to be coaching anybody else?

And so out, out, I'm curious of outside of, you know, outside of, hey, the program equips you with the systems and the process, uh, and whatnot, uh, so that you've got confidence as a, as a coach. Why would you say, or how can you say that somebody doesn't need knowledge to be an effective well-paid coach? Yeah, so there's two distinctions. One is mentorship. And mentorship is, Hey, we've built and sold a business and you're hiring us because we're gonna show you the way we're gonna, we we have the, the knowledge, you're paying us for the knowledge.

Like you, you guys, you guys are mentors. You get paid for your knowledge. A coach by the actual standard definition is that a coach is guiding the person through questions in a system. And that coach doesn't need to know your business, they don't need to know anything about your industry, they don't need to have any background, any experience. And so a highly trained coach, like for example, someone could be a highly trained coach for realtors, never having sold a home.

Um, I give an example, my football coach was five foot four. The guy never suited up a day in his life, but he was the best coach in the state of Connecticut in high school. And it was because he learned how to coach and, and, and, and extract and unleashed the, the god-given potential in his players. And so, so with coaching, it's a series of asking the right questions. And if you have the system, then anybody can coach anybody to get the result that they want.

And it's just, you need to have the playbook, you need to have the system, and that gives you the confidence. But it's also if you had the confidence knowing that, hey, you can get clients if you use the system and you can get your clients' results. Because that's part of the fear is, well, even if I get the clients, like, how do I know that if I don't have experience, how could I get them results? And that's part of how we build the coaching system and with the questions and how to do it. Um, did that answer the question or do you want to It did, no, that, that was great.

So just for clarity and to confirm, right, so it's ultimately it's not their knowledge, their personal knowledge and experience that's getting the client or client's results, it's the coaching system that you equip them with that is allowing them to help the clients get results. That's correct. Okay. That's like, Like for me, um, like I, I coached doctors, lawyers, financial advisors, like I'm no lick in any of that industry, right. But I coached them to get the results because like Nick said, when you're asking powerful questions, everything is already within us.

God has already equipped us. And so we're just helping to extract that. And once the person takes ownership of their answer, they're actually gonna get into better action than if they were to be mentored. 'cause how many times does somebody mentor you and tell you something and you're like, oh yeah, I'll get to that. Or I'm gonna keep asking and I call them ask a*****e.

Okay. Like, people who just keep asking and asking and asking and they don't take the action. I like that. Okay. Um, And it's, it's just like, um, Is Nick is saying baloney and now she's saying, a******s, this is getting a, this is getting rowdy this fall.

It's a little rowdy. We getting radical, But like if, if you, it's like if you tell someone to do something, how many times can people relate to, like they, they know how to lose weight, but why don't they lose weight? You know, we, we've had people lose over a hundred pounds in our coaching and I've definitely never been a, a health coach by any stretch of the means. But like through the system and through them having the discovery of really them figuring out what they want, and then, you know, it's, it, it's being drawn out where it's their idea basically. Mm-hmm.

Instead of us just saying, Hey, you do this, you know, when you're just asking questions, you don't have to have the answers. You're drawing it out of that client as opposed to telling them what to do. 'cause telling 'em what to do would be scary if you have no experience. Yeah. Got it.

Totally makes sense. Okay, so one more question and then I want to go into the offer components. I wanna talk about the deliverables. And Damien, I know, you know, we want to, we need to get some clarity just on the, the, the offer in general. And then Keith, I wanna give you the opportunity if there's any additional questions that you, you have.

Um, but so how would you, how would you handle the kind of objection or concern? Let's say that, uh, so if it's a mom got, you know, uh, you know, maybe, you know, some, some young kids, the, the idea that, well, if I'm coaching people and right, and now I've got these clients, that's more time that I, I may not have, right? To like, in other words, now I've got, I've gotta allocate part of my schedule to coaching, and the more I, the more people I want to coach, isn't that gonna be more of my time? And so how would you, how do you deal with that? So for me, I, I like to structure things, um, with, I, I just take myself as, as an example, is what are their goals as a coach?

So understanding, okay, you wanna make more money, you want to create impact, you're worried that there's gonna be too much time dedicated to this and not enough time where with your family. And so I would drill down and say, okay, well here's, here's what I do. And I share a story of like how I have intentional time. There is time when we're with our family, but is it the quality or intentional time with our family? So it's like, if we were to break that down, how could you create intentional time with your children, with your husband?

For instance, Nick and I go on Thursday date nights every single Thursday for the last 10 years. We go on date night, we're serving our marriage. I have individual dates with my children to have that quality time with them. So I don't feel that while I'm building over here, that I'm taking away my responsibility and my duty as a mother. And so I would, you know, kind of explain through what I do do and how it works in, in that it feel, feel fills your soul when you're intentional, but you're also building something that's creating income for you to go.

Maybe it is that dream vacation that you've wanted to be going on. Maybe it's, um, getting your kids into a dance class or into a sport. And so you're, uh, getting them to see that why they're wanting to build something and then setting the intentional time aside for both things in order to build. I hope that answered your question And Yeah, I, I think that it's about right. I, I I think that there, there, look, there, you know, it sounds like there is, you know, a a give and take.

I mean, look, you can't, right? You, you, you want to have greater impact. You wanna serve, you know, o other people, you wanna generate additional income, have a business, it's gonna require some amount of time, which is gonna therefore require you to be a lot more intentional with the rest of your schedule to make sure that your priorities are, are, you know, are are in order. And so totally makes, uh, you know, totally makes, makes sense to me. I'm, I'm curious, just one note, do you guys by any chance have a document with the curriculum, like an outline of the curriculum, what's covered in week one, two, you know, recession, 1, 2, 3, 4, something like that?

We can get you, we, we've got a folder that, um, has all the 12 lessons and the assignments like everything. Awesome. That would be awesome. It's under the brand online coaching institute. We're having a designer flip it to she is wealthy.

Okay. Uh, and um, but one, one thing on the time is when I think about with, with a job, you are, and, and a lot of moms will relate to a job, a lot of 'em I'm sure have jobs and how does it feel when their kids are in daycare because they're stuck in a job and they have no flexibility. Nine to five, if you have a business, if you're in real estate, you're beholden to answering that seller's call and negotiating and competing against all the other investors. So, so many businesses, there's a tug of war for your time where you do not really get to set your calendar because you are at the beckoning call of that, of the demands of that business. Where coaching is unique is that yes, there's a period of, okay, we have to invest some time weekly to learn coaching.

We're gonna have to invest some time to prospect coaching. Um, but the, to me, one of the biggest benefits related to time is coaching is a very unique industry where you get to own your calendar and you get to choose exactly when you do the coaching. So for example, Megan is only on Wednesdays, and so she's got, you know, all these one-on-one clients that pay 30 grand and that is all contained to, to one day a week. You know, and she doesn't work Fridays. I mean, so there's different things you do in coaching, but it's, it's a, it's a unique industry where your coaching calls with your clients, they're back to back, they're 30 minutes, you know, a piece.

And if you coach 10 people at 500 bucks a month, so 10 people at 500 bucks a month, you're talking $5,000 a month, but 10 people, 30 minutes a week, one-on-one, that's only five hours. So yes, it'll take time to prospect and get to 10 clients, but if, if you think about five hours a week to coach 10 people and make five grand, yeah, that's crazy. Like, and, and another example that might be helpful is, um, when you think about the amount of money that you're making, right? Businesses are are tricky because if you sell info products, like you may make some money, it goes up and down. But this industry is very stable.

And, and, and what I mean is, um, if you start at $500 a month for a client and they're getting 30 minutes a week, let's call that two hours a month, you're making $250 an hour. So we've used examples like, imagine getting paid like a heart surgeon within six months of this program or within 90 days of the, of the program. Um, some clients like 500 is our benchmark. We want everyone to get to $500 a month and 500, if you guys think about one-on-one coaching at 500 bucks, that's a heck of a deal, right? People are way more expensive than that.

And, but even if someone, I would say our, our floor is, even if someone starts at 200 bucks a month, we can teach anybody to get a client at 200 bucks a month for health coaching, for business coaching. Like that's very, very inexpensive at 200, but at $200 a month, at 30 minutes a week for two hours of work, they're still making a hundred bucks an hour. So show me a business where you could literally get certified in, you know, 90 days, 120 days, depending on how fast they go, and you're catching a hundred bucks an hour, you know, and then you can put those appointments and stack them and batch them and all around that busy mom schedule, you know, it's like they've got all these things to do, but you can, you can, you can own your calendar and own your schedule much better in this business than any other business that we found, if that makes sense. Yeah, That's great. I, I, I dig it.

And so Let's talk about, and just pause for a second. I think what's also really worth highlighting is that it's not the over promise. Like, hey, if you've ever wanted to take a few hours and make a seven figure income, um, because most, you know, obviously those promises are just so, you know, tired, so worn out. But I think for a lot of people in our community, they're like, holy cow, if I could bring in an extra two, $3,000, like that would transform my life, like literally wouldn't worry about the mortgage. I could send my kids to the camp they want to go to.

Like we can finally fix the car that I've been, you know, pray, I pray over every day before I turn. Like that's a transformational amount of money for the average family. And so we don't have to go to those hyperbolic claims. I think the, the reality is right Damien, that to just, you know, echo what you just said, I think the, that that's the beautiful thing from a marketing perspective, right? To go in the opposite direction of that hyperbole and right, like to actually come out and say like, this isn't gonna make you a, a millionaire, right?

Like, this isn't a seven figure opportunity, this is for you. If an extra five grand, eight grand, 12 grand a month would be transformational for you, if that would be exciting for you, right? In just a few hours, you know, a week then, right? I'm gonna show you exactly how to, how to do it, uh, is extremely exciting. And so let's talk in the, um, let's take in the remaining 10 minutes that we have.

'cause I wanna honor everybody's, um, schedule, uh, here. Uh, and I have a hard stop at, uh, at 10. I wanna get into the, the offer itself. And so at, let's go in, in rapid pace. So how long is the program?

It's, there's 12 lessons in the program, but it can be done at like self self-paced. Okay. But For this offer, I think we're gonna do it live, we're gonna have like the live recordings or the Like live group? Yeah. So they're gonna attend a, like a live stream and then get access to the recordings?

Yes. Okay. And so that is 12 that you said 12 sessions. Were those, is it designed to be 12, like weekly one a week for 12 weeks? Or, or does it not have to be that way?

Okay. Yeah, I mean it's, it's 90, I would say 90 days. Like, uh, the last, we did a, a very small promo. We, we sit, you know, we had 90 days of the live group. Um, I do like 90 days is like, Hey, you're getting 90 days of the live group coaching calls.

Um, that gives them a week to do each lesson. It makes it very tangible where they're not overwhelmed. Um, so they can get, you know, the certification and they can get, you know, we want them to get clients in that 90 day window as well. Um, so someone could go slower if they're not on the live calls, they just kind of want to go at their own pace. But 90 days is a, is a really good timeline for it.

Okay, perfect. So in an i, so they can go at their own pace. They can also go back and review the recordings from the live sessions for the light, you know, for, for life on ongoing. But in an ideal world, it's designed to be 90 days where within those 90 days they actually generate their first client. Correct.

Yep. Okay. Awesome. And so what, in addition to the live sessions, the, the live weekly sessions and then ultimately the recordings of those live sessions, what is there, what other components or is there any other components that they get? Big one is one-on-one coaching.

And even at that three K price point is pretty wild to get hands-on, one-on-one coaching. And, and we've, we've figured out how to scale that, so that won't be a constraint, but to me that is the, that has been a bigger selling point than the live group. 'cause everyone gets live group one-on-one is holding their hand, holding them accountable. This isn't gonna be the program that you buy, you put on a shelf, you forget about, and you'd never take the action. We are going to show you the power of one-on-one coaching because you're becoming a certified coach.

We want you to feel it and experience it, have breakthroughs, shift your mindset, have transformation personally. And guess what, by the end of those 90 days, our coach is there, and it's not a free for all where you just pick a coach or like you schedule coaching calls and there's no accountability. They're assigned a one-on-one coach and they are guiding them through that entire 90 days. So very few people are falling off because our coaches are gonna, if they don't, they miss their call, they're gonna be following up. You know, so, And how, how often are they meeting with their coach?

So they get a one one hour VIP kickoff call. That's really to get down drilling their vision, their goals for becoming a coach, right. Building their business. And then they get 30 minutes a week for three months, 90 days. Okay.

So they're, they're, it's interesting. They're actually meeting with their coach in the, in the same way that you're teaching them to coach their clients. Exactly. Yeah. And that initial one hour VIP strategy session is so key because that's where we're the coach is getting their vision, their goals, where they're at, what are the blocks creating breakthrough so that the 30 minutes a week is gonna propel them forward, hold 'em accountable to going through the curriculum and taking the action.

And then just like you said, literally everything they experience is exactly the model that they do with their clients. They do the one hour upfront and then 30 minutes a week. Got it. Okay. And so, okay, got it.

And so 12 live sessions, 12, then the recordings of those sessions, they get their VIP one hour kickoff call with their one-on-one, you know, one-on-one with their coach, and then 30 minutes every week for the, the, um, the 90 days. Anything else that they get that's included. Uh, big selling feature is our vision and goals challenge. And so we have scaled our personal coaching businesses to over a million. We don't need to set the expectation, but how we did it was the vision and goals challenge.

Um, it it's a white label system. So what that means is you've got Megan over three sessions prerecorded. And so that system is designed to help a prospect that watches it figure out where they're at today. So coaching is, is all about, Hey, where are we at today? Where do we wanna be in, in 90 days and six months?

And you, and, and you figure out where they want to be. And then the system is designed to help them get to where they want to be. So, but to get anywhere, uh, the backbone of coaching is they have to have a clear vision and very tangible, smart goals of how to get to what they want. So if they wanna get to the five KA month of income they wanna get to where they're only coaching five hours a week, blah, blah, blah. All that is is happens in this vision and goals challenge.

So we're the experts at that, Megan? Um, we're re-recording it, but she's gonna record it. Um, I used to do it before, she's gonna put it in, in her language. Uh, but it's three sessions. And think of that at, on like a ClickFunnels page with a password protected Vimeo.

And then that system is given to our certification clients. So they go through it themselves. The coach will pull them through it. So now they're clear on what they wanna do. Um, one of the outcomes is we have a make a, like a vision board, prayer board that's very specific.

And, um, so, so it's a tangible exercise. So the coach goes through it themselves and they're like, this is amazing. It's so good. Right? And then part of the coaching system is all they have to do is get their friends, their family to watch Megan's videos and they, and, and then, so they're brand new, they're not even certified yet.

They're just in the program and they say, Hey, I'm a part of this, uh, coaching certification program called She Is Wealthy. I just went through this program. I got clear at my vision board, my goals. I just made a public declaration on Facebook and Instagram. Here's where I'm going.

I just need to, to get certified, I need coaching hours and I just need to put people through this thing and it's free. And all you've gotta do is watch three videos and then I'm going to hold you accountable. And I'm going to just check in and ask her, what'd you like about session one? What'd you like about session two? And then in that system, Megan will help their clients get their vision, get their goals, get their prayer board, vision board, and at the end of session three, Megan will make an offer and say, Hey, our certified coach that brought you to this vision and goals challenge, they're in process of being certified through us.

And then Megan will make a full blown pitch offer for the prospect watching to hire that certified coach that brought them to the videos. Yeah. Wow. That's killer. So it's like a done for them marketing tool.

Yes. Leveraging your X factor. You know, like that's, that's, that's awesome. And we have people that have never have zero experience that honestly you'd look at and be like, they shouldn't be coaching any. Like, they're just not, they're just different levels, right?

But if they're just excited about it because they got a breakthrough when they went through it, they just have to get people to watch it and then hold 'em accountable. And then the offer at the end is so strong and she'll set them up at a thousand dollars a month, which is often way too high for a lot of people. Then our certified coach will be trained to come back and have that strategy session to end that challenge and say, so what was your favorite part about session three? And then all then that coach will be trained to say, okay, well your goals are to get to this weight and to do this and to do that. And I know Megan mentioned it was a thousand dollars a month, but if you sign up right now, I'll do it for 200 a month, or I'll do it for 500 depending on where their confidence is and how their network is.

But it just, it when, so you've got basically Megan selling, Megan's doing the training for you and she's doing the selling for you, and you just have to get people through it. And, um, but they get excited about it themselves when they go through it. And then it's easy to bring people through it 'cause they're passionate about it. Totally makes, totally makes sense. So they're, they're being trained on the coaching system, the process, right, to help people get results.

And they're also being equipped with the, the business systems to acquire the clients like they're being given, right? How do I get clients? How do I speak to the clients? What do I say? Um, et cetera.

Yep. And we do have a business in a box that Damian's mentioned. So that will have, um, their agreements and, and just the foundational things that you need. And the cool thing is, as a coach, they only need a free Calendly link and they need a way to take payment. Um, so they don't need a big tech stack.

Now we have funnels and personal branded stuff, but honestly, that stuff kind of gets in the way. They just need a free calendar, uh, way to take payment, our challenge system and let's get 'em going before, you know, they need to scale and do the website stuff. 'cause usually that's just a detour. Okay, gotcha. But we have it totally makes sense.

So this is what I'm gonna do. So Damien, what I'm gonna do is, uh, I gotta jump to another meeting. I'm so, uh, frustrated that I scheduled, uh, this meeting, um, back to back with this. 'cause I would love to stay on with you guys more. But what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna leave the, uh, I'm gonna, this is my Zoom link, but I'm gonna try to just leave it up.

I'm gonna try to mute my mic, turn off my camera, leave this up for you guys, and I'm getting on, fortunately a Google thing, a Google chat or whatever you call it. Um, and so Keith and Damien, what I would love to, what I, what I want to ask where I want to go is I want to continue to understand what the, uh, what the deliverables are. And so what people write the business in the box includes the contracts, right? But they're also, they're trained on how do we get, um, potential clients, what do we say to those clients? All that.

So I wanna understand, I want us to understand fully what all the deliverables are and all the benefits. Um, um, Keith, for those deliverables then Damien, I want, I want you guys to go into, um, obviously, um, obviously price point on this, uh, whether is it full pay, uh, only is there, uh, full pay and payment plan, is there any kind of preference there? Also risk reversal. Like what is the guarantee? What kind of guarantee that we, you know, we're, we're willing to, um, we're willing to go with obviously knowing that the biggest, boldest guarantee possible, uh, is ultimately what we are after.

Wanna make sure, Keith, that you are just crystal clear on what is the primary promise. Like what is the big overarching, like, hey, what, what are we promising these women, the outcome, the result is going to be? We somewhat kind of covered that, but I just wanna make sure that you're crystal clear about that, Keith. And then of course, uh, the mechanism, the unique mechanism behind the program. Like, so if somebody were to ask what is different about the, your model of, um, you know, of turning me into a coach, like, right, there are a lot of people that promise to, you know, to, uh, to help me become a high paid coach.

What is different about their, their process, Keith, right? And so understanding is there a unique mechanism, uh, what is superior about their approach? If there is a unique mechanism, is it faster? Is it easier? Is it just more consistent?

Is it more, uh, biblically aligned than others? Uh, you know, is it a combination of those? Um, and so those things. And then Damien, uh, if there's anything else that you feel is important for us to understand from an operational perspective, just when we're kind of setting this up, right. Fire away.

But, so Keith and Damien, your opportunity to, to ask whatever questions. Keith, don't, do not get off this call until you have all your questions answered ish. And, and Todd, if you, um, right click on someone's name, you could make them the host just in case if Okay. Lemme see if I could do that. Yeah, If you could go to panelists and then you could Oh yeah.

May Coast. How cool is that? So does that mean I can get off? Yes. Yeah, if, and just when you leave, but don't close it.

I think you'll have an opportunity to close it if you wanted to, but you can leave without ending it. I'm gonna try to just mute my camera. Okay. Mute my, mute my mic and camera just because this is too valuable to, to gamble on this, um, experiment for me. Uh, and so, but thank you guys so much.

This was awesome. Thank you. Got it. I'm so excited. And so looking forward to, um, working with you guys.

Like I said, uh, you, you're both incredible. And Megan, you are a superstar. And so I absolutely head over heels thrilled. And so go to it guys. Thank You brother.

Appreciate it, man. Um, so I, I apologize, I, I had someone at the door. I have a step away for just a moment. I know, uh, the two things that came up that I heard was price point and risk reversal. Let's talk price point.

You know, uh, I think Nick, we both feel good about three K. We feel like it's a high tick. A good solid mid ticket represents the value. The offer creates healthy margins for the overall business, but isn't so high that it's outta rate, reach or requires sales. And, uh, I do feel good about that.

Three K. Does anybody else, or 29 9 97, does anybody else in the call feel any gut or anything strongly like, ooh, that's not, I wouldn't come out at 29 97. The only thing is, um, for cold traffic, I, I think it's still possible at three, but like, I just, I wonder, you know, at 2K, would it be more sustainable long term, you know, with cold traffic would be a, the question, question mark. Yeah, I, I think like three K With the list and everything will crush, but it's like on the cold product side, Yeah, I, I think that part of, uh, part of it is recognizing, right? It's not an info product offer, it's a business in a box slash coaching offer.

Um, so I don't think, you know, I might be wrong, John, I'd love to hear from you on this and I'd love to hear from you, Jeremy, John. Um, I think the, from, from the price point to three K to cold traffic, it depends on, like, the first thing I'd ask is what's the, without getting too much into the weeds, like are we going down do down the route of book first, then upgrading them to coaching? Or are we going down a different Strategy? Like after the promo? Yeah, the idea would be we would have a book and then after the book, you know, we'd have, you know, our regular front end recipe book upsell, so on and so forth.

And then the ascension would be into, you know, an evergreen webinar, which is, we're kind of building right now. We're building the first iteration, two or three. So then for, for the promo, what's the, so the promo's just gonna be internally. It's gonna be internally, but we are gonna run some paid just 'cause I would like to see, get a sense of lead numbers, uh, cost, uh, and see how it converts. Okay.

Well then like, look, given all of that, I think the nature of the offer, the price point is, is more than justifiable. 'cause like you said, it's, it's, it's a business, it's a business opportunity. I like to use the term it's selling money at a discount. So like they, they're investing three K, but they have the potential to earn much more than that. It's not just invest it's three K and learn how to, you know, learn how to improve yourself from a personal development point of view.

It's not, it's, it's that combined with everything else that's gonna come from the coaching and the fact that they can go on and coach others. So I think the fact that it's that the higher price point or the slightly higher price point of three K versus 2K, I think that's, it's more than justifiable. Uh, I agree with that actually. And, um, my question too was about payment plans. Like sometimes that kind of helps, uh, break that up a little bit.

So Damien, is there any thought on, uh, or Nick, you know, on offering Yeah. That sort of payment plan? Yeah, that was, that was the next one. I just wanna get past the first step. Um, I feel good at 29 97.

Keith, any feelings on that? No, I think that's good. Um, most experience that I have is well beyond that. The only question that I would think is, um, as far as like the avatar Nick and Megan, like, is this the, are these, are these mainly stay-at-home moms? Do they have current jobs or like they're trying to leave the workforce?

Is the husband willing to help? 'cause I've seen that a lot with like families in the past, like either the husband's on board or not. That's like huge objection, right? So are they, if they're willing and capable, do they just kind of pay with their own money? It's kinda like, this is my purpose and what I'm trying to do and they take the lead, or does that make sense?

Yeah. So, um, on the webinar, at least a live webinar 'cause it, you know, praying that this all goes well and it continues on. Um, we teach, we handle objections while I'm pitching. So like when I do the pitch, it's like one of the things that we'll run into and I teach them, uh, to go back to like some things that's included. I teach them an enrollment sales process, which is for the logical and for the emotional buyer.

And so I'm, I'm teaching them how to sell, uh, their own package, but then also how to sell themselves if they may have a spouse who, because they've invested in, uh, before and they never took action. That's the biggest one that we're gonna come up against, is like, well, I, I was on board with you when you bought X, Y, Z and you didn't do anything with it. Mm-hmm. So I teaching them how to basically enroll their spouse and say like, no, but this is gonna to be different. Like, and here's why and here's the vision and here's the impact that I'm gonna make.

And I know that I may not have done it before in the past. And they just kinda take responsibility and then, um, acknowledge at least on the spousal side. And then for like their working in a a nine to five, they wanna leave the workforce. They do wanna be, um, building a business where they're able to be at home 'cause they wanna pick their kids up from school or, and they may not even be moms. They just know like, Hey, I know I I I am in the workforce.

I wanna, I wanna know a lifestyle here. You know, so it's kind of a we're out of all those people. Yeah. I I think now that we talk it out a little bit, guys, um, what do you think of this? Because if we, you know, I'm thinking like, oh, we wanna make this affordable.

Obviously we don't want a pay plan. It's bad practice, in my opinion, to go have a pay plan, go beyond the length of the program. So we don't wanna go past three months if we're at three K and we want to go to three months, and obviously we wanna reward people for paying in full, which means a monthly payment needs to be higher. It needs to be more like 1197 a month, a three pay 1197 might be a hard, like hard to digest. I wonder if we went to a 24 97 price point and then a three pay of 9 97, and that way both the full pay is attractive because it's like, dude, you could save $500.

That's a significant amount of money. Or the three pay is attractive 'cause it's like, it's three payments of 9 97. Like, you could figure that out. Like that's, that seems, it feels like that's very doable. I agree.

Yeah. It's tough to have the payments be over a grand and uh, yeah, it Just starts to feel like a mortgage payment when it's over a grand, it starts to feel like oof. And I like, like what you said of it being you say 500, you know, that's a, a pretty tangible upfront bonus. And I also too, I think that that cuts the difference. You know, we're, we're at 2,500 for full pays, which I think could be helpful long-term in ads.

Um, Yeah. What do you think John and Jeremy, Keith, you guys that feel good to you? Yeah, yeah. Sounds good. I mean, 2,500 bucks this thing is, I mean, it's a smoking deal, so.

Yeah. Yeah. And I, I think it's a super compelling offer and I think especially when it's like, hey, you know, you know, recover, you know, it's a phrase we use a lot in real estate with God, like, recover your training costs. Like, you know, one client, the average client for a year will pay for your entire program. One client, you know, um, you know, where else, where else you're not, you're not gonna get that at school, at tech school, right?

You're not gonna get that anywhere. One client pays for the thing. So I think that's good. Um, any thoughts? What kind of guarantees have you used in the past?

Oh, we've had a pretty wide range. I mean, um, you know, we've done full term, you know, 90 day guarantee, I think because of the coaching costs, you know, probably be more like a 30 day guarantee. What are your thoughts with that? Um, well I think it's just to, to discuss. So a lot of times what, or what we currently do is we get them into an actual like agreement.

So they sign an actual agreement with us, um, of our like coaching the deliverables, what they're getting. Um, and so there's in that, it's like a three day like remorse period, right? Um, but as far as for like the guarantee we, we like to say like, get your first first or next client with in 90 days. That's kind of where we went when we, when we did the offer about building your coaching business And okay, so that, that's, that's pretty juicy. Um, like guaranteed you'll get your first client in 90 days.

How do you, do you ha did you get a lot of people that didn't do that asked for money back from a service side? Because I feel like, Keith, do you agree that that's pretty attractive? Like, hey, not only do you get this and you get Yeah, sorry, you, you should see my research. That's literally like the core promise that I have in less than 90 days. So I'm glad that you guys said that, but um, I was hoping that, I was hoping I could provide something faster than that because I feel like the audience learning something new would probably want to see like result really quickly.

Um, which that's, that's typical in like any, any market. I'm not saying it's not a bad, it's like a good promise. Um, but yeah, I was, I was hoping if we could find a way to drill down even, even less than that. You know what I think though, there, there, there's something in my gut that also tells me, and I'm wondering if anybody else feels this way, that right. We know that part of the objection is who am I to coach?

Right? There's insecurity there, right? And all of a sudden, like you could get your first client in thir you know, we'll guarantee we'll get your first client in 30 days. A lot of people will be like, I ain't gonna be ready. Like that might actually cause friction and insecurity and stress.

Yeah. Like, And for us, that is a tall order too, I think. Mm-hmm. And honestly deliberate in 90 days, but I 30 days, 30 days is doable with the right, if they're sharp and they're hungry, but for the normal person, you know, like that, it's, it's a big stretch. Yeah.

Just based on my experience with coaching clients for the length of time that I did it to be in integrity with like who where we are is it's in that 90 days. I mean, it's designed for them to get it in 30 days, but like Damien said, you're still equipping them with the mindset piece. Like, I've been on my coaches, okay, make sure they go get their people through the vision and goals challenge, where the people, the feedback is like, oh, I just, I just wanna, I wanna make sure that I'm good here. Like there's a confidence level that going through the curriculum, doing peer-to-peer coaching is equipping them to then go, okay, I can actually do this. Right.

That's, so It did the 90 did, did your first client in 90 days, did that cause any service issues? Did it cause a wave of money back guarantee refunds? Or was it very manageable? Oh, we don't have anybody. So we, we don't have any refunds in that and we haven't in that because of the curriculum and it's so good.

Like people just get their such their own breakthrough and everything they've built their like mind is just blown. They're like, this has totally been worth everything and more than what I paid. It's, it's not, it's not to say a hundred, you know, a hundred percent people don't get the client. Yeah. But basically the, the level of service is, is just greater than what is typically done in the industry with one-on-one coaching and everything.

So, um, yeah. So there's not an issue with refunds and we've always been really good at, uh, very low refund rate. Um, so even as the scales, you know, it would be, you know, even with cold traffic, I mean below 5% is where I would Do you feel like that has teeth to it? First client 90 days? Yeah.

Yeah, I think that's, I think that's pretty strong. Um, most of the research I've done doesn't, doesn't focus on that timeframe. So In the other thing too, it's, so in the coaching industry, you know, having a contract is a normal thing. So them having a contract after point of sale is really cool 'cause it's, it's getting their buy-in and um, you know, and it's like for them to get the refund, you know, it's like, get the client in 90 days. But it's like we do want them to do, you know, some of the work.

So if they don't do anything, I mean, we're pretty loose with it, you know, if someone were to Ask like, you provide that, yeah, it did the work. Yeah. The, the main thing in my opinion is I, I don't, and I'm sure you guys can agree, I I don't want this to turn into like a just make money type thing, you know what I mean? That's not like in my head, that's not like the purpose of it. So, um, that's like the balance that I'm trying to find.

Like, like trying to focus on the breakthrough and the promise rather or the purpose rather than just getting a client. You know what I mean? If that makes sense. Mm-hmm. I'm gonna hop on the phone, I'll catch you guys.

Yeah, No problem. Get to an appointment. He's gotta drive. So, so, Um, okay. I think for a guarantee though, Damien is, is good Lisa at this point right now.

So something we've done, uh, Megan, Jeremy Key, every, everybody that, uh, was kind of a little bit of our special sauce with real estate. Um, there's things I love about, there's things I don't, but we also offered, we sort of offered a double guarantee like, hey, not only will we get your first client, but we could do it potentially as a fast action was a try before you decide like, hey, not only, you know, you'll get your first client in 90 days money back guarantee, you know, you just gotta do the work, right? We could have a very, you know, sort of light condition on it. You have to do the work, show up to the session, submit these, whatever it is. But then there's an unconditional try before you decide like, hey, you know, I know how scary it is to make decisions.

Like you could jump in and the first 21 days, we'll take all the risk, come in, meet the group, meet the coach, see the materials, start your training, start getting breakthrough. And if you know, anytime, you know, whether, you know, again, we could do a 21 day, 30 day, 14 day try before you decide. Um, that definitely has moved the needle for us. There's things I don't like about it, but there's also things that are compelling about it. Just wanna throw it out there.

I i, I de defer to Nick on that one making decisions on that side. So we'll ask him when he said that. Okay. Keith, any, any, any initial sort of gut reaction to off to having a double guarantee where it's a try before you decide as well? No, I, I love, I love test runs or try, try guarantees, but, um, the only thing is depending on the market, if it's too new, I mean, I, I'm perceiving like if we go to cold, it's gonna get a lot of people that are like newer to making money online.

And that might get a lot of unqualified people in the long run. I mean, that's a problem down the, down the line. Um, yeah, but I mean, remember they're still, they're still going through a webinar. They're still committing to either $2,500 or a thousand dollars a month. It's not like I'm not talking a soft offer.

Right. I'm talking about a try before you decide. Meaning like pay now They're still paying. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. Not, not offer, not offer. Okay. Okay then, then, yeah, I don't have a absolutely don't have any problem with that. Uh, oh, Nick's coming back.

Um, yeah, He's hopping on the phone. Uh, Hey Nick. Hey Nick. Hey. Hey buddy.

So one of the ideas I just thrown out, we've used this in our real estate launches. I think it's not, I think it definitely has been a needle mover. Um, there's pros and cons to it, but offering a double guarantee where there's one guarantee that's like, hey, you're gonna get your first client, you know, has some soft conditions behind it, but it is conditional, uh, in 90 days. But then there's also a try before you decide guarantee where whether we say 14 days, 21 days, 30 days, um, they can try the program and if for any reason whatsoever they feel like it's not the best decision for them, their family, their journey, they don't have peace with the Lord, whatever, um, you know, they could cancel. And, and I'm not talking about a soft offer, I'm still talking about collecting either full pay or first payment upfront, but they get a try before you decide.

Um, and sort of the difference is, uh, I think Francis put this really well when we talked about it and came up with this idea to give credit where credit is due, is that the, like you'll get a client in 90 days kind of more addresses the, their confidence in themselves and the try before you de decide addresses the confidence in the program. Like, are these people actually gonna show up? Is the program gonna be this good? So it kind of, kind of eats at both of the major sticking points of belief. And so I don't know if you think there's anything to that.

I'm not, I'm not pushing hard on it. Just wanted to throw it out there. I I love it, man. I'm always a let's get more people in the door and you know, we, we've, we're, we're people of like, you know, integrity and we, I really do believe in the program and how it's an overdeliver. So I I think that's awesome.

I've never seen it structured that way, but it's like, I, I think we get a lot more people in. The only example I have is there's a woman, uh, Tamara Low, she Yeah, I know. She just kind of, yeah, so she was like co coaching speaking not for Of ours. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So her whole thing of like 97 bucks to like get going is almost like, like the tribe for you by, uh, but yeah, I think that's awesome.

Um, would you say 14 days, 21, 30? Obviously I don't wanna go 90 or 45, but I probably want to go 30 max, I think 30. Just so that they have enough rapport with the coach and they, they just experienced enough to like be like, wow, this really is powerful. Um, I think 30, I mean, the only risk is, you know, potentially if someone leaves, you know, we, we do have, the costs aren't crazy with the one-on-one coaching, but in my mind, if we get a surplus of buyers, um, that's just, uh, that to me is a risk, I think worth taking. Okay.

So let's roll, let's roll with that. Keith, you feel good about that? Jeremy? It, Jeremy gives a thumbs up. Okay.

Yeah, I feel great. I think that's, that's awesome. What, what's the, what's the timeframe? 30 Days. 30 days?

Yeah. And Megan, do you have any reservations on that? Nope. She defer to you. I deferred to you.

Awesome. I love That you said he's gonna have the answer. And you said what I thought you would say, so even with the example, So is this Damien or Nick? Would this be for like payment plan or, or upfront or both? Like does It, okay.

Or either. I mean, we certainly can, now this is, this is a, a little more of a specific question, but we could decide whether we wanna do, uh, the test drive as a, sorry, try before you decide or test drive, whatever you wanna call it. We could do that when you pay in full or, but that sort of Right. If you wanna get the biggest punch before it, I would probably sooner do it as a fast action. I Agree.

Yeah. And I would position it as like, Hey look, you know, for those of you, like, we wanna respect, you know, taking the time, praying through it, but for those of you that have deep conviction the way we have deep conviction, then we wanna come shoulder to shoulder with you and we're willing to take on the risk. And so for those of you that like you have no doubt you're stepping out of the boat like you're ready to go and you're ready to walk side by side with us, then we wanna reward you for that. And here's how we're gonna do it. We're gonna give you a, uh, a full test drive, which means not only do you get the, the guarantee show up to the sessions, whatever the conditions are, which Nick and Megan, you need to either articulate those or send thoses.

But you also get to, uh, test drive the program. Which means you get to come in, you get the materials, you get onboarded, you get the jumpstart, you get to meet the cohort, you get to meet Megan and you get your one-on-one, you get your kickoff, you da da da da da. And if for some reason after 30, you know, anytime before 30 days you decide, this is not everything we promised. I'm not head over heels, this is not the best decision for my family. This is not gonna be game changing breakthrough.

You let us know cost you absolutely nothing. We take all the risk. And that's our reward for people that have that deep conviction. The way we have deep conviction. And that's the only reason we're willing to do this, is 'cause we believe that this really is, uh, you know, transformative and we stand behind it.

And so for those of you that have the same deep conviction we do, we wanna reward you. You know? So that, that's probably how I would position it. What are the conditions for the conditional guarantee Nick and Megan? Like what do they have to do?

Um, I haven't run, I, I have to put that together. Okay. Yeah. But just let us know. I mean, I would just try to keep it trackable and understandable.

Like, Hey, you just have to, you know, meet with your coach, show up to the sessions and complete these three worksheets. Like, because we know that that's what gets you results. And if you get it and you're still telling me, wow, we didn't get it, then Yeah. And I think, I think it could be as simple as like, they get certified. Like if you get certified and you don't see results, then shoot, we'll give you your money.

You know what I mean? It's like unconditional money back. But the, the cool thing would be for them to get certified, they have to basically finish the program. And that's all we're trying to do is get 'em to go through the program. So that could be a very easy way to do it.

And then they would be walking away from their certification with the refund. So yeah, we, we could either do that or just make it simpler. Like they have to, you know, be on their one-on-one calls throughout would be, I guess a, a lesser version of like, if you do all your one-on-one calls and you still don't find value in this, then no problem, we'll give it back to you. Okay. Yeah.

So just let, if you guys can think about that. Pray about, okay. Lemme know. Um, Keith, what else was it that Todd wanted us to cover? I Basically, every, every corner of the, of the offer, basic exactly what they get.

I do have one specific question, um, that I watched Megan by the side, by the way. I watched the webinar a handful of times. I think your, like, your energy, like Todd said, it was amazing. So, um, it's very easy to get conviction into you, which I love the, as far as the program, that felt like there was a lot of questions that were unanswered for me. If I were to buy into the, into the, uh, the certification process, I understand that I'm getting the vision, vision gold challenge.

That seems like the core mechanism to me that's different from everyone else. 'cause everyone teaches content. They teach IG funnel, whatever it is. But you guys have a white label system that basically does the pre-selling and all the selling for you, which is a huge stress relief off my shoulders. Um, but as far as like throughout the program, my main question is when I grow out of that, if I put my friends and family through that, I run outta leads.

Are you guys also teaching me how to find, like, how to actually find my own leads down the line? I know that there's funnels and stuff, but am I getting the skills to go out and find new leads? Am I getting the skills to have the sales calls? Like do you guys teach those hard skills as, as well, like when the system, so they don't have to be dependent of the system, if that makes sense. Yes, that's correct.

So, um, how the lessons are built, it's built on the core of like what it is to be a coach. How do you be a coach, how do you create transformation? And then it's also the marketing part. Mm-hmm. So the last, um, 10, 11 and 12 is about what do you do online, offline, how to generate leads, where do you need to be?

It also talks about, right now I just have 'em setting up something, uh, basic online to create a freebie to get, get leads in. Um, and then launching their own thing. So currently mm-hmm. And this is to be talked about, but I have part of the curriculum that they go through my, she's Wealthy Academy and my academy is about creating your online event, which is webinars, challenges, um, what do I wanna say? Masterclass, you know, whatever you wanna call it.

Uh, virtual summit. It is more advanced, right? That is a more advanced, um, strategy, but it, it, it is in there. And I do talk about that. So that is, um, something that we've bonused in this last time is like you get the, she's Wealthy academy and I've actually, I added it as part of the curriculum.

So wanted to kind of talk through, okay, is that something that we believe will be beneficial? Because currently that is part of the syllabus in order to get their certification. So they're learning, I'm teaching high level, and then the academy teaches like, drilled down, um, of building additionally, like you said, after they're like, okay, now I wanna have my own challenge. I don't wanna use Megan anymore. I wanna have my own webinar.

I teach that as well. Yeah. I, I, I love it. I personally think it's great. 'cause then you can, like the biggest objections obviously where finding clients and how do I sell?

I'm scared of selling or having the conversations or pitching, especially like pitching a friend or a family member. You know what I mean? That's probably mortifying for a lot of people, you know what I mean? So That's true. Yeah.

Yeah. Friends and family. That's a great point. That's more scary than probably anything else. So, yeah.

Yeah. And, and Megan, uh, talk a little bit about the, the sales training, because I feel like that's a, a very strong piece. So yeah, I love that we're highlighting these two. 'cause those are big differentiators. Yes.

So then part of the curriculum, the syllabus also is to go through enrollment training. And it's learning the art of sales. So they are taught how to have a empowering conversation, which I also do while I'm doing the pitch. I do the full sales process, and then I teach them my own sales, like sales process. So it's about, um, teaching them about what does it look like to establish rapport with, when you do get somebody that, that is interested in your coaching, you're making it about them.

You're talking about their vision, you're going into impact both positive and negative and how long they've wanted this vision. So we could talk about the positives as like, what is it gonna do for your family? What's it gonna do for others? What's it gonna do for the world? Well, let's just say you didn't, you know, decide that you're gonna build this, this coaching business, what's that negative impact?

They're already sitting in that negative impact. They're depressed, they don't feel, they feel unfulfilled, all of that. So, um, teaching them how to highlight what the person is already experiencing and then take bringing it back to the positive. Okay, those, that's where you're at now, but this is why you wanna, you know, get coaching, you want to work with somebody, we're gonna get to that positive impact. Then we talk about the barriers.

So I teach them in the sales process, step number four is the barriers. What, what would get in the way of somebody making a decision. And in that sales process, they're hitting that, they're hitting relationships, money, mindset, and time, which are the four big barriers of why people don't move the needle. Why they, they don't say yes. And you are going through, okay, so what's gonna get in the way of you achieving your vision and you your impact?

I'm teaching them how to have this conversation. And, and then if they don't talk, it was like, well, money. Like, some people will be like, well, I don't have enough money. And so, you know, you can go like biblical sense teaching 'em how to have conversations or when we really want something, we find a, we find a way, we figure out what that looks like. So I'm teaching them how to overcome those objections in the conversation.

And then step number five is resource up. And in that sales conversation, when they get to sep number five, they say, you know, if I had a program that would help support you in getting your vision and would help you overcome these barriers, would you be interested in hearing more? Yeah. The person's gonna say yes. I mean, I would say nine out of 10 times, I won't say 10 out of 10 times, but they're gonna be like, yeah, you're gonna help me get my vision.

You're gonna help me overcome these barriers and this is the impact Yes. All day long. Like, tell me how to do that. And then that's where they pitch and sell their coaching. So it's all designed and there is a, a, a training on what that looks like.

Okay. And they obviously get like the talk tracks and scripts and everything that would make it instantly implementable. Yep. Scripts, I have 'em printed out, I know mine, I know the process forward and backward, and I will still print it out and have it next to me. And that's what I teach them.

Even when you have it memorized, you print that out because I'm teaching you how to mirror them. So I'm teaching them some, uh, high level NLP of like, okay, you wanna miria mirror them, they wanna be seen, they wanna be heard, they wanna feel like you are, you get them, so you're gonna reach back their own words. So you're building a high level of rapport with them. Like I'm teaching them all of that. Mm-hmm.

Okay. I'm very passionate about the empowerment conversation. If you can't tell, One thing I wanted to share on it is, um, it's what's what's unique about the enrollment model is it really is like a, it's a consult consultative or, um, it's a consultative, consultative, consultative. And it, it's, um, it's almost like even if they didn't buy, they would receive value because they became clearer on their vision and tangible goals. Mm-hmm.

And so it's actually the same process on, you know, how coaches, like, if you're gonna get clients, you typically give 'em a free strategy session. That is the free gift is that empowerment enrollment wheel. And so it, so I, I'm saying that because there might be some language you guys could help us with, help us craft around how to get clients and sell without feeling salesy. Like imagine if you can have a conversation where they feel empowered and excited to say yes without you feeling like a salesperson, you know? 'cause a lot of these people are probably a little bit scared about sales.

So it's, it's, it's, it's very on par with coaching and adding value to people and impacting them, even if they, they didn't say yes, you know? So, um, yeah, it's like selling without feeling salesy, I guess, in a way. Yeah. Okay. Perfect.

Let's see, Michael, I, when I, I got a couple others, but Michael, do you have anything since you're doing a lot of this project too? Um, no. I mean, I don't, I don't have any like Christie questions. We've, we've covered a lot. Um, I do have one particular question for Megan.

Um, so I, and this is just a, this is just a question that I ask everybody. It's a pretty standard question. Are there any messaging, blunders that you've noticed, like things that should work, that don't work, things that like, don't convert that in theory should convert? Is there anything special about your market or special about your message that you either want included or something you don't want included? I Like that the don't, the don't say this List.

Yeah. Right. Um, I don't, I personally, I don't have a, a whole lot of, like, don't say this. It's, it is really like claims, claims that we can't live up to is, and that's not, so I believe everybody here is going to do. Um, so that's just like one thing for, uh, outside of that, I'm pretty much used to the Christians who criticize Christians for going out and building a business.

Like I'm used to comments like that. I'm used to all kind of things. I have very thick skin on when it comes to that. The only, the big thing from an integrity aspect is just claims. And I don't think anybody is gonna do that.

I don't know if you wanna add anything, Nick, of what you see, don't see, I mean, Mallory did a lot of like our stuff on the other, the front end side that did well. I think he maybe as he's still here. Yeah. No. But, um, Nick, is there anything that you wanna add to that?

You know, um, nothing's coming to mind, but I, it's definitely something that I wanna, I'll, I'll think through and, and see if, if, if there's something tangible I can, I can send over to you guys. Yeah. I don't know if I know Jeremy's in Slack. I don't know if you guys are in Slack. Oh yeah.

Oh yeah. Love Slack. We run everything on Slack. Uh, I I got a quick one too. Megan or Nick.

I, I feel like we've talked about a lot, but I just wanted to like, sneak in my head the, the main like core outcome promise that you guys are really providing. Do you think it's more about like discovering your purpose, uh, as a, as a woman to step into like this realm of coaching? Or do you think it's more about focusing on getting client, I know the purpose kind of comes first, but like, if you would think of like one message that really resonates with 80 to 90% of the market, do you think it's more purpose driven base or do you think it's more about yeah, make the extra 2, 3, 4 supplemental income, uh, type promise. Does that make sense, Megan, once you, once you go, yeah. For me, I think that it's give give them what they want and then actually give them what they need and what they want is more money.

Yeah. Like at the end of the day, they're looking at the supplement, their income and or, you know, bring in additional funds. And then what they need is that discovery, like that purpose to be like, oh, this is the thing. And, and to have the permission to go after it. So.

Okay. It's just my take on it. Nick, did you wanna add to that? Yeah, and I, I think it's definitely the more money and, and with that, I feel like it, like the time aspect and like a, a lot around their, their lifestyle and freedom, um, and being able to dictate their calendar. I, I think that there's, there's a lot surrounding lifestyle freedom, their time, um, we would say often, you know, get paid to transform lives.

So it's kind of like leaning on the outcome of, of making more money, but you're doing it in a way that is, feels like ministry. It's like marketplace ministry. It feels like you're, you're actually making an impact. Okay. 'cause we know that they wanna have the impact, but it's like, if you can impact lives and get paid for it, like I'd love having that conversation around like, what other business are you literally making a difference in, in radically changing people's lives where you're getting the, the, the physical paycheck, but you're also getting like the emotional fulfillment paycheck of, you know, what would it imagine your life where in now you've got 10 clients, you're making an extra five grand a month.

Um, but you're hearing stories like this and, you know, maybe we had like testimonials and examples and things of like, what's happened for clients with their clients and, and the things that people say about it, you know? Yeah. That's perfect. Thank you. Um, I have a question.

Yep. So, um, because we're going after the women's market, is there any particular type of coaches that you see the most commonly? Like I know, I know, um, like women's fitness is really big. I know obviously she's wealthy. Like there's different types of income that you're gonna teach.

So are there any common types of income that you teach? Are there any favorites you have? Well, there's a, there's the big buckets, the money and business, the health and wellness, and then the relationship buckets. So there's the, these three buckets of where people mm-hmm. Tend to fall into, right?

So, um, we get a balance of all of that, I would say. Oh, really? Yeah, we get a lot. Okay. And, and it's helping them identify, like, people be like, I wanna be like a breakthrough coach.

I'm like, okay, well people don't always know that they need breakthrough, so we gotta change. We gotta, we gotta figure out like what's the proper wording for that? Instead of like, I'm gonna do a breakthrough coach. Like, people first have to have the awareness that they need breakthrough, which we gotta get them to that. So it's, those are the three buckets and we, we see a lot of everything.

I would say more, um, health and wellness and more business and, and money. Okay. Yeah. That, that's really good. And I think that the, um, this is a really good area to to, to have clarity.

'cause yeah, it's like, well, what am I gonna be coaching people on? And I, I think that there's, you know, they can fall in, you know, our, our coaches when when you get certified through she is wealthy, it's like you're gonna be set up where you can coach somebody on health and wellness, on money and business and, um, increasing their income, uh, dating and relationships like Megan said, but also like the cornerstone is really, they're going to be trained on how to help people figure out their vision, purpose, and goals. And once someone has that, that kind of dictates, like for example, if one of our, our coaching, uh, students, when they bring someone through the vision and goals challenge, and that person, they, they may say that they wanna lose 15 pounds in 90 days, and then that's what they're gonna coach 'em on. So it's almost like when you lead with vision and goals, it's really dependent upon what that prospect, what they want it. They don't even have to self-identify, well, I'm gonna be a health and wellness coach.

It's like, no, no, your mission is to help people with their vision and goals and whatever that they want. You're just gonna help 'em go get it. So it creates clarity where they don't have to really stress about, okay, could I be a health coach or could I be a fitness? 'cause when they think health coach, they think of some fitness influencer in a bikini or something. It's like, right.

You know, so, so, so part of our uniqueness of the system is they're gonna get really good at helping people clarify their God-given vision and very specific goals and whatever it is that they want. Health, wealth, love, and faith. Like whatever the outcomes that, that that client is seeking in that, uh, then they're just going to, you know, make the offer for them to coach 'em to go get those things. And it's, and it's always personal and professional. It's like if they're gonna coach somebody, they're gonna have maybe a marriage goal, but they're also gonna have probably a financial goal.

And it's like, okay, cool. Now that we've, we've really drilled down and, and we know exactly what you want, when you want it by, I'm gonna coach you. It's gonna take us six months or for that goal, it's gonna take us 12 months and we're gonna go get both tho the both of those things, if that makes sense. Right. Okay.

Yeah. So you don't, so you don't recommend that they niche down or anything? Well, what's interesting, you want me to go Yes. And then I, yep. So what's interesting is like the niche down conversation gets so confu fusing for so many people, they spin themselves around and they, they rarely figure it out.

And it, and it creates a reason for them to, to, to be very slow in their, their action. And what's so cool is the vision and goals challenge is every single human being can relate to. I wouldn't mind having a, a vision board in a prayer board to know where the heck I want to go, you know, for the rest of 2025. So anybody, it's, it's very marketable to, to, to, you know, if I'm the student and I went through Megan's vision and goals challenge, and I've got this prayer board, vision board, it's gonna span across my health, my marriage, and my financial goals. And when I have that, it's like, gosh, all all I need to do is put other people through that they're gonna get clear on their goals.

So it makes it where they can post online about it. Hey, I'm, I'm looking to bring 10 other people through my vision and goals challenge, you know, I'm, um, I'm hooked up with, she is wealthy, I'm getting certified, I am a new coach. I'm not saying I'm the expert, but Megan's the expert and here's why she's awesome. And I just went through her process. I love her process.

So if you wanna clarify your God-given vision and your goals, it's free to join. Here's how it's only three, three videos and I'm gonna personally coach you for free on how to get the outcome. So what's nice is you don't have to be niched into anything to get people to watch, uh, a training around getting their vision and their goals clear, and then those people make their vision boards and prayer boards and then, you know, they can get them as clients. So it's, it's interesting. It's, it's really in a way general 'cause vision and goals applies to everybody.

And then whatever, whatever is that, 'cause some people will say they could be 300 pounds and be like, I never thought I'd be a health coach, but that's what this client Sally wanted, and I just held her accountable to what she wanted and she lost weight. You know? So, and it kind of also ties into, we don't need to be the expert. We're gonna become the experts at helping people achieve their goals. We don't have to be the expert on any of these niches.

We're gonna be the best at clarifying their goals and holding 'em accountable to getting their goals. Okay. That, I'm gonna wanna just like add onto that Michael, just so with, that's like the unique mechanism is going to be that marketing system that just gives 'em the confidence. Like you can, you can coach anybody if you can hold, hold them accountable to their goals and their vision. Yes.

Inside of the coaching curriculum, I do talk about niche marketing. So I do talk about mm-hmm. Over time, like if you realize, hey, like, like, um, what Keith brought up, like, well what if they wanna have like their own thing? Like they wanna, they, they no longer wanna use the vision goal challenge. Like what do they go and what do they do at that time?

Um, if they really feel strongly because they've worked with different people, they realize I actually enjoy working with in the health sphere, or actually enjoy in the parenting sphere. It's like then there is in the curriculum teaching them to drill down into that niche. I have a, a business, um, and launch template that they go through where it goes down in deep into their avatar. And so, um, from a high level, it's the, everything is built for them to get clients. And then once they get comfortable with that, then it's kind of picking, okay, what niche do I, I wanna see myself in?

Does that help clarify everything? It's kind of like, it's a, it's an an and, and we have this too. So it, it's almost like if, when, when people start wide with the vision and goals, it, it allows them to bypass all the shenanigans with trying to figure out who they are and what niche. And it makes it easier for 'em to start. And to Megan's point, if I bring 10 people through the vision and goals challenge, and I get five clients, of those five clients, let's say, you know, four of 'em get awesome results on health.

I maybe if I'd never thought of myself as, as a health coach, but now I have four testimonials and four success stories that then allows me to market those success stories. And so it's kind of like, it's almost like the action of the vision and goals challenge. It will, our process will help them niche down in time. Yes. Right.

You know, by start, start the way that we're telling you to start so you can get clients in the door quickly, and then through the results of your clients, that will dictate where you get the most enjoyment and the most pay because it's just gonna be a byproduct of their success stories. And then their marketing, like their marketing plan afterwards is, is getting their clients to post about 'em and sharing their testimony and things like that. So it kind of helps them navigate to drill down to then market themselves specific to that based on their results. Yeah. Right.

Yeah. And the reason that I ask is just 'cause I know that new coaches are terrified and it's hard to get them to cross that threshold. So that's, that's why I was asking. Yeah. Uh, on that stem.

Another thing, um, Nick and Megan is, is there like a, is there like a specific point where like the coaches get like great confidence or they're like, totally, there's like a flipping point where they're like, I wasn't so comfortable and now I I am to continue building this business. Is there like one specific moment that you guys see, or like an event that happens? So built into the curriculum is that they must do peer-to-peer coaching. So what peer-to-peer coaching means is that for X amount of sessions, they're the coach and X amount of sessions, they're the client. Mm-hmm.

So they're not in addition to their one-on-one coach, they get within the program, they're actually getting coached by their peers. Mm-hmm. And what they uh, do is if they are the coach, for instance, in peer-to-peer, they do a self-evaluation every single session that's part of the curriculum. And then the client, the, the peer-to-peer client does a feedback for the coach. Mm-hmm.

And so what that does is it allows them to see, oh my gosh, this person had breakthrough. I didn't think that they achieved that. You know what I mean? Because we're we're our own worst critic. And we could think like, man, that was a terrible session.

And then they go and they get this evaluation and it was like, this is where it helped me, this thank you. You know, this is where I've rated it at. And so the peer-to-peer coaching is where we see where people, then they really feel the confidence 'cause they're actually coaching people. It's not a role play, it's a real play. Right.

Awesome. So like generating their own result or case study in a sense, you guys are helping manufacture that. Correct. And they can use that as a testimonial, right. Promoting their coaching business because they actually coached that person.

Got it. Another example that's, um, I feel like when people, um, go through the visioning goals challenge themselves and they have their own like breakthrough experience and their own clarity. There's a, there's, there's a pop of enthusiasm of like, wow, this was really great for me personally and now I can give it to other people. So it's kind of like that it, it's a different level. Like what Megan's talking about is that like the peer to peer is major confidence.

Okay, I can really go build and do this. But in advance of that, or the precursor is like the vision and goals challenge is a, is a, when they see results from it personally, there's uh, an enthusiasm of, I I can bring 10 people through this. Like, this was really cool and now I have this vision board and you know, so Cool. So that's like a, the real initial spark where they're basically like full bandwagon, you think? Okay.

Yeah, that's a great way to put it. Initial spark of like, okay, I can do this. And then the peer-to-peer is like, okay, I can, I can get paid for this and I can, I can really help people. I've proven that I can be a coach. Okay.

I love that. That makes complete sense. I know they say it so casually, I'm like, you guys have no idea how massive that is for people. Yeah. Yeah.

I think, uh, uh, and you, I don't know what you guys think, but I think one of the biggest selling points to me is the fact that, 'cause that's why I asked about the confidence point. I thought it would probably be getting experience and getting case studies. And I, to me, I think a lot of the people try and sell before that point. And so they have money blocks and they have all this stuff and it kind of feels out of alignment. But if you're able to actually get the experience and the case study first, then everything kind of naturally comes, comes to you.

Like the energy, the confidence, the experience, like all that comes first. And you're not like ba basically doing a fake it before you make it type thing, which is what most selling systems actually do. It's kind of like, yeah, you learn something, then you just go pitch a whole bunch of people or you try and make all this money, but like you have this big confidence road roadblock that it's hard for a lot of people to get over, especially your target market. Right? We're not talking to 20-year-old, 20-year-old guys.

You Right. Selling like DM clipping and stuff, whatever is popular now, you know? So, um, yeah. To me I think like that's one of the biggest flipping moments in, in the message by far. It's kind of like doing it opposite of what, what most people preach and do.

Right? So it's like less focus on the money, more focus on actually being a great coach first and then the money follows. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. I love it.

Yeah. And to not have that, you know, I love what you said about this is not fake it till you make it, you know, where it's like they're being equipped and guided. Hmm. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's great. Um, I'm, I'm tapped out right now.

There's probably stuff that'll come over, but I sympathize, sympathize with Megan. I have a few kids, so I'm like usually holding, holding one. My wife's holding one, so I don't wanna hold you guys up anymore. Um, but uh, yeah, this was great. Thank you so much to both you.

Cool. Well, appreciate you guys. Nick and Megan, I'm always here. You have a direct line to me. Um, Keith, I'm here to support you and, and just wanna say, you know, to you Michael O'Brien, so appreciate you.

I know we haven't had a chance. I, you know, I talked to Michael A. Little bit, but, um, you know, we have a, a very big vision and dream for this business and, and you guys are that engine, right? It's the ability to produce great marketing, great company that represents the life changing trainings that we have. And so I'm so, so, so grateful for you.

So you're always welcome. Anything you need, you're always welcome to reach out to me. Um, and so let me know, especially with this, anything I can do to support if we need another call, if we need another five calls, uh, whatever. We're here for you man. Awesome.

Thank you guys so much. And, um, if we want to jump in a slack, you know, I'm, I can, I mean we, Megan and I both, I mean, we, we can be readily available, you know, for anything. Copy, any questions. I mean, you name it, you know, we want to definitely give everything we've got to, you know, uh, just help equip you guys, you know, so we crush this out of the gate. That, Would that be helpful for you, Keith?

Yeah, that would, that would be great that I have a certain angle or something that is going in my head. If I could flip it to Nick when he has time, that'd be awesome. Yep. I'll set up a channel for us and uh, I'll invite you and, uh, you and Megan to it as well. Awesome.

I just wanna, uh, one thing, couple things 'cause I, I was taking notes of what Todd said is like, um, what, like is all included in the offer, um, for the marketing system they get a what's called coaching the challenge cheat sheet. So it's like literally telling 'em exactly what to do, setting up their Calendly link, getting their strip, getting their paper, like it's step by step. Um, and then they are also getting, um, a done for you client workbook so that they can use to bring their clients through. Um, and they also just in case they can't figure out what kind of program to put together, um, I've put a done for you six month coaching program together for vision to achievement program. If they're like, well I'm not sure what to do week to week, it literally has them what they do week to week and action and homework that they would give their clients.

So it's just something, um, that we've also have inside of the offer that I wanted to let you know about. Yeah, that, that's great. 'cause it's, it's like the coaching, it's like the vision goals system is to help, I mean it's Megan coaching their clients. For them it's Megan selling for them, but to her point, it's like they still have to get the paying client and then, you know, what she's saying is, I mean, she's got the framework and the, the, the resource to, for them to actually use to coach their clients. So it's like, we've got the done for you client getting system, you know, and then we've got the certification and then the done for you, you know, how to actually coach your clients.

So try to cover all bases. We try and make the idiot proof the business how make It easy as possible for people to get results and also be able to say, okay, I can do this because you've provided all of this to me. So we've been in this for a long time and we've seen like what are the things that people are missing or what stops them? And we've overcome all of those objections. Yeah.

When I was going through the webinar and studying this, uh, that's literally like the main thing. I was like, they've handled pretty much everything you could, you could think of. It's just mashing the great message together Right. And getting something that, that will truly take off. Um, is is as far as like I have the old page you guys used, how much different I know that you, is there anything different that shouldn't be on here?

I mean, I have like the, you guys have the group, let's see, one-on-one weekly, 30 minutes white label version. Obviously the certificate, obviously the book PR isn't on this 'cause that was a limited time thing. That's correct. Yeah. Yeah.

Business in a box. So are you guys a, are you guys able to just do like a, um, a text version as well of everything we went over? Just like itemized version of what's gonna be in the new one? Yeah. Okay.

Yeah, because we kind of put them into an existing program and kind of bonused what was already happening. Mm-hmm. The expert mentor calls won't be on there. And then the, the book and PR won't be on there, but, um, I'll do an itemized list so that it's clean. Thank you so much.

Oh, one one last thought this just, this just hit me. There's a few different types of testimonials. Do you, do you guys, is there any way you guys can dig up a few of like, objection based testimonials or I had to overcome my, my faith or beliefs or whatever it is, testimonials and there's other ones that's like, Hey, I landed a client within the first two weeks, 30 days, 60 days, whatever, I was able to get X amount of client. Right? So it's kind of like a, a few different angles behind them.

Um, just so we can cover as many, you know, widespread of the audiences as possible. Um, yes, I will, I have a meeting with my coaches who coach the clients, so I will on, um, getting some of that feedback. I'm kind of back in the saddle this month. I took as much time off as I could and now I'm, I'm back to the meetings and scheduled. So yes, I wrote that down and I'll talk with them on the my Coaches meeting.

Thank you so much We can do is we have, um, we've got testimonials from the, she is wealthy mastermind, so it's got like she's wealthy branding. We've got like some of the event testimonials where people went through the academy and, and so I think we can scrub through those and find some some really good usable stuff. And then separate from that, you know, Megan's got a very tight relationship with a bunch of clients that she's been working with one-on-one. And we, if we need to fill in any gaps or even if there's like scripts we wanna put together for specific testimonials, there's a handful of clients, you know, that I think we could corral to kind of get us exactly what we want. Um, so that's just something to be thinking about if there's like Yeah.

What I, yeah, what I would say is I think we want to just be a little, little, uh, more gingerly and just not necessarily, I, I wouldn't say script, but we can have prompted questions that Yep. Elicit the natural responses so that Nick or Megan could say, okay, so what's the one thing from the course that got you the biggest breakthrough? You know, what about that one thing? How valuable was it to you in your life? You know, what would you tell to somebody who's not sure if this pro, you know, we could kind of have those prompted questions or, you know, how did the program help you overcome your fear of, you know, not having experience?

And then what I always do is I always tell 'em, you know, answer Miss America style and have them repeat the question and say, oh, well, you know, the number one way that the program helped you overcome, you know, not having, you know, experience coaching, is that it, you know, it did this. And then we can have those video both for video print, uh, transcript, whatever. That would be huge if Yeah. If we could get those questions like that structure that you guys want. I think Megan, if we just, you know, corralled like the most recent certification students and you know, just asked each of them to, you know, to make those videos and, um, even if there's, if you want the videos like a certain way, if they're like selfie style or whatever, but if we could frame that up, then we could get a bunch of fresh ones Exactly.

Hitting those targets that we want. Okay, great. That's all for me. All right, everybody good? I have a question.

Go ahead. So just to make sure that I'm clear, uh, since we're about to hop off, so this program is basically specifically designed with the marketing argument that you need to learn how to become a good coach first and then worry about the subject matter later. Am I, is that like a really easy 10 yard line done everybody shout at once? Sorry. That's, that's what I, that's what I alluded to suggesting that the, the flip over point more, or as far as the messaging in the market is everyone focuses on the money and stuff like that first and like a certain skill you just go monetize the money, rather what you should be focusing on the purpose and impact that you provide through coaching to other people and then everything else follows.

Is that, is that what you mean? That's what I was suggesting it seems like to me. Yeah, well, yeah. So I mean, so, um, you know, with the peer-to-peer coaching, the cheat sheet, the workbook, right? Where you get kind of a business in a box, but on top of it, it is focused on building you into a great coach.

So then you can take those skills and put them into whatever subject matter you want versus like, you hire the best chess player on the planet, but the chess player has no idea how to teach you how to play chess. And then you're both just staring at each other, like, and then it's awkward. Am I like, am I surmising that correctly? Yeah. Based on, based on what I said.

Yeah. To me, to me it's more of, um, to me I think it's gonna come out more of like, you can't be empathetic and ha and like, and really provide purpose and help people unless you, if, unless you're able to align in like, and support them on a deeper level rather than just trying to sell them chasing money, you're actually like aligning with purpose through the other person, right? So, um, so it's much more of an emotional deeper aspect when everyone else is like, here, learn this skill, just go make a whole bunch of money. And we're, we're teaching the impact and the purpose, um, helping other people find their purpose, which is going to lead to the money. It's basically like creating a, a series of of, um, emotional moments if that makes, if that makes sense.

Um, and then the money follows, so it's just kind of like reverse, right. You know? Um, but then the big part and the mechanism is that we still get you the clients right away, so you don't have to worry about all those things. It's already done for you. You can focus on the coaching and actually having a purpose to what you want to do in, in life.

Right? That's kind of where I think that's, that's where it really lies. Um, uh, which is, like I said, completely opposite to, to all the competitors that, that I've seen. Um, and I think that would align a lot better with, uh, the target audience. Yeah.

What's coming up for me is, I think it's just, yeah, the more you can tie in like some of the, like the done for you pieces to it, um, I, I, yeah, I I think you're, you're on the right track and I guess, and I, and I don't know if this is right or wrong, but I, I just always lean so heavy on just like the, you know, the DRE system and they don't have to have the knowledge because we're going to, you know, they could leverage our system to get the clients, things like that. Um, but yeah, I think, I think that's on the right track. No, yeah, yeah. Don't, I don't want you to misunderstand me. That's the main selling point.

That's the, that's the mechanism, the main selling point that provides the most relief. Immediately it gets them the earliest, like the quickest, the quickest win. What I'm saying is basically the underlying emotional relief is that they don't have to learn all that first. They can actually focus on being a, a good coach. You know what I mean?

Okay. Rather than learning how to sell and all this stuff immediately, because the biggest objections of how to make money is I gotta learn to sell, I gotta learn how to write a post, I gotta learn how to brand and all these things. That's all taken off your plate. 'cause the system provides it all for you and you can just actually focus on providing a great purpose and being a great coach, asking the right questions, right. 'cause everything else is basically done for you.

And to me that basically like aligns your soul and your purpose a little bit more. You can feel good about it, right. And doing it consistently because you're not really chasing money. You're, you're, you're chasing a higher purpose of helping people. Right?

Yeah. And one thing that just popped up is like, um, IIII would often talk about, you know, learning this system and really you're learning a skill. So it's, it's kind of like, you know, when you, when you go to college, you're learning new skills, you get a new job, you're learning new skills. Like when you learn this coaching skill, you can own your calendar, you can own create your own lifestyle. You can, like what other business can you give yourself a raise at any time?

Mm-hmm. And so when you learn the coaching skill, you can come out of the gate at 250 bucks an hour when you learn the coaching skill after six months or a year, imagine going from 250 an hour to 500 bucks an hour. Mm-hmm. So it's just like, you know, the, the concept of um, you know, learning a new skill, um, there's some, you know, that that's just a talking point that we've had in the past. Okay.

Yeah. That makes, that Makes sense. And, and uh, being able to give yourself a raise, I don't know if that applies anywhere, but it's like, it's very interesting to think of like, gosh, I just get good at coaching and you can charge a thousand dollars an hour. You know, it's, it's like there's no ceiling to it. Um, you know, we've proven, you know, you can, you can have an eight figure business as a coach and, and, but um, yeah, just that's kind of a little fodder for like the money conversation stuff.

But Yeah, I, I think it will lead into, 'cause the, the thing I definitely want, I see what you're saying. I wouldn't want to lead into like a seven figure business 'cause I think that would be too attainable for a lot of people. But the co but the giving yourself a consistent raise, you could, I think we could definitely out the gate make an argument of like, Hey, this is how much you could charge. And then as you get more experience, you start feeling a lot more confident, which then you're like, Hey, I can keep giving myself a raise as I'm getting all these amazing testimonials, case studies and everything that becomes easy at that point, you know? Um, so I think that's a really good chain of, of benefits.

One other thing is that there was a study done a couple years ago, and according to the ICF, the International Coaching Federation, the average hourly rate for a coach in the United States was 139 bucks. And that's very interesting because who wouldn't love to make 139 bucks an hour, you know, outta the gate. Yeah. You know, and there's a lot of people that make a lot more, you know, so, um, but yeah, just an interesting stat. That's good.

Cool. Well, great questions, great drill. Nick, thank you for being available. I set up the Slack channel. I'm sure we'll have a lot more coming as we get closer and as, uh, these guys start to, to work their magic.

And so anything anybody needs, let's put in the Slack channel. Let's include everybody in the conversation. Let's go from there. Awesome. Awesome.

Thanks. Thank you so much guys. Appreciate it. Thanks Dick. Bye.
