---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-11-19 18:01:18"
date: 2024-11-19
duration: 25m
duration_seconds: 1520
vimeo_id: 1031255038
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-11-19 18:01:18

**Date:** 2024-11-19 | **Duration:** 25m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, guys, welcome back. Uh, so this week what we're gonna be talking about is a simple principle, which we've talked about, you know, once or twice before, maybe more than that, um, before. But we are gonna talk about the contrast principle and the necessity of really using contrast in marketing. This is something that I think is an extremely simple kind of idea or concept to grasp, but for whatever reason, it often gets, um, lost or left out or just not utilized most effectively in, um, in copy. And so I want to go through the, the kind, the principle of contrast.

Make sure that we're all on the same page with this, and then give you just some kind of examples or really places that you can use, um, contrast in marketing. And I'll point out the ones that I kind of primarily tend to, um, to go to. So let me go ahead and share my screen over here. And, uh, let's just go right here. So, uh, first, and for, so you guys can see my screen, right?

Little? You can see this? Yep. Okay, good. So first thing is, you know, is, um, understanding contrast, right?

And contrast is really, it's, it's, it's exactly what it is that you likely think it is, right? It's the state of being different from something else. So in these two images, for example, you can see contrast between these. If, let's say you had a black and white image, and then on the right you had a colored image, right? You're gonna be able to see significant contrast between, uh, between those two images.

Ultimately, what it is that really foundationally to not make this any more complex or complicated than what it needs to be, when we're talking about contrast in marketing, it's showing the difference, the differences between our solution, our mechanism, ultimately our offer, and or the severity of the problem that our product solves, or the volume of benefits that ours provides in contrast to the other options, in contrast to the other choices that a prospect has. And so, uh, the, the kind of the takeaway to give you the takeaway in advance before we go through this, um, is that it is not merely enough to, to simply say what something does or what's good about something absent of providing contrast against the others. So in other words, um, in other words, you don't simply want to state a, um, a positive aspect or attribute or characteristic about a given mechanism or product or offer absent of showing the negative, the negatives of the others. In other words, providing contrast against the other options out there. And so, right principle of contrast is psychological tool can make your product, or, so this came from the, the, the web came, uh, can make your product appear more appealing by comparing it or contrasting it to something else, right?

To, and, and in this case it is ours does x, while the others only do a, uh, you know, uh, here, let me, let me give you these where to use contrast. These are the different places that you can use contrast and using contrast in copy, I really want you to think of it to really simplify this and to kind of just give you a, a simple kind of template, if you will, to use this. It's like, uh, I want you to imagine in each of these instances that we're saying something along the lines of, unlike the other solutions that only do X or that do X hours does y unlike the others, unlike the typical approach, which requires LNOP hours only requires L, right? Um, unlike this, which does this, ours, this, and ultimately we're using that to obviously highlight, uh, a positive in contrast with a negative. And so first thing is, and this is in no particular order of how you would use these, but the first thing is right, that you can certainly create contrast if we have a solution that addresses the real root cause, while the other solutions only address the symptom, right?

So you can create contrast with what it is that ours does, not merely by just saying hours, addresses the root cause, but by creating contrast and saying, unlike the others that only, uh, deal with the symptom hours, addresses the root cause. Make sense? Very simple, straightforward problem severity. This is just, if ours addresses a deeper, more severe problem compared to the other solutions, which address don't address the same severity of the problem, we're gonna create contrast between the two. The way that you use this, the kind of the, the, the, the template, if you will, is the same over and over.

So all I'm showing you here are just different aspects of the copy where you can create that contrast. And creating that contrast is really nothing more than referencing what those do against what ours do differently. And of course, what ours do differently in this context is better, is positive, certainly speed, right? The speed at which our solution works, the speed at which our solution produces the result, the transformation, speed of implementation, if others require 10 steps and hours requires five steps. If others require hours of work and hours requires minutes of work, speed, of course, ease power, right?

So ease is obviously simplicity. The ease of actually, um, it could either be the ease of using the mechanism, the ease of learning the mechanism, uh, or the ease by which the mechanism produces the result power. This is just the, the magnitude of the result that, that this produces. If we were offering a weight loss solution and our help people strip off five pounds a week of body fat, let's just say, and the others were all, you know, one to two pounds a week, right? That's an example of, uh, uh, an example of power.

And we wouldn't, again, just state hours absent of contrast against the others, safety, reliability. These are all really in, in, in essence, these are really kind of, if you, if you notice, if you're paying attention, you could see that things like speed, ease, power, safety, reliability really come into play in the superiority claim that we make in the thesis, in the campaign thesis. And so, right, like when we're proving that this is faster, when we're proving that this is easier, when we're proving that this is more powerful, that this is safer, that this is more reliable than anything else, right? You have the ability to work in contrast with the others. And that would come in, in the, um, in the argument specifically in the chunk when we are illustrating why this is, why it's faster, why it's easier, why it's more powerful, why it's safer and so on, um, benefits.

So in this context, contrast it. So number one, certainly if you've got a, um, a unique selling proposition, meaning where you've got you, you know, the, you're, you're talking about a product or a service that offers a unique benefit not offered by other competing, um, products, right? You can create contrast in there where, uh, unlike the others which don't address or don't produce X, this, this does, um, you can also do this in terms of volume of benefits. So like this not only impacts, right? Like, you know, look at, look at the common solutions which only produce X and Y.

This produces A, B, C, D, E, F, G, X, and Y result. So in this regard, right? It's, you can use this, this, if you have a USP, you can also use this if there is a, uh, a, a greater volume of benefits. Now, lemme just stop for one second and say this, that, right? Obviously where there is no contrast there, there is no significant contrast to be made against the others.

That is where I would potentially be looking at. Is this necessary in the argument for proving the thesis? That's really a different conversation for a, a different training or a different meeting. Um, but I would say that if there is no substantial contrast to make or, or highlight, uh, then I would question whether it's warranted in the argument based on the campaign thesis. Next one is probably the, um, biggie.

And so, um, and that is the emotions. And I believe that this is one that can apply in every scenario. I can't think of a scenario where this wouldn't, uh, this wouldn't apply. Um, but so emotions here is really ultimately contrasting how they feel now against how they will feel after they reap the rewards of the solution, right? And so this, this goes back to the, the, excuse me, um, functional dimensionalized, or as Michael likes to say, experiential, um, and emotional benefits, right?

The, uh, this is where in the emotional benefit, right? When you're stating the emotional benefit, that's where you can also build in contrast rather than merely stating the, uh, the emotional benefit. You can just weave in a little contrast. And I'm gonna give you an example of this. Um, it, I, I think on the next, uh, on the next slide, a very simple example, but this should be very straightforward for you, right?

We're contrasting how they feel now, uh, or their common experience, what they deal with on a day-to-day basis, or the feelings and emotions that they have, um, when using the common solutions or the typical solutions, uh, right, versus how they'll feel when they're using our solution, how they feel now dealing with the problem, dealing with the issue compared to how they'll feel afterwards when they're no longer dealing with the issue, when it's when it's been resolved. And so before I, before I go on, right? So I would say that I'm typically using, uh, contrast here with, uh, emotions. And I'll typically build it in with the, um, the speedies, power, safety, reliability, uh, um, those are the two biggies in the marketing argument. Those are the two kind of core areas that I tend to, um, use it with.

Oftentimes the problem that we're addressing is the same problem. And oftentimes, right, we're not making a distinction between root cause and symptom in the, um, in the marketing copy. So most of the time, ultimately, we're addressing the same problem that everybody else in the marketplace is addressing, and we're just showing them that we've got a different solution. And then what we're doing is we're showing them the benefits of that solution, what make that solution superior, right? And we're contrasting it with the experience that they have with the typical mechanisms, uh, and, and typical, um, solutions out there.

And so, um, next is going kind of into the offer. This is just one little example. If there is assistance included, like coaching, handholding, guidance, whether it's group coaching, one-on-one coaching, right? You can contrast that with the typical offer, right? Unlike the typical home study course where you're left on your own right to figure things out, you know, and, and trying to figure out what to do if you don't get the result you're looking for here, contrast, right?

Your hand is held every step of the way. You'll know exactly what to do each moment, uh, blah, blah, blah, and you'll never, you'll never encounter a problem that doesn't get solved. So you can feel comfortable and excited knowing that no, no obstacle is gonna stand in your way of reaching your result. That's an example of building in contrast. Simple.

Same thing with price. Uh, now look, price you can build in contrast, you certainly, depending on, you know, there's a lot of different ways to build in contrast with price. You can build in contrast with price in terms of the total value of what it is that they are getting in comparison or in contrast to the price that they're paying, right? If you're, especially if you're offering some sort of discount or deal or anything like that, depending on the, um, the, the price as it, how it compares to competitors, you could build in contrast there. But what you, the savviest way to build in price is, um, is how it is framed, how, how the product is framed.

Let me give you an, let me give you an example. So, um, let's say, uh, I'm just gonna give a wild example for a second. Let's say that we, we framed, um, a a course, uh, here, here's a better example. So in the biz op, uh, income generation market, there used to be a very popular offer model. Uh, John fam John's no doubt familiar with this from the Dan Kennedy days of the business in a box, right?

Where it is, it's positioned, it's framed, it's presented rather than as a training or a home study course. It's a business in a box. It's everything that you need to, um, to launch and have a wildly successful business, whatever that may be, right? It could be, you know, know, you know, a graphic design business or whatever, ghostwriting business, a business in a box. Well, ultimately, then you can create contrast.

Well, let me ask you this. So knowing that, knowing that we're framing it as a business in a box, what could you contrast this with this business in a box with, in terms of price point, a franchise, right? You can, you can contrast it with a franchise, right? That, but unlike, you know, in, in most businesses, you know, complete businesses, franchises, you're gonna pay 50,000, a hundred thousand, 125,000, right? Even upwards of a million dollars plus.

Whereas here, right, for $5,000, you get a complete business, right? And so that is based on the framing of it, right? And so because we're presenting it as a business in the box and throughout the, the, uh, the argument, if you will, and the, the the body copy, we would position it in a similar light to a franchise and almost compare it to a franchise, right? Uh, you can create contrast with price, make sense guarantee work, similar to, uh, to what I said about the assistance included, you know, coaching included guarantee could be if no, no, none of the others offer any kind of guarantee. The contrasting with the risk that you're taking with that and the no risk here with this particular offer, um, you could also, depending on the type of guarantee that you, uh, you know, you're offering, like if you're offering a double your money back, right?

Uh, you can contrast this is when if you were offering a double money back guarantee, you could contrast this against the typical guarantee offered, like typical 30 day unconditional, right? But we would now highlight the negatives of that being that we're offering a double, right? Which is that you're still risking, you know, there's still capital involved or, or, or, or whatever, unlike ours, which, you know, unlike here, which blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you get, you, you know, you either walk away with the result or you double your money, you absolutely cannot lose, you benefit either, um, either way. And so any questions about any of these or anything that I've said thus far? No, no.

Good. Okay. Very, very simple. Like I said, it's a simple thing, but if you look at a lot of copy, you'll see that it, there is often contrast is skipped, yet contrast makes, um, makes the statement, makes whatever it is that we're presenting that much more powerful, really that much more persuasive. It's kind of like, look, you know, you can't appreciate or you can't, you don't fully appreciate a colored photo until it is put next to a black and white photo, and you don't really appreciate how dull and absent of detail a black and white photo is until you place it next to a colored photo.

And so giving that contrast, right? It's so subtle, it's so small, it's so easy, but it has a big, um, a big impact or can have a big impact when done right? Uh, and I think it's extremely, extremely easy to pull off, uh, based on what it is that I already shared with you. Here is a simple example just, uh, just to kind of, kind of put a bow on this, a simple example of contrast in copy. This is now on the emotional side.

And you could see, right? Never again will you feel humiliated when you take your shirt off at the beach. Instead, you'll notice women looking and men admiring as you confidently strut around with a six pack, the contrast of, right? Like, instead of just saying, right? Uh, instead of leaving out that first part and just saying, you'll, you know that after this, you'll notice women looking and men admiring as you confidently strut around with a six pack, has a different feel and a different vibe.

When you say right after this, never again will you feel humiliated. Never again will you feel self-conscious taking your shirt off at the beach instead. Now you'll notice women looking men admiring as you confidently strut around with a six pack or maybe even just as you strut around with your six pack, right? That little bit of contrast of how you feel now or how you felt in the past. And this is especially effective when obviously, and I shouldn't have to say this, but this is especially effective when the emotion is real and experienced by the prospect, right?

This is the value really of, uh, of understanding like the, the before and after in terms of when it comes to the examination stage, in terms of really understanding what it is that they see, what it is that they hear, what it is that they e experience, and of course the web analysis, like what it is that they are feeling, the emotions that they're having right now, really getting tuned in tune with that. And of course, if the, uh, prospect feels strongly, uh, in a negative way or has strong emotions that they just wanna escape, that they just don't wanna experience anymore, weaving them in is extraordinarily powerful. Again, it's that contrast and it's that subtle reminder of where you're going, where you are, where you've been, and where you're going. Make sense? That's it.

Does anybody have anything to add to this? Anything to add? Anything that you'd like to ask, add pile on top of contrast? No, that's, that's okay. I mean, I think that it's, it is, like I said at the very beginning, it is, I mean, one, one thing I will say is like, Todd, just, just quickly just to jump on it, like we're using for some of our clients in the agency, we're using contrast ads that are working really well.

So like the, the, like, let's imagine an image ad for like, and for say for one of our clients in the supplement space, we have a contrast ad where it's using the supplement, what it's gonna be like versus not using it. So, and like, part of what we're playing into is in the, like, obviously the benefits of using it, and we're like, we're not really tying into the emotions, um, which is something we can definitely improve, but like using that contrast in our, in the messaging and the ads is seems to be working well because people are right in, in a certain place right now that might wanna feel a, a different way. And then using contrast to, to make that bridge is, is something that we're, that, that, that's working well for us. Yeah, good. I, I love hearing that, you know, and I think, look, if you really look at, like, if you start to, um, just pay attention now to, uh, to infomercials, um, not all but many, uh, maybe go as far as to say that most, what you'll see is they leverage contrast in a variety of different ways.

One of the simplest ways that they do it is often in the beginning when they're covering the problem, the issue, the feelings and the emotions, it's in black and white. The the actual infomercial shows black and white footage, and then they go to color. Or oftentimes what you'll see is they'll go right, the after when they're celebrating, when they're successful, when they're is bright, is vibrant. There's a lot of light in the shot, right? They're just ultimately trying to leverage as much contrast as they, um, as they possibly can in video, of course, uh, you know, infomercials, video ads, right?

There's a lot of things that you can do, uh, to, um, to, to build in contrast that have nothing to do with the copy. Like, you know, creating this black and white music, you know, uh, and then vibrant light, uh, and more upbeat music. You even see things like, look, you know, oftentimes like, look, you know, you could say that in ugly VSLs, and this is different from what it is that I'm talking about here, but in ugly video, uh, uh, VSLs, you can see that oftentimes I try to present contrast on different slides with certain words by either bolding them or making them a different color to really make them pop, to really make them stand out, to really draw your eye to that against others. And so the point is, is that right? Like, you know, absent of contrast, right?

You don't get the full power, the full force. This includes things like n video, black and white to color music from, you know, sad to upbeat, light, all that, um, bolding all that, but also in the copy itself, in the comparison or the contrasting of the before emotions and the after emotions, the struggles with the common solutions and what life is like with this solution, right? The, the, you know, the ease of getting the result or the difficulty of getting the result compared to the ease of getting the result, the speed at which, you know, the, the, the long slog that it normally takes to now the speed, right? Bringing those two together, not just focusing on just the benefit alone, but now, right? Like weaving in the, um, that contrast.

And if you look, you'll often see, you'll see it done with, right? Like, now you don't have to worry anymore about X, Y, Z, you'll never experience element element op anymore. Instead now you'll blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. All of that is just contrast. All of that is right, is contrast when you hear like, you know, no more popping, endless, you know, tablets and capsules in the morning to get your daily nutrients.

Now it's only two. That's contrast, right? But they didn't just say, you'll only pop two capsules right now instead of having a pop endless, instead of right constantly having to reorder your thing, paying an arm and a leg and choking down these tablets, now it's just two small tiny tablets a day or whatever, or, or whatever. That's contrast. That is contrast.

And so if you look at copy, good copy through that lens or copy in general with an eye for contrast, you'll see it used throughout. You'll see it used throughout. And so, make sense? Good. That's all she wrote for today.

Very simple contrast. Weave it in guys. All right, you guys are outta here. That's it. I'll see you next week.

Thanks, Todd. Thanks. You got it.
