---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-10-01 14:16:02"
date: 2024-10-01
duration: 43m
duration_seconds: 2595
vimeo_id: 1014857195
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-10-01 14:16:02

**Date:** 2024-10-01 | **Duration:** 43m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

There is a new book for marketers that is taking the industry by storm. I cannot believe how quickly this thing is racking up rave reviews. And so today, in this video, we're gonna talk about it. We're gonna talk about some of the key principles shared. We're gonna talk about why it's so valuable, and we are going to dive in.

Now, I've gotta say this upfront. I, I am not the author of this book. I wish I was, but I am not. But I am certainly biased because I know the content, um, of this book. Uh, I knew the content prior to the book being published, and it is absolutely amazing.

This book is omics and it is by none other than John Moray. What's up, John? Super excited to talk about this, share some key takeaways, and then give folks the opportunity that are interested. A chance to go get, grab a copy. And so, what's up brother?

What's happening? You Good man. I'm so, I'm, I'm super excited. I was really looking forward to this because, um, like I said, I, you know, the, the reviews coming in already are just off the charts, uh, from some highly, you know, uh, praiseworthy individuals. And so I thought that this would be a great opportunity for us, not just to do a commercial for the book, but really to share some of the, kind of, some of the juicy bits.

There's a ton of information in there. And so, uh, I wanna talk about some things that, uh, I'm super excited about. But first give folks a little kind of general overview of the theme of the, the book. So it's called Omics. And so what is the, what's the overall theme of the book?

So the overall theme is essentially, um, engineering, your advertising and engineering, engineering your marketing to play a different game than what everybody else is playing. 'cause like, the people generally speaking, fall into one or two camps when it comes to, you know, making sales online. They need to go gungho and like up go Gungho on their funnel and try and get their conversion rates out to wazoo, whatever the case is, order on the other side of the coin where they, they go gungho on the media side, and they're all about the rads and the creatives and everything else. When with omics, we talk about those two things, but we also talk about the other element, the, the arguably more important element that very few people talk about, which is the economic side of things. And we combine media, we combine the marketing, and we combined the economics to give us the overall encompassing omics.

And to give you a, a system where you can essentially, I believe, rig the game of advertising in your favor. Yeah, well said. Man, you know, this, it's so interesting. It's, it's so great. First of all, I really believe that, you know, and again, you know, I'm biased, but this bias comes from the reality of this book.

So first and foremost, right? Um, I think that this book gives an insight into the economics, the numbers, the metrics and the right way to use those, that data in combination with paid advertising and marketing performance to be able to excel. And there isn't really any other publication, there's no book that, at least that not that I'm aware of, that addresses this key component. And it is a key component. We know anybody that's been a student of direct response for any significant length of time knows that this is a business that's all about psychology, communication, and arithmetic, right?

We know that psychology is all about the prospects and what they believe and what they're thinking and what they desire and what they don't desire and what problem they have. And all of that, all of the kind of the research, the, the, the, the stuff that we expose and uncover during the examination stage of the E five method. And then of course, there's communication based on what it is that we understand about the psychology of the prospect. What do we say and how do we say it? How do we frame things?

How do we position things? How do we present things right? To show the prospect that we've got the perfect and best solution for what it is that they ultimately want? And those two things are routinely and regularly addressed by a lot of marketing coaches and experts and authorities out there. But what people often forget is the arithmetic.

And what most people mistakenly think is that the arithmetic is merely talking about a numbers game. Like meaning that, like, look, you get more prospects, you make more money, you get more prospects, you produce more sales, right? Like, it's a numbers game. Like for salespeople, you want, you, you know, you wanna increase your sales, talk to more people, make more phone calls, get more leads, blah, blah, blah. But really at the heart and soul of this idea of arithmetic really is the, what we refer to as the economics.

And you have to understand and control and manage and make decisions by the psychology, communication, and the economics. And this book Omics is really the first book that addresses it, um, and addresses it in depth. And ultimately, like we've talked about in, in past videos, when you understand the psychology communication, which allows you to then understand how to do, uh, your creative for your paid, you know, your, your, your paid advertising as well as your creative, so to speak, uh, on, on the marketing performance side, you have so much more control. Like, and like you've always said, you ultimately are playing a different game, a different game than the average marketer and entrepreneur. And this game of being able to leverage economics along with marketing performance and, and uh, and media performance, um, is just, it, it's a much easier, simpler, much more efficient and effective game to play.

And so before we dive into the first kind of juicy bit, or what I see as the first juicy bit, is there anything that you would add to what it is that I just rambled on about? Well, I, I do wanna say one thing, and, and, and I mentioned to this, you, this to you privately, but the, the bulk of what is talked about in terms of the, the, the marketing strategy in this book and the, the marketing performance side of things and everything else I learned directly from you. So like, this, this book would not have been possible without, without Todd as well. So I want to give Todd as kudos because like, it's the, the framework. I've taken Todd's teachings and then I've applied our media buying strategy in behind it and our, and our thought process, but how, how we leverage things like the, the economic side of things, but also on the media side of things.

'cause I think what, like, I agree with what you said there, there, there, there aren't any books that I'm aware of that addresses these things, but I also didn't wanna just kind of like, for lack of a better phrase, just puke a load of stuff onto a, onto into a book. But I wanted to do it in a structured way. So we give people a foundation at the beginning on the things that they do need to understand that. Some people may look at that and they're like, okay, yeah, I get this already. But there's gonna be a lot of people that just haven't thought about their advertising or haven't talking thought, thought about their overall online business in a way that I think they should, and a a way that we talk about a lot ourselves, either internally or on these calls.

So we start off with that foundational, those foundational principles to, to give people the, the, the core understanding. And then we get into like, essentially what we talk about that we're really in the game of iteration when it comes to our marketing campaigns, and it comes to scaling our business that sure, some campaigns start off really well and, but the majority don't. And even the ones that do start off really well to, to get longevity out of them, we're always in this game of iteration. Even right now with the, I know I'm kind of rambling here, but even right now with the omics campaign itself, things have started off amazingly well, but there's a lot of things that we need to iterate on. There's a lot of things that we're working on behind the scenes to make sure that our economics are where we they need to be to ensure that we're getting what we want outta it as well.

'cause it's not just for, it's not just about conversion rates, and it's not just about getting, getting new buyers and getting new sales. It's what we wanna do with those things long term. So we're iterating right now on, on omics, and we'll be constantly iterating. And I wanted to give people a framework to, when it comes to iterating, what do they do and when do they need to do it, and where do they start and what are the steps they need to take? So we cover that in the book as well, is because yeah, a lot of people say, yeah, you need to iterate, but then, but how do you go about doing it?

And that's what I wanted, I wanted to give people as well in the book. Yeah, I, I love it, man. I, you know, I love the fact that look and there, there, there's so many things that we can, we can certainly talk about, but, you know, and I wanna, I wanna make sure that we give, you know, tremendous value in this video, which we're going to do. But I, you know, I wanna touch on two things. Um, first, you know, I wanna touch on what we mean in this context by this is a game of iteration, because I think that, that it's so important and so valuable what it is that you said, John, because I don't think that most marketers, certainly newer marketers and entrepreneurs realize that this is a game of iteration.

So in this context, when, when, when we talk about this is a game of iteration, what we ultimately mean is that it's foolish to expect that your first version of a completed campaign, a completed funnel, is going to be a home run grand slam. In other words, that your first at bat, uh, your first time launching, that first version of your funnel is going to be a grand slam home run. That's just not the game of direct response marketing. Direct response marketing is a game of engineering and then iterating, right? It's a game, meaning improving, enhancing, understanding how to identify the constraint in the funnel.

Like if it's not performing at the level that we need it to in terms of our cost per acquisition and our a OV understanding and identifying what is the constraint? What is the issue in the, in the funnel? Is it on the media side? Is it on the marketing performance side or as we've talked about before, is it on the economic side being able to identify what the constraint or the issue is so that we can pinpoint target where we focus our iteration. This is a game of first engineering, which really is, you know, is the, is the much quicker part of the process.

Once we engineer, we engineer, we launch the campaign, we get initial data back, and then we use that data to identify the constraint or the issue if it's not performing where we want it to, and then we iterate. And so you have to, everybody listening has to understand that direct response is a game of iteration. It's not a game of launching a home run, it's a game of iterating to a home run. And so that's the first thing. The second thing is, I just wanna address what you said about, you know, laying the foundation, because I think, you know, I loved how you, and we've talked about this many times before, how you cover the idea, the principle that we are investors as marketers, as entrepreneurs in the game of acquiring customers and then monetizing those customers.

It is a much healthier, smarter viewpoint to take thinking like an investor and recognizing that it is a, it's more about a game of cost versus value, cost versus revenue, rather than a game of merely marketing performance. Meaning our opt-in rate, our sales conversion rate, our order form, completion rate, our upsell take rate, right? All of those things, all of those things, all of those marketing performance metrics are really just tools that we use to get the right financial performance metrics, because that's the game that we're in. And so, the point being, right, and we've covered it before you cover it, there's, you know, one of many chapters in the book on this, is that right? Thinking like an investor, thinking like an investor, and right, you're looking to make a positive ROI on your investments, your investments in paid media and paid ads in, in the acquisition of buyers.

And so that's kind of the first place, and I know I'm, I'm leaping kind of way ahead in the, um, in omics, but I wanna talk a little bit about, uh, the, the difference between, you know, lifetime value, marginal net worth and monetization windows. And so, right, and so start, because I think that, you know, oftentimes, you know, look, I think that people can get confused. And so I wanna start by defining these. And so, uh, what, when we say lifetime value, what, what's really the accurate way to define that? So essentially, when we're looking at lifetime value, the way we look at it is, is generally speaking, you have a lifetime.

The, the value, the value of a average customer over a certain period of time. Now, we could use the lifetime if someone's, you know, they're, they're in business a long time, but let's say for argument's sake, we're, we're gonna look at a particular window of time. So that particular window of time, if we're looking at the life, the, the value of a customer over, or a buyer or however you wanna phrase it, over a 14 day period, that's a 14 day value for that customer. Like, so lifetime, it's a little bit like, we don't always use lifetime value because it's, you know, like some people, they don't have like a long lifetime in their, in their business. Others, they may be, their business may be running for, for many, many years.

So they do have a long time, but a, a, a longer lifetime value. So generally speaking, it's how much a customer is worth to you over a period of time. Okay. And then we have, okay, so that's, yeah, so stop there for one second just to clarify this for everybody 'cause I think that this should be valuable to a lot of folks. So number one, like traditionally lifetime value is the value of your average buyer, your the value, the average value of a buyer over the lifetime of their patronage.

Obviously lifetime is a very, uh, is a dynamic, um, thing because the longer you're in business, the longer that lifetime potential is, right? A business that's been around for five years has, you know, potentially five years worth of data, a business that's been around for three months only has three months worth of data. Hopefully that business that's been around for three months is gonna be around for another six months, 10 months, you know, six years, 10 years, and so on. And so that lifetime number is going to, to change the more kind of usable and actionable version of lifetime customer value is the value of a customer at a particular time interval. So in other words, what, you know, there's the value of a buyer on day zero.

That's the day that they actually become a buyer. There's the value of a buyer at 14 days. There's a value of the, of, of a buyer at 28 days, a value of a buyer at three months and six months. And so on those, the picking a time interval, which is a different topic for a different video, uh, 'cause it's different for different businesses, is a much more usable and and actionable, um, number here. And again, just to make sure that everybody understands we're talking about average, right?

So indirect response, we use averages just like we're gonna talk a little bit about a OV and a OV contribution, uh, in just a couple of minutes, right? That's, you know, average order value. It doesn't mean that every customer is worth this value at day 14 on average when you average them. That's what it is that we're talking about. So just to define definition, so what is marginal net worth?

So what marginal net worth is on the, is that that takes into considering the cost side of things. So let's say we have a, a lifetime value over a time period of 14 days, 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, and they're the kind of the timeframes we're looking at. The marginal network takes into consideration what that value is minus the cost to generate that value. So let's say someone's lifetime value was on day zero was a hundred dollars and their on day 14 was $150. So we have two, two values there, but the cost to acquire that customer on day zero was also a hundred dollars.

So our marginal net worth on day zero is zero. And then our marginal net worth on day 14, where they're, they, they've spent an additional $50 with us, is now $50. Got it. Okay. And so beautiful and so well, well defined.

And so for everybody, right, marginal net worth is a valuable number, especially when you've got, um, not only your, um, your, your acquisition costs, but when you've got fulfillment costs. So this is where, right, oftentimes people ask in the e-comm space when selling a supplement, or if they've got significant fulfillment costs in fulfilling on something that somebody bought, right? The marginal net worth is a much more accurate number when it comes to profit, actual bankable, so to speak. Um, revenue. So lifetime value, value is typically just top line, whereas marginal net worth backs out the fulfillment costs, cost of goods, and, and, um, and so on.

And so, alright, let's go to the third number. And so we kind of really touched on it already, but when we talk about monetization, when, uh, monetization window, rather than define that, what, what are we, what do you mean when we say monetization window? So with monetization window, generally speaking, what we're looking at is that we're essentially, we can, we don't have to focus on a certain time period when we're looking to, um, scale our, scale our offers or scale our paid ads. So typically people go, oh, I have this offer and I'm scaling my, I wanna scale my ads and I'm, I'm spending X amount per month and I'm generating YY amount in return. Whether if that y is good or bad, let's not even get into that right now.

So with the monetization window, essentially what we're doing is we're, we're lengthening the amount of time it takes us to get the result that we want from our paid ads or get the result that we want when we're scaling our offers. So essentially what we can do, we can expand our monetization window where we don't have to just look at one funnel and a five day time period to try and make paid advertising work. We could potentially lengthen it by going to having two funnels, three funnels, four funnels, five funnels if we wanted to, and look beyond say, a five a this arbitrary lent of time to maybe if we look over what if we had 14 days, what if we looked over 30 days? What if we looked over 60 days, 90 days, or any amount of time after the fact? So in essentially, if you were to sum it up as an example that if I said to you, Todd, that I have two clients, I have one client that has one offer, one funnel, and five days to try and break even on their customer acquisition costs, versus I have another client who has three funnels and 30 days to try and break even under acquisition costs, which of those two clients has a better chance or a better opportunity to be able to achieve that result?

Yeah, and obviously the client with the, the additional off the additional funnels and the longer length of time to be able to achieve the result, they have a better opportunity to monetize leads over time, but they also have a better opportunity to be able to recoup their advertising costs by having the additional offers and the additional length of time to be able to do so. So having a lengthened monetization window allows us to be able to achieve that result. And, and I think it is something that you obviously talked about in depth at top one a, a a few months back, and I think it's something that you, that you're gonna con continue to talk about. And it's something that we are, we're going to continue to leverage for our clients because it does allow people to play a different game than what they can play now because of advertising costs are rising because, um, it's becoming more expensive to acquire customers and because everyone else is trying to achieve the result with one funnel over a three day period or a five day period or whatever that, that day period is, um, it's becoming really difficult to do that. Sure, it can be done in some cases, but for the, for the mainstream business owner or the mainstream marketer and even for the, the, like the, the experts out there, it's becoming extremely difficult to be able to turn one funnel into your, the, the, the result that you wanna achieve versus if you had multiple funnels and a much longer timeframe to be able to do it, the, the game becomes that much easier.

Yeah, man. Well, well said, dude. I, and I think here, I just wanna, I wanna get real like I really do. 'cause um, I I, I feel so strongly about this because I think that so many marketers have been just, you know, misled through social media. First and foremost, let's just go back to, you know, a very simple example.

Like, look, you know, if you, you take two investors and they both, they're both investing a thousand bucks and you know, the first investor, you know, they, they both wanna double their money. And one investor has, you know, he's given himself or herself, you know, three days, let's just say, to make an investment that would double their money. And the other investor has given himself or herself 30 days to double their money, right? Who's gonna have an easier time, right? Experiencing success, right?

Like, who, who is going to have a much larger percentage of success? Well, the answer is obvious, right? And for whatever reason, right? A lot of marketers have been led to believe that the game is won within this arbitrary timeframe of one funnel of, you know, of one day or two days or three days or within the first week. And they've put these arbitrary kind of constraints on the performance of a campaign, even saying this campaign has to do x when that's a wildly different game than the savviest smartest, most successful direct response marketers play.

At the end of the day, I do not care whether it takes one campaign or two campaigns or three campaigns in order for me to, uh, generate a profit on the acquisition of a buyer. I don't care. There is no greater victory in, uh, one campaign verse two campaigns, right? It does not matter. I'm not in the, like, I'm not here to celebrate how potent one particular campaign is.

I'm here to celebrate how consistently we're able to acquire buyers and turn them into a profit and do it at scale, period. That's the game that we're playing. And that's a, a game of economics rather than a game of, of, uh, of marketing performance. And so it really has to be a mindset shift. Now, I wanna be clear about this.

We're not saying that you want, you, you, you don't want to, if possible, um, recoup all of your ad spend and generate a profit potentially, let's say on day zero. We'd rather do it on day 30. That's not what we're saying. What we're saying is that, right? If I have to go to day 30 or day 14 and the business has the cash flow to allow that and do it at scale, why wouldn't I do that?

Why wouldn't I do that? A lot of marketers end up turning off campaigns, looking at campaigns in isolation and judging those campaigns in is isolation as either a winner or a loser. When you, when you use a monetization window, it's not about whether that one campaign is a winner or a loser, it's about whether that monetization window is effectively allowing you to, to generate a profit from your buyers, your, your acquisition. And I think that, uh, it, again, what most average marketers need to understand is that they're playing a marketing performance game. And the biggest, baddest, best direct response marketers are playing that game of economics, realizing that, alright, if I roll out a second campaign, we monetize more, we drop our cost per acquisition that much more.

If we have to do it with a third campaign, we acquire that much more. We drop our, our acquisition costs that much more, right? Uh, enough with these arbitrary timeframes, enough with these arbitrary windows and enough with trying to have one single home run, uh, front end acquisition campaign that drives your entire business. And so, uh, that's my spiel, my my rant. I wanna take this forward, this idea of economics to one other topic, uh, for a second, which is average order value.

And the difference between, uh, the way that a lot of marketers are looking at, you know, their upsells, their bump offers, their downsells in terms of conversion rate versus average order value contribution. And so let's start with, and I'm gonna let you kind of explain average order value, uh, contribution in a second. But, so average order value is the average amount of money that a, a buyer spends with you that let's call it the day that they become a buyer. So it's the average amount of money. We know that if we've got a campaign that obviously every campaign, every funnel has a core offer that's the main offer presented on the marketing page, the sales page, the VSL, whatever it may be, right?

People go to the order form and then on the order form there's maybe a bump offer on there, and then there's maybe an upsell, maybe two upsells, maybe an upsell, and a downsell and, and a second upsell. And so a certain percentage of people that take advantage of the core offer are gonna take advantage of the bump offer a certain percentage are gonna take care, uh, are gonna take advantage of the upsell, certain percentage are gonna take advantage of the downsell and a certain percentage are gonna take advantage of the second upsell. And then all the other kind of, you know, second chance offers and all the other things that we, we do well, what we look at is, alright, what is the average amount of money that a buyer then spends with us average, knowing that some people will only take the core offer, some people will take the core on the bump, some will take the core bump and upsell, some people will take every single offer, but there is an average number there that we, um, were looking at. And that average number is called average order value, a OV. And the purpose of a OV, uh, on a front end campaign, on an acquisition campaign, especially one where we are using paid advertising is to offset as much of our acquisition costs as possible.

So right the, we wanna increase the A OV as much as possible to recoup as much of our acquisition costs as we possibly as we possibly can. So John, there are kind of two approaches that people use when looking at their bump offer, upsell downsell and so on. Some people will look at the conversion rate and some people, the smarter people will look at average order value contribution. What is average order value contribution? So essentially a OV contribution is how much is the upsell, the bump, the downsell, or whatever the add-on offer is?

How much is it comp contributing to the overall A OV? So to give a a really simplistic example, imagine you have a, your, imagine you have an upsell that is a hundred dollars and it's converting at 10%. So your first upsell is a hundred dollars and it's converting at 10%. So to calculate a OV contribution on that, we simply multiply the value by the percentage to get the a OV contribution. So you that, that upsell, you may look at it and say, oh, it's a hundred dollars and it's converting at 10%.

Like the people that are playing the, the marketing performance game, they're looking, oh, my upsell's 10%, that's crazy good. Or whatever the, or they might go, oh, my upsell is 10%, that's crazy bad. And they'll go heavy into optimization mode and they'll go, I need to get this to 20%. And the the reality is, you may need to, you may not need to. What you need to look at is the actual A OV contributing, how much is that offer in the upsell sequence contributing to the overall value that's being generated in the funnel?

And in this example, at a hundred dollars, converting at 10%, it's contributing $10 because it's a hundred dollars multiplied by 10% gives us $10. So imagine your overall a OV was $50, that upsell is contributing $10 out of that 50. So the other $40 is obviously made up of what other other offers are in that funnel. So it's part of the core. If there's a core offer, if there's a bump, if there's other offers in the sequence, the overall 50 is made up of all of those pieces.

And the example, $10 of that is coming from the upsell. Now, you may be working right now where you're, let's say that $50 a OV, it's costing you a hundred dollars to get that $50 a OV. So it doesn't matter how, if you're, if you want to be breaking even on your funnel, it doesn't matter that you're upsells converting at 10% because right now you're spending a hundred dollars, but you're only generating $50. So if you want to continue to do so and continue to acquire customers with at a brick even model where you, where you're at, like the, the the, what we call level two acquisition aggression is you need to make some changes. You either need to look, look at, go through the process of, of diagnosing where the constraint is in your, in your campaign.

And you may find that, okay, my constraint is that the, the, we need to optimize on the economic side. So we need to fix our economics because it's completely outta whack. We're spending a hundred, we're only generating 50. We need to get our a OV higher. Looking at boosting conversion rate might necessarily help you do that.

What you may need to do is like, well, can we change the economics by, by adapting, by changing pricing on our upsell, by coming in with a different, a different upsell, adding more upsells, adding more downsells, tweaking the bump. We have a complete sequence that we go through that we wanna actually do it so we can do it systematically and in a way that's not like just haywire, but essentially like that's what we're, that's the real goal of having upsells in a funnel. It's not just so you can have an upsell that converts a 10%. It's so you can contribute to your overall a OV in a way that allows you to scale the campaigns the want, the way you want to scale them. Yeah, well said.

I mean, look, at the end of the day, you, you said something so really important, and it goes back to what we've talked about many times before and what we talked about at the start of, of, uh, of this video, which is again, thinking like an investor, right? I don't care if I'm, if I test two different upsells, right? Two different price points, two different upsells against each other. I don't care what the conversion rate is or what the take rate is on each of those. I don't decide which one is the winner based on which one merely has the highest take rate or a conversion rate.

I decide the winner based on which one contributes the most amount of money to average order value, and I don't care, right? It it, I don't care if that one has the lower conversion rate. In other words, if we increase the price, if the upsell is a hundred dollars, right? And let's, it's a hundred dollars and it's got a 10% take rate. Let's just say to keep the math real simple.

You said earlier, John, right, that a hundred dollars upsell that has a 10% conversion rate or a 10% take rate is contributing $10 to the average order value. Well now let's say that we take that same upsell and we test it at $300 just to keep things simple. And by testing it at $300, we drop the conversion rate or the take rate in half, it drops from 10% down to 5%. Well, 5% of a $300 upsell is $15, right? Is $15.

And so now we've got an, we've got upsell over here that we're testing against this upsell a hundred dollars, um, upsell, that's converting a 10%, which has a $10 a OV contribution against a $300 upsell that has a 5% take rate or 5% conversion rate and is contributing $15 to a OV. In other words, it's half the conversion rate. Well obviously the $300 one that's converting at half the rate is the winner because it's contributing $15 to a OV rather than $10. That alone should be a game changer for the majority of marketers that have adhered to this marketing performance, marketing performance. That it's all about sales conversion rate, it's all about opt-in rate, it's all about right take rate on the bump offer.

It's all about, it's not, it's about the financial performance metrics, it's about the CPA to a OV, it's about the a OV contribution when it comes to bump, upsell, down, sell, second chance, all of that. And so that is also great. And so I wanna pivot now and talk about one other topic. There's tons of chapters and maybe what I'll do is I'll share, uh, a screenshot of the, of the table of content so people can see the depth that omics goes into. Uh, but you talk about, uh, a a attention architecture, attention architecture, and so can you just speak to a little bit, give a high level view of what attention architecture is?

So attention architecture is the framework that we use for creating, um, primarily video ads. So it's essentially, it's how we structure our video ads in a way that that not only helps get attention, obviously given the name attention architecture, but it allows us to structure messaging, video messaging, video, video ads in a way that we can take one ad concept and turn it into multiple ads, but then take those multiple ads and turn them into essentially thousands of overall ads with how we apply it in our overall ecosystem of our video ad framework. So attention architecture's, essentially it's met up of four overall components, which is interrupt, engage, educate, and offer. And then within each one of those components, there's sub components that allows us to essentially like building blocks for creating video ads. So the, the, and the most important in our mind is the interrupt stage.

It's the part at the beginning because the opening of a video ad is arguably the most important because if someone is not engaged enough and to actually to to stop whatever they were planning on doing and pay attention to you that they'll, they'll either hit skip on the ad or you'll have the wrong people watching your ad or whatever the case is, or they'll just breeze past it and do what they were planning on doing anyways. So it gives us a framework for creating ads that will help you stop the people you wanna stop to get their attention, get them out of whatever, whatever else they were doing, and focusing on you, and then how to actually take that attention and turn it into getting them to take the action you want 'em to take, which is generally speaking, clicking on the ad and going over to your funnel. Yeah, yeah. I love it, man. And, and the the thing that I want everybody to understand is that John breaks this down for you, right?

So in other words, this is in the, um, In the book, I can, I can break down a little bit for people if they want just to, because like we give it, we give it full step by step breakdown inside of the, the book. But essentially like the, the, the, the interrupt stage, we cover six different ways to interrupt your potential customers and stop them in their tracks. We have some that are currently our favorites that are working really re really, really well right now across multiple industries and multiple niches. One of them is the, the taste versus teas, um, interrupt, which we learned directly from Walter Birch from a Steeler winners episode. So shout out to Walter for, for that.

I mean, absolutely. Uh, when, when we first got that shift, we were like, yeah, this makes so much sense. W we need to start using it. And once we started using, we started getting great results. And I'll tell, give a little bit on it right now.

So basically the taste versus tease is essentially so much that's out there right now in terms of not just video ads, but overall, um, marketing messaging and copy in general is teasing. It's like, in this video today we're gonna share the three things that you need to do to do X, y, and z. We're gonna share the six mistakes that you're making, the four, the four things that you need to do to really excel in X, Y, and Z and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's all teasing what's going to come. And oftentimes that like our prospects don't, don't have the time to be waiting around to be teased.

We need to give them the good straight away and give them something straight away to get them engaged and get them to keep watching. So instead of teasing them with lots of, in this video, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, we get straight to the action. So we might say, instead of saying, an example I used in the book is for one of our, uh, one of our clients who's in the trading space, instead of saying, in this video today we're gonna share the three mistakes you're making with your trading stocks and you're trying to, you know, beat the s and p or whatever the case is, we might say, the reason why you're not succeeding with your trading is because you're not looking at the open, open price across multiple timeframes, and you're ignoring multi-sector alignment. And so immediately, like we're getting, we're giving them the taste, immediately, we're telling them exactly the the things that they're, the mistakes that they're making. And now we get to, we got their attention, we're they're gonna have like, okay, what are those things?

What did he just say? I better pay attention to get more of this. So they keep watching because we give them the taste upfront and this whole idea of the taste versus tees, like we've been, we've been testing this in our own ads, we've been testing it in our clients' ads since we've started using it. And it's by far one of the the strongest openers you can use in your video ad campaigns and even in your, like in your, if you're using like image ads on Facebook and using long form copy it, working really well in those as well. And like, that's one of the, the six different interrupts I give in the, uh, attention architecture framework.

Yeah, I love it, man. I love it. You know, it's, it's kind of funny. I wanna make a, a comment and then we'll tell people where they can go to to, uh, to grab their own copy of this bad boy. Uh, and I think that everybody, the need, anybody that's doing anything online in terms of direct response marketing needs to devour this thing immediately.

And so, uh, but you know, it's funny because just that one framework, uh, interrupt framework, you know, it reminds me I was watching, so, you know, from New Jersey and so, uh, loved watching The Sopranos. I don't know if you ever watched any of the Sopranos John, but so they're, they're playing reruns by me. And so the other day there was an episode on, and I, I, I was watching a little bit of this episode and, you know, uh, Tony Soprano, who's the, the head of, of the, the family, his conser, his like counselor comes to him and says, you know, I need to talk to you about something. And Tony says, fire away. And the conser starts, you know, getting into the spiel and Tony goes, look, stop enough with the preamble, just get to it.

Like enough with the preamble, enough with the like, just get, tell what, tell me what's going on. And it just made me chuckle because I think that we are, I believe that we're in a time today where that's how a lot of prospects also feel with not just video ads, but with emails, with marketing and sales messages. Like right, you gotta cut out the preamble and get to it. And I think that we found, thanks to Walter Birch's exposure to this, the idea of just getting into a taste right away rather than the whole buildup, rather than the whole preamble. And so, uh, I love that that's one of the six that you, um, shared.

So where do folks go, John, to get their own copy of offer nos? What's a URL for them? So very, very simple. URL just go to offer nos.com, so O-F-F-E-R-N-O-M-I-C s.com and you'll see that you can, you can grab your copy there. There's a, a ton of great bonuses as well, which I think that they're, they're not in, like the bonuses are very much aligned with the omics that are not just random bonuses just thrown in there for the sake of it.

Everything is aligned with the overall encompassing approach of using economics to drive your business forward. And using the overall idea of, it's not just a media performance, it's not just a marketing performance, there's also the economics. And when you combine those three factors together, you do have a recipe that you can rig paid advertising in your favor and you can start to engineer things to be able to do what you want to do with your paid ads and to be able to scale your offers. So we're really excited by it. We're like, we're, we're gonna be working on it more and, and updating it and everything else, and we've got some really cool things coming in a pipe for people that do get it as well.

So, um, if people wanna get it, they can simply go to omics.com, they can grab their copy. There's the, they, if they just want the digital version, they can just get the digital version. There's also an audio version as well. A couple of people have been asking about physical copies. We may be doing physical copies pretty soon, but right now it's just audio.

Um, or the digital, or you can get to two of them together. So, um, yeah, I'm pretty excited By it. Yeah, I, I love it, man. And, and let me, let me say this for everybody. That this is an, a super actionable book.

This is not a tease, this is not a, some sales message for, um, the E five agency, which, uh, John runs and does amazing work there. This is a, a training, this is a masterclass in a book on this methodology of omics, this combination of marketing performance and media performance and economics. And this is something that every direct response marketer needs to understand. And like you've heard us say, this will radically change the game for you, make it easier for you to scale your acquisition of buyers, clients, customers, students, subscribers, whatever it may be for your business. And so offer no mix.com.

Go grab your copy as always, John. I love it. And I think what I'd love to do if your game for this, 'cause I think that everybody would really value this is next week, let's jump on and let's walk through what you are actually doing from an iteration perspective. And we'll talk about your thinking, your strategy, the steps, the process so that they really get a kind of in the trenches, hands-on feel for what it is that you do that they can and should be doing for their own campaigns. And so you down for that.

Yeah, I think that'd be, it'd be super exciting. It'd be different and I think it'd be super valuable for people. Okay, awesome. So there you go. Everybody offer nos.com, go grab your copy and John, and I'll see you next week.

And so take care everybody.
