---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-12-09 17:02:32"
date: 2022-12-09
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3184
vimeo_id: 779698077
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-12-09 17:02:32

**Date:** 2022-12-09 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Okay, cool. Okay. Thank you brother. Okay. Yep, okay.

So what I did was right. So the other day when we we chatted we talked about you doing consulting you working with some high level folks you having, you know, give or take a half a dozen clients, um at any given point and wanting to make sure that if you lose any clients you would be able to replenish them. And so what I started to think about was I said if I was John Benson, what are the first steps that I would take to add a bare minimum? Get these first clients and set myself up to be able to continue to get clients. So I also took the thought or the angle John of oh not necessarily launching a whole new business and a whole new brand per se those are certainly things that we can talk about in the future if that's ultimately the direction that you want to go in but it sounded to me like hey, you would be thrilled if we got you know, six clients paying you some Bookoo box every month on a retainer, um, and just the ability to make sure that you could fairly easily and quickly replace those people.

And so what I put together are like I said the first steps that I would take there's a lot of different ways John to you know, that we can skin a cat. This is really just This is what immediately popped into my mind. Like if I was John Benson, this is exactly what I would do. And so The first three things that I'm going to cover for you on here are foundational things that I would do that are just gonna make it easier for us to do some of the marketing elements. And so let me walk you through this.

I know that the majority of this is going to be totally marketing 101 for you, but I'd be remiss if I didn't included in here for First Steps, so the very first and I apologize that the text is so small. There's just a whole bunch that I packed on to this slide. So the very first thing and we talked a little bit about this, um last week but I would say that the very first thing that we need to do is just make sure that we are crystal clear on who is the ideal client. So what Revenue level are they at roughly what kind of assets do they already have in place? I know we talked about, you know, you're you're obviously not looking for somebody that's starting from square one.

You want somebody that's got stuff going on you want somebody that's got cash flow. You want somebody that Potentially has a has a vehicle or mechanism for acquiring, you know new customers. And so I would really just want you when thinking about your your superpowers. I really want you to make sure that we get clear on. Who is that individual?

What's the ideal individual so that you're number one. We're attracting the right people were we're repelling the wrong people. And so that number two we don't put you in a position with a potential client where you're miserable doing stuff that you really don't like doing because they're just not properly qualified for what you want. So number one, I would start with who's that ideal individual number two, and I think that this this is really important in um, in in this crazy space of marketing business development. All that is we really need to determine that what I call the flag in the ground positioning for Consulting with these clients.

So, you know, right there are there are a lot of Consultants out there. Even it even the, you know, a lot of folks that you and I are have as mutual friends that don't necessarily call themselves Consultants, but that's ultimately what they're doing and so I really think that it's important that we that you take a good hard. Look at the marketplace who are the ideal clients already being exposed to that they feel they could potentially work with that. They could potentially get help from and how do we change up the positioning ever so slightly to make you really a category of one like flag in the ground where you own it when they think of an expert in this Arena. They think of John Benson not just because you're the best but really because you're the only guy that put the flag in the in the in the ground there and so it really requires getting a little bit narrow in your focus to determine ultimately what you're gonna what you're gonna do for folks.

And so like I put an example here potentially for you and you're gonna see this kind of example use throughout throughout this slide. So just right if that if this example doesn't app Then we'll we'll you know, we'll change it up. But like I take entrepreneurs from mid-7 figures to 10 million and Beyond through or with rapidly scalable customer acquisition marketing right in so in other words, right like what you do, you help folks, you help entrepreneurs that are at low or mid-7 figures scale to 10 million and Beyond and you do it though with a focus on let's say scalable, you know customer acquisition marketing effective customer acquisition marketing that you can use at scale right rather than what we don't just want to say is I help entrepreneurs go from mid seven figures to eight figures because then we're gonna retract people that have operational issues that have Team issues that have systems issues that have Financial issues that need help with leadership and time management and productivity. And so we want to be really as clear as possible not maybe it's not Customer acquisition marketing maybe it is. You know through a like through a combination of front end and back end coordination something like that.

But what I would do if it was me right is I would get specific so that I'm the guy that like look I I am the the specialist in this arena for folks like you entrepreneurs that want to go from six seven figure. Excuse me to 10 million and Beyond a year, we do it through the the coordination front end and back end marketing or through scalable customer acquisition campaigns or through whatever else it is that we could say that describes your superpower in a way where it comes across not as more of the same. So does that make sense? Yeah, and can you hear me? Okay.

Yes, it looks on my videos Frozen. So so the my unique mechanism here is the irony as we were just talking about this yesterday. If you look at my side, it's you can see that I look at I look at offers from the position of what is what is the hook? You know and then then what is the lead and what is the offer but I'm willing to ditch the what is the offer part of that and just kind of be known as the lead machine if you will because what I'm really really good at is to looking at the offering from the first thousand word perspective and saying this is why it's missed. This is this is what's missing from Headline hook big idea kind of stuff.

Yeah. I I so I don't think you so I I so I don't think you necessarily need to ditch the the offer you certainly can but I don't think you you necessarily need to to um to do that what we just don't want to do John is we don't want to take out like we don't want it to just be you help people scale from Seven figures to 10 million with effective marketing because sure everybody everybody in their brother. Does that right? Yeah, you know what? I mean?

It's so um, and you know, at least let's say with something like this and this is just an example right like, you know scalable customer. Position marketing still allows you to talk about the offer still allows you to talk about email still allows you to talk about the lead still allows you to talk about, you know, you're crazy copy Wizardry and NLP and language patterns and all that. Um, you know, but like you're you know, the aim is ultimately like look while there are other people out there that might be Pros that let's say just as an example customer acquisition marketing we've narrowed it number one to identify. You're the guy that that is a pro at this bringing people from mid-7 figures to 10 million and Beyond meaning like right it allows us to say like look, I'm not the guy that you talk to if you're starting out and you want to go from zero to six figures my stuff is too right. It's too advanced.

It's too refined. It's not appropriate for you. And if you're looking to go from, you know from 40 million to a hundred million. I'm not your guy because that's gonna require more oper. All changes systems team leadership and finances.

This is I am the but if you are mid seven figures wanting to go to 10 million plus I'm the guy that does it with this right your your unique approach to you know, rapidly scalable, you know customer acquisition marketing or whatever else we come up with and so I'm not married to that customer acquisition thing. I just wanted to give you an example of the type of flag in the ground positioning because this is gonna make things so much easier like because you know, we're I don't want you to ever be viewed as a commodity like a great Johnson's another consultant like one of many no. No, I'm not a can this is what I do. This is who I work. This is what I specialize in and there's nobody else on the planet that does it as good as me in this group, right?

So we're not competing then with the you know, the role and Frazier who will help you with mergers and Acquisitions and building and this one over here who's gonna help you with, you know, blah blah blah like right and so that's that flag in the ground positioning. So Clarity on first on the Deal client then with that as our filter. Of who are they exposed to? Who would they potentially work with like who are the experts that would appeal to the ideal client? And then when we we look at them to identify where is the opportunity to put our flag in the ground?

So out of the people that are ideal client would potentially consider working with to get help to scale them right? Where is the gap that we could put our flag in the ground that will would leverage your your superpower and show like you're a specialist not a generalist. Yeah, I do. Like I just I wrote down the lead machine. I don't know why I like it.

Maybe it's a little Liberation but it's just kind of cool. So if I can brand myself as the lead machine is to be kind of cool. I mean, it's just a thought to toss around. So yeah, because that's really what I focus on is the leads so it and so the lead being that the 350 400 500,000 words whatever it is of a campaign hook headline and and hook headline in position. That's it.

Yeah, okay. And so John would you would you? Would you feel confident saying to somebody um, right and I'm asking you I'm not I'm not leading you anywhere here. Would you feel confident being able to say to somebody like look, you know? I could come into your business and um and and just with the existing campaigns that you have.

We we can apply my lead system to the first thousand words of those campaigns and the results that you're going to get with my new lead system apply to your campaigns is gonna Skyrocket your Revenue. Yes. Okay done. Perfect. That's the right answer.

Okay, that's a beautiful thing. And that's even more exciting to me than right. Like look. I'm I could come in. I'll come into your business, right?

I don't need you to create new campaigns, right? I'm gonna apply my lead system my lead formula my lead machine to the first thousand words and your revenue is gonna Skyrocket and any time we launch another campaign, right? We're gonna apply my lead formula to that my lead process to that and you're gonna see the results are gonna be exponentially greater than what it is that you've seen before like. Yes, I dig it, okay. Perfect.

Yeah, I don't know why I thought I've done this for eight years and it tends I don't know why it's it's a freaky superpower. I'm not trying to brag or anything, but it's well, I love it man. I I love it and um except for myself. No, I mean look, I think that that's the look dude. We all we all suffer from the whole cobbler shoes thing man myself exactly.

You know, I totally I totally get it. Um, so the next thing and it really kind of sounds like you have the majority of this already. But so then the next thing that I would do is I would document and I use the word document Loosely man because that scares the bejesus inside of me when I hear the word document, you know, a high level view of the process framework that will be used so I know that you've got that you've got your hook formula, but so let's say when I say in this context The the process framework that will be used to produce the results. So you get a client today client says I'm in John 20 grand a month. Um, I just want you to help me go through my existing campaigns and all new campaigns apply your your lead process.

Like how do you go about determining the gaps in a lead the flaws in a lead? Um, you know, the what's needed in a lead what's missing from the lead? I don't mean in general. I mean like if you had a client today like what's the what's the first thing that you you do? What's the what's the first thing that you look for in the lead?

What's the second thing that you look for in the lead? If you identify, you know a are there seven different gaps like that you look for in a in a lead, right? Um, you know, and then all right, there are seven different gaps. And so how do you repair fix those seven different? us this is this will be valuable for us for what it is that you're going to see coming up because like oftentimes What happens John is we've got this superpower and we've never really spent the time to really just think through what are we doing?

Like even though like we've got this superpower. You've got this ability. You've got this Knack right to do this and it's never failed you right but what are you doing? Like, why is it why does it work? So well, that's gonna give us content that we're gonna be able to use to show people.

Um, just how special your methodology is how special and valuable working with you. Um, and applying your your lead process is to their business rather than us just talking about I'm gonna fix your lead, right? Like it's one thing to say, I'm gonna be able to fix your lead. I can make your lead killer. It's another thing to say, like look like step one.

I'm gonna do it. There are seven gaps that I have identified over time right these seven. Yeah, right you have any one of these gaps and Us is your blah blah engagement rate, right? If you have more than three blah blah and so document the framework. This is something that we're always going to be able to go back to and the other thing is I just believe wholeheartedly and I believe that you're you're you have a similar stance that it's a lot more compelling when we can point to A system that we're going to use and Implement and install into their marketing rather than just saying I'm a great marketer and you know, I'm gonna bring my chops to your to your business, so Document this bad boy.

And so those are the three high-level things that I would just get clarity on and do first now the rest of these things that we're gonna cover are are tactical and I'm not married to any one of these. So if any one of these makes you uncomfortable totally get it, I'm not married to any one of these but this is based on what I know about your business and the assets that you already have. So once we've got these three things done the very first thing that I would execute John is I would do a simple email promotion to your to your house file. That is like, you know, look, you know, I've really I've decided, you know, I've chosen to take just a few clients a few entrepreneurs doing really well under my belt in 2023 to help them go from mid seven figures to 10 million 11 million or Beyond fact is like look, I'm I want to do this because I want some incredible success stories for a bigger project that I'm likely going to be working on later in the year. And so if that is something that you'd be interested in go, you know, go get the details here.

I would send them over to a to your page to your to the Consulting page that we looked at that. We we had pulled up last week. And what I would do is I would have like obviously a simple application or simple form for them to to fill out. But the reason why I would do this first John is because like we talked about last week is because there's no doubt that there are people in your sphere that already understand the value of I mean the enormous value of working with you getting your expertise. And so before we go Hog Wild and create a you know, what what's coming next I would just let's take the cream off the top.

Let's take whatever it is that we see off of the top, um by just sending out an email. Okay, and so an email sequence so not an email, but an email, you know an email sequence like I would do this over the course of four or five days, right like sending out a series of emails. The next thing that I would do, um is I would record a video for you. Channel now, I know that your YouTube channel is really is copy intensive killer channel on copy, but I think that it could be cool for a video to change things up a little bit that where you share what it takes from a marketing perspective to go from seven to eight figures and when I say in this context a marketing perspective, I would go back to I'd pull from what it is that we decide about your flag in the ground positioning. So like right like if it's customer acquisition, let's just say in this example, right?

It's what does it take from a customer acquisition marketing perspective for an entrepreneur to go from Seven figures to eight figures? In 2023, right? And so this is where now you're gonna pull from the documented process, you know framework like you're gonna be able to you're you're gonna share in essence John you're gonna share here your take on like what it takes to go in from a marketing perspective. Oh and you're only gonna talk about the things that you ultimately do so you're not gonna talk about like we're not and this is why it's got to be phrased correctly. You're not saying like this is everything that you need to do to go from seven to eight figures because then you're gonna need to talk about media buying you're gonna sure to talk about these other things.

So I would want to frame it in a way where it allows you to talk about like Um what it is that you would ultimately do for a client, right so that at the end of that video you could give a very soft call to action, like look if you want me to do this with you to partner with you on your business to come alongside you in 2023 as your guide almost as your your Chief marketing officer to execute this for your marketing then here's what I recommend you do now go to this page. Look, I'm only taking on a a few clients get all the details and if you feel like this is right for you, then go and fill out the form at the bottom of the page like and something as simple as that so not a whole offer. Not a whole Spiel just like a simple CTA at the end. I think number one. You already have a loyal a loyal following on on your channel.

This is not that far off from content that you Put out before right? It's not like we're talking about Fitness. Now all of a sudden, you know, where cart the carnivore diet. Um, and so I would leverage the YouTube channel just to start. The next thing that I would do is I would leverage that YouTube video then I would go back to what I would do now is I would take that YouTube video and I would post it on a dedicated page on your your own your site.

So I wouldn't send them over to I wouldn't send folks over to YouTube. I would send them over to a dedicated page on your your site. And then I would do a simple interest and offer sequence to your house file. So another words right? Like this is call this for example, this is like, you know two weeks after you do the original, you know, promo really to be honest with you.

It could be the following week. But let's just call it two weeks for argument's sake right in so now I would do a simple interest and and offer sequence for the video and so in other words the interest sequence like we talked about the other day, um is just like hey, I recorded a new video all about right, um, the what it takes from me, you know customer acquisition marketing or what it takes like what you need to do in your marketing campaigns to drive them from producing seven figures to eight figures. Um, go check it out. And then right and I would have same thing three days two emails a day like I described the other day in terms of an interest sequ. And then the conversion sequence would be driving folks to respond.

So the conversion sequence would be somewhat similar to what it is that we send out here right the offer sequences like hey you you heard what it is that I would do you you checked out the video now if you're ready to if you think that right you want to be one of only a half a dozen clients that I partner with in 2023 to go from mid seven to to 10 million plus then fill out the form and that's I would have some version of that that goes out for also the next three days to talk, you know two emails a day and so make sense. Mm-hmm. Totally then the next thing that I would do. Um, and this is where a little a little work is gonna come into play now. Look let me say this right I would love to see before we go on to the next step the the results from this because Between your email list your your YouTube channel and then running this click and and offer sequence for the YouTube video to your email list.

We you might have a bunch of people to to speak with or to chat with about becoming a client and you might say Todd that's cool for right this moment. So I'd want to see the numbers here. But let's just continue going through the net that then the next thing that I would do is I would create a special report. Um, that is really targeted bait for your ideal client. So like the like so I rode over here for example, five Advanced marketing moves I use with mid seven figure entrepreneurs to drive them to 10 million and Beyond right?

So we're ultimately right like, you know, we're we're trying to qualify the people as best we can the use of the word Advanced use of, you know, mid seven figure. Ignores, right? Um and right this, you know, like Special Report really what it would be it would be almost like a pdf version of what it is that you're doing in the YouTube video. Sure. So to to me, it's the same it's the same thing.

I just think that um, like a a cool PDF. It's just a little different than another video which everybody in their brother is doing today. So it's another you know, like it's just a little it's it's different enough to for me. Like I like it rather than you recording another video, right which is kind of John always records videos. This is different John rarely if ever launches a special report, so this must be special and so then what I would do is oops is I would do two things with this special report and this is really probably the last thing that I would do the last step but I would offer this special report to the marketplace through highly qualifying Facebook ads.

I would drive them to an opt-in page for the special report and then following up with them. I follow up with them after they opt in with the conversion sequence used over here. And so I say highly qualifying Facebook ads because this is where like we're not looking to get as many clicks as possible. We're not looking to get an astronomical click through rate. We're looking to get highly qualified clicks, um of people that meet the criteria for what it is that we're we're looking for and so so I would I would do that and let me also just re-emphasize when I say Special Report really we could if it was me right I would say John let's take the transcript from the YouTube video let's clean it up a little bit to make it.

I don't mean clean it up just like the ums in the Oz but let's clean it up. So that it you know, we've got some subhead. Maybe we've got like a A like a sidebar in there and I would shorten it like it could be a 10 page PDF. That's like 14 point font. That's two column with some images in there.

Like it doesn't have to be this whole big thing. But it covers the essence the overview of your framework specific to what it is that you do for this ideal for this ideal client. Of course in there in the PDF. I would have at least one call to action that drives people to the Consulting page with the form to be able to apply. And then what I would do is I would also go back to your house file and I would create a second interest and and offer sequence for the special report.

So now you've got a special, you know, you've got a special report. So now you're going to have a an interest sequence for the report like hey, I just wrote a new report. A blah blah same process that we we talked about the the other day and then the final thing that I would do in these in the beginning stages in the beginning steps is all the leads for the Special Report all the people on your house file that click on the link to go get the report all the people on your house file that click to go watch your um, that the recording of the Youtube video. Um, all those people I would permanently um treat them. and mail to them as a separate segment and what I mean by that is that I would start to build a segment of your house file that is really dedicated just to content related to what it is that you consult about.

Yeah, so I wouldn't start like I would I would only mail like everything that I mailed to them. And then what I would do is I said, I would email this segment, you know, I would I would work up to three times a week and one time a week. There'd be a CTA to go over to the Consulting page, but it would always be about one or more of the elements that you do for clients to take them from mid seven figures to 10 million. And this is the this is the the first steps that I would take. Excellent, is that make sense?

Any any questions about any of this? I don't work on this together like when it comes time to to implement, you know, the click sequence the the conversion sequence all that kind of stuff we could work on you could send it over to me and whatnot. But the general idea, um makes sense makes total sense really do like it a lot of time. Okay, cool. And I don't I I really I I don't think John that I I rarely say this because I never want to underestimate the task at hand, but I certainly don't think you're gonna have a problem, you know, getting your first six clients, but it's one of those things for what it's worth man where you know, We've got to promote it, you know like you we've got to let people know and we've got to do that a little bit aggressively but you already have the assets right?

Like this is one of those things where you know, we've got a we've got a realize like no matter who Todd Brown is right? No matter who John Benson is let me use myself. No matter who Todd Brown is right. I'm always kidding myself. If I think like I'll put up a page and people come flock in no one flocks in right?

So right like no one flocks in and so I don't care it's you know, we we've got to promote it and that's why I would go the distance with like email promo for five days. Click conversion sequence over here. Click conversion sequence over here Special Report separate video. Like let's make sure that first and foremost everybody in your sphere knows John Benson is willing to take on a half a dozen clients at the beginning of 2023. Like let's make sure that everybody in Your nose then we can go outside the sphere.

There we go outside. Yeah. Okay. So would you what are your thoughts on YouTube ads versus the Facebook ads for this because from what I understand just got off the phone with a guy that was saying he's having a really hard time getting anything under an aov like 25300 on YouTube, but that the leads are just so much more qualified. So wondering wondering if the higher dollar is obviously this is extremely high dollar and it would be going to a call or be going first to the page.

But then to a call or something I yeah, I mean, I I, you know look in the spirit of transparency that that's absolutely right. I think YouTube does bring better quality you're much better on camera than I am. And so if you're willing to do that then yeah, I would say absolutely do that. And so I'm just a little lazy and I don't enjoy being on camera all that much and so but yeah, there's there's zero question that done right? Yeah, YouTube is gonna bring a better quality a better quality lead for you.

Yeah, and from what I understand. It's like when we were talking about for like epic email, for example that that product the 120 130 aov we're targeting that's really more of a Facebook aov, correct. That's as yeah, I would say that that's more of a Facebook aov for sure. Right? So if you can see the beauty is really what the way I like to look at it is right if you can hit a 120 aov on Facebook, then we're not gonna have a problem moving over to YouTube.

And so I just look at it's almost like you know, that's like that's the the worst case scenario like if we but if we can hit 120 on on aov on Facebook. You're not gonna have a problem on YouTube at all. Yeah. Yeah cool. So that's fantastic talk.

Just let me know if if you're open to some some questions that are that are basically what we were talking about. Just I had a few questions about following up on what we were talking about the other day that are dealing with kind of the back end of this stuff. If you don't mind, yeah fire away man, you know the time here but yeah is this stuff is all straight just all straightforward. Excellent plan. And this is what I suck at.

So this is great to have your brain on this. I'm very impressed with how you think through things and with that in mind. It's gonna sound like a Todd Brown gushing hour for a moment. But dude, I I, you know, I've looked through, you know, I'm talking to Teddy Teddy's been great help. He's helping me build out our own.

Learn Dash Portal from thinkific are thinkific sucks compared to learn Nash and obviously we're you know centered around. You know, your stuff is is a huge inspiration for me to to see what you you've built and I am I don't know I think you know, I've had this conversation. I am so against plagiarism and stealing other people's ideas that I've never come. I've never read a full copyrighting book in my life. I I avoid it like the plague and to the to my own detriment.

So the stuff I come up with I can say I literally came up within my own I didn't rip it off from somebody else. But but looking at other things like when it comes down to like how you've got your your email structure or your learn Dash portal structure Etc. I would love to imitate you in this way if that's okay with you John you can imitate I don't you can imitate whatever you want. There's no like because I'm sure our design came from somebody else. And so and like look man, I I, you know, you you use what if there's stuff if there's content of mine that you want to take and you see it a little bit differently and you want to read package it God bless man, like, you know, God bless dude.

And so I'm fine with you can model our work to the to the nine. I don't yeah. I did I always ask because he's a friendship first for me and also it's just a matter of respect but I did have some questions specifically if you don't mind asking about the me asking them here so You know how you've got and which I absolutely freaking love your model man. I mean, I've been learning so much from like all the people I'm interviewing for epic. And and I your your call I said dude, this is just, you know, Todd you has these little distinctions that he makes that make all the difference in the world to me.

So that's why I chose you as a coach, you know, it's because you make these these brilliant distinctions and I'm like, okay, this is exactly what I want to do because God damn I'm good at email. I mean, I'm I'm good, right but so why am I not emailing my list? What why the hell am I not selling the stuff? I already have and it is the cobbler sons have no shoes. Right?

But you have a three day countdown with deadline funnels and I I used that like we talked earlier I use that funnels all the time. But inside like you're you're members portal like we have Leanne logged in which she's only got like three things and and I've got everything because I'm a member of top one and that's been super helpful because Leanne can click on like the John Ford lead thing and she sees like a timer for two days and whatever so I'm just kind of Curious like for your learndash members what happens if they click on it like a month. They got three days no matter when they click on it right that that's the way I I would set it up but I just want to make sure that's the way you have it set up. Yeah, so my gosh, I'm embarrassed to say like and look man. Let me say this for for what it's worth dude, you know, I you know, I'm the and I saw appreciate man the the compliments dude, but it's it's really I just like very simple I like very, um, I like simple I like stuff that we can repeat over and over.

I don't like like while I enjoy marketing like I've done this so long dude, like I'm not I don't love having to rethink things and I don't like, you know, I'm not I'm no longer interested in the new and shining the latest and greatest. I just want what we can execute execute well simple easy. And so, um, I say that as a backdrop to this that portal for us and Portal sales. Um, Teddy is really the best person to ask for that because the arrangement that I have with Teddy, I'm embarrassed to say John that I really don't know what happens inside the portal. That's Teddy's gig and so teddy gets a percentage of sales that that are generated from the portal.

So the portal to me is like gravy right? It's like, you know, every quarter we look at how much money did the portal generate and bring in and sales and cool awesome teddy gets his you know chunk of that for us. So I I can't even really answer that question for you of what happens if somebody clicks on it three months later if they clicked on it three months earlier. I'm not sure that's a question for for Teddy and you could ask him and model anything like just tell them to tell you exactly how the whole thing works from the segment thing or whatever he does in there. And and in the spirit of right total transparency like I I've told them like do Thing like you don't even have to check with me.

Like as long as you're not doing anything shady unethical like do your thing don't don't check with me. I don't need to know like and so I really don't know that being said the the um, what I shared with you the other day is really the the foundation of our of our business. Yeah, because it's the foundation right and like I just want you to think about you know, like I think about and let me let me turn this off so that oh you're screen is no big deal. I was gonna say I wanted to to look at you all good so freezing, I don't know why that's it's all good. Um, you know, like, you know, sometimes John for what it's worth man like, You know, I've always said that let me let me ramble for one second man.

If if I can so, you know, I've always said, you know, it's crazy how when I first got started with marketing and I saw the the gurus and I said man like that must be so freaking cool to be a guru and and so Earl very early on I wanted to be this, you know, well-known, you know marketer and the truth of the matter is that I today, right? I envy those that are behind the scenes that are not well known, you know that are that are you know that are not the the face of the thing that are not a marketing Guru because today I have more well You know, there was a point when I became extremely reluctant to pull the trigger on campaigns because I'm like, I'm supposed to be Todd Brown this great marketer and like my stuff is under the microscope. Everybody's gonna just like if I don't hit a homerun like I'm gonna get ridiculed or whatever by my own team by the marketplace and and I abandoned that and I and I and I share that with you John because I banded that whole mindset first of all unhealthy all that but because I like I look at somebody like you who's really obvious and I don't say anything. I don't mean who's Wicked smart wicked good at what you do. You've got so much content training presentations.

You've given webinars that you've done right thoughts that you've documented campaigns that you've worked on and edited. Um, you know coaching calls. You've got so much stuff out there that in my mind. I say to myself man, what would happen for John if we made it in AIM in 2023, just just let's get forget the glamor. Oh, you know, it's not glamorous.

It's not the huge that's fine. Right? Let's say and what we did was for weeks out of 2023 45 of of the weeks. We had a click and conversion sequence an interest right and offer sequence that went out to the list. Sometimes it could be for a $29 product write a training that we took that you did over here two years ago, but it's still wildly appropriate and that's a the beauty of what it is that you do with copy and persuasion and language and conversions.

It's just the stuff that you talked about two years ago was still it's still appropriate today. You're not talking about tactical stuff and so right and then right we put together a simple right relying on your email child right three day click sequence three day conversion sequence for right put up a simple offer don't agonize over the big idea all this you put up an offer. Right? Boom next week. We have another one next week.

We have another one. Maybe we get to the point where we have six or seven for you. And then all we do is just rotate right so Like and all we do is rotate but 45 weeks out of the year, right, you know. You've got an offer out in front of your people at a variety of different of different price points. There's zero question of whether you're gonna make more money or not.

Ideally agree do when you told me that when you when you say what you were doing you the interesting Todd you and I've always been on very similar planes. So I mean like like different levels of success in different times and all that but different we can we think very similarly which is kind of obvious from you know, bodybuilding backgrounds spirituality backgrounds and stuff. But but when you said that it dovetail to the goal that I gave my team in October I said by the end of December, I want every product I have online and able to sell no matter what we do because I have like a ton of s*** online and and I would I'm the model neck right now to be able to write the pages and write the vsl and all so and then we the whole copy Pro happened and I just had to kind of shelf that idea and I said what we'll choose one and that was epic and we got epic done and we're it's the Will be on it this week done done, you know and for me I was like when you said that I'm like, holy s***. I've got right now. I took out a list.

I got right now 12 12 products that we could sell easily and I get to multiple software products. I'm like dude. It's like there's no way I shouldn't be doing it's just stupid and I'm doing a disservice to myself to my family to people that need the products. And so I do when you just lit a fire to me saying hey, this is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna totally do this a guy with Leanne.

This is the plan this is what we're gonna do. So I've been working for days like getting everything so I'm right there with you bro. I'm right there. Okay. I love I love hearing that it gets me, you know a little emotional because I know that you know, sometimes man like especially guys like you and I, you know, we can get in our own way.

We we talk to a lot of you know, a lot of great marketers and they they're doing great things and so we can start to think man. I should be doing that like I should be doing something. Glamorous and and it's it's like dude, you know, you know, I I tell you what man when you have like one campaign or two campaigns at least for me dude, right? Like when we had Ventures where we have one campaign or like and you're banking on that one campaign that is insanely stressful right? Like my right like my whole worth and identity and and the success of art is banking on this one campaign.

Like you're asking me you're basically saying Todd you've got one at bat and you've got to go up and win the game, right God. Damn. Yeah, I'm sorry. Um, but dude like that has been for me you would think it would be the BSL stuff because I created it so you would think that would be a it was it's actually been Connie Pro you asked my wife about this. I mean, it's like my ego my my ego Excel my identity.

My baby has been wrapped around a product that has been a b**** and a half to figure out how to Back the code. And so and we think we do have angles, you know, we're splitting it up into into parts. So hey, if you want leads you get the lead you get lead Pro if you want you want sales letters you go sales letter e and it's all just hyper specific. That's our plan for 2023. But then again, I look at the stripe, you know Banks coming in.

It's like, you know, we weren't getting those kind of stripe deposits every day when Jason was running this thing. So it's like something's happening. It's better and but but we can really make it a lot better. But my whole self has been like rooted in this and I can sit there and have a guy say, oh this is the best, you know letter I've ever seen or you took our you you help just make another 10 million or whatever and it didn't mean anything. It was like, oh, that's nice great.

Can you make a video about it? But to that I can't get copy for because for me it's like copy Pros. The nine figure exit copper has been the nine figure exit. I'm like who f****** needs a nine figure exit. If you have an eight figure business, you know, it's like, you know, I mean that you can you can just automate.

Yeah. Yeah. No reason I Have it I mean, yeah, I don't even absolutely absolutely your business. To be honest with you. I I did s***.

It's like you break down what how much profit you make in digital? It's do you really need I mean how much do you know you're preaching to the choir like I and to each his own like out there when guys are you know, they want a hundred million dollar business like God bless if that's what you want. That's not in any way shape or form what I'm at all even remotely interested in um, and so and you know, and and so I love I love hearing you say that let me share one more thing and then I got to jump on to another call from you know, for what it's worth man. Right? And I I don't know if I'm ever shared this with anybody else honestly outside of our company, but I you know, you know for what it's worth dude, you know, so, you know, I'm known for the E5 right the E5 method right this whole right and out of all of our products the one that I have the most difficult.

All-time selling is E5. Really? Yeah. Well and so I share that with you like so that you realize like you're not alone like and I believe me I sit back and I'm like what the heck? Why is this one product?

Like it's baffling to me. Yeah, but you know, like I'm not I know that like just like with you dude that that has nothing to do with your copy chops your ability your none of that like it is what it is right like it is what it is. I stop trying to figure out it is what it is fortunately. I know that like look you're adored and loved in the marketplace and value and there are people that want more from you and so believe me. You could take a training from top one anytime you do a training a top one take the recording will give it to you and sell it.

I don't care if you sell for 19 Buck 29 bucks let that when you get people exposed to your training to your mind to the way that you think to your approach. They're more apt to More from you they were they become fans. They remain fans, right? You mix it up then at one point. Maybe what we do right is next Black Friday.

What do we do? We take 10 of your presentations ten of your trainings we bundle it together and we offer it for 479 and that's what we run every Black Friday for now on like right and so there's just so many opportunity and and this way John and this the last thing that I'm gonna say, right and There's just to me to me. There's just something special about knowing. All right, this this week's this week's campaign. It doesn't have to be a home run.

I don't if I hit a single or a double every week. Cool, we're gonna win the game. Like I don't have to hit. I'm not do you know like when when guys do two launches a year, you better believe you better nail that I know. You don't know that right you like your whole business can change overnight when you fire off 40 45 bullets, you know bulleted campaigns, you know.

Don't matter man, like because it just it's snowballs. And so you have no issues with like a 279 or 39 Dollar product for your brand name because that that's the thing that that Leanne was hung up over. It's like oh, well, you're brand name. You don't want to sell anything for that I go Todd does I mean I don't have any issues with that. Yeah.

Yeah. No, I don't I don't at all. I really don't I don't I don't at all I don't I think the idea dude like, you know, um, I think the idea like no, I I don't you know, this is like look I heard somebody say and you take this for what it's worth because I don't I could make an argument against what it is that I'm about to say, but okay, so I heard somebody the other day say something like what did they say? They said with Black Friday they said And this was like a popular coach who is like a student of mine, right? But like a wildly popular dude who you would know by name and he said, um, he said something like now I'm running a Black Friday special right?

I have a Black Friday special. He posts something like no Black Friday special from me. Um, you know Rolls Royce, you know, when your Rolls Royce you don't have to run a Black Friday special something like that, right? I didn't say anything because I'm like God bless like that's all you know, cool. Okay.

Yeah, so make sense. Right but Toyota runs a Black Friday special and they make 10 times what Rolls-Royce does? Yeah. Yeah, and that's right, right. I was like, let me just for the heck of it.

Look up Rolls Royce Revenue Toyota Revenue. It was 10 times, right? So I mean look you could make the cake. Like if that's I get it got like yeah, you know, I get it. You don't Rolls Royce doesn't Toyota does and they happen to make 10 times what Rolls Royce does?

Yeah Rolls Royce makes so yeah, most people would rather drive a Toyota than a rolls for us. And so honestly like, you know the premise I get the premise but like sometimes dude, like listen man, you know, you know, yeah, I don't think anybody I think the idea do that. Wow. I bought something from John for 29 dollars. Um, therefore I'm not gonna buy anything from him for That there's zero evidence for us of that.

In fact, there's the opposite we found that when when we create a buyer with a lower ticket thing they go on to buy more like to buy higher higher ticket things. That's what you said. Yeah to do they buy twice and they're like, I forget this. Yeah, it's crazy. It's Off to the Races when we get when we get people to buy twice Off to the Races man.

And so it's those kind of things dude that we we just together have to be very careful that we don't buy into this whole like, you know, your Todd Brown you shouldn't be selling something for 39. That's all right. It's yeah right there. Really? I I the same so so yeah, that's great.

But well the rest of these questions I'll get with Teddy about and just want to say thank you again Todd and love your man and if you can send over that recording whenever you can that be awesome and I will not my friend did oh brother. I appreciate you so much man. Enjoy always talking to you dude. And so, you know it goes Out saying dude that I'm here for you and so but have an amazing day and amazing weekend, man and we'll chat keep your eye out for the recording of this. We'll do brother.
