---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-21 20:29:28"
date: 2022-10-21
duration: 57m
duration_seconds: 3442
vimeo_id: 762805366
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-21 20:29:28

**Date:** 2022-10-21 | **Duration:** 57m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, buddy? Hello, how are you? Good to see you man. How are you? Doing well doing good doing good.

Yeah, so oh, so how's it going? Give me a general since you know a couple weeks. How's it kind of just give me a general overview and then we'll talk a little bit more about what we talked about while we were in top one and So just give me a general update. General update is you know, we're sort of making that transition now, we're purely talking about my products selling side. We're making that transition to the this subscription model.

It was super soft launch. I think our actual thing where we go to our list will be next week. We've got something like eight or nine people in there. We had like a advertorials webinar that had like a 40 or 50 people show up. And so to capture eight of them I think was a pretty solid, you know, it's like 16% or something like and so what was that?

So I saw the you had some emails you had a banner in the email for the auditorial Workshop. So the advertorial workshop was free. No, that was the 37 bucks. So everyone paid to be a part of that gotcha, and I'm curious. So how did you promote that like, what was the total kind of promotional approach?

Yeah, we basically use like all of our channels which consists of email Facebook LinkedIn Instagram and then the YouTube posts for it too. Okay, and how did that do in terms of conversion like and how did it do in terms of sales? So conversions a good question. Because I don't know but in sales. I think it did like 2,300.

Okay. And so how do you not know your conversion rate on these campaigns like because 2300 it doesn't so you don't really while you know, the number 20 so look so 23 call it 37. So you sold 62 units, right? 62 62 units was that out of a hundred visitors. Is that a 1000 visitors?

Is that out of three thousand visitors, right? That'll tell us a lot really about like, you know, was it a lack of traffic or was it a lower conversion rate or like what or was it? You know, like what? What was it like we need to know those numbers? Okay.

Well, yeah, so I don't I could pull up clickfunnels. And see how many people visited the page. Yeah, like my head. Yeah, that's all right, you know, I'm curious of what I'm curious if it was an average conversion rate for you above average below average for in terms of your other offers to your list. Not your ability, you know, not not your best conversion rate, but I was just curious if it's average for your list.

That's a good question. Well, I'm gonna look dig into this a little bit here. And so let me ask you this real quick. So is the the advertorial workshop is that um is that now is the plan for that or was the plan for that to become sort of an evergreen offer that you now put in your your rotation to expose your list to so it goes into the copy Squad light library. Now that you're switching over to the three to the tiers now, it's gonna go into the copy light Library.

Okay. Got it. And so just to make sure that I'm crystal clear so. is the thought then that you're going to you know, you're gonna have a promotion for the advertorial workshop that's ultimately offered for free when people join copy, you know, the light is that the plan Yeah, we can take pretty much any piece of coffee Squad light and create a full promotion around it. And I think it's yours.

Just like we do in the financial space. You can get the special report when you subscribe. Yes. Okay. Got it.

Okay, and I got okay. I got some numbers here if you want to hear. Yeah, please. Okay. So we had a thousand uniques hit our opt-in page.

A thousand nine. We had 98 hit our order form page. We had 70 takes for the class and six takes for our bump. So 70 takes for the class and then five takes for our upsell. Okay, hang on.

so so a thousand nine hit the opt-in page 98 hit the order form 70 and rolled in the class 60 of the 60 of the 70 took the bomb now six six of the 70 took the bump and five of the 70 took the upsell. Yes, okay. And so when you say 98 hit the order form you have a separate you use a separate order form from the vsl page? Yes, okay. So then there is vsl.

So how many opt-ins did you get? 98 people had to complete to get to the oh wait option. So, okay. Right. So in other words how many to be honest, let me you share your screen for a second if you can yeah, I do that.

I got you. Share screen one. There you go. There we go. Okay, so you can see here.

So so you could see thousand and nine uniques hit the opt-in page and 133 opted in so you had a 13.18% opt-in rate. And then what it is said what it's saying is um that it's weird how it shows opt-ins on the order form. So then 70 sales right and out of the seventy six took the bomb and then like you said five took the the upsell and so And so what was the bump? Like what was it? What was the offer for the bump?

It's 87 dollars for automatic copy, which is the research thing. Okay. And what is the what was the upsell? Twenty million dollar copy ball is the it's a big compilation of a bunch of sales that are breakdowns that I did and copy squat Inner Circle. And what is the price point?

What was the price point on that about a hundred something? Yeah, the price point on that it's about it's about a hundred something. Yeah, it's about a hundred and fifty bucks. Um, okay. And so let me ask you this.

So. was the so just a I want to talk about this campaign, but I want to talk about a bunch of other stuff as well. And so I'm gonna try to be as efficient here as I can. So when you when your email you sent your email list to the opt-in page. um, we sent our email list to this page so I can just pop it out.

I think and yeah. So this page here? And the way that we're being we've been doing the vsl videos and stuff. I've been putting an emphasis on. you know, so if we talk about before trying to make sure we talk more about result but there's still very short one take like hey, we need a vsl for this and I sit down.

And I give like a problem solution. Like here's why you need this sort of thing with this one took six minutes. It's usually like I sit down I I get it out. So this is when when you do these vsls, so um, So when you do like a vsl like this which happens to be called seven minutes eight minutes, whatever six minutes, whatever it is when you do a vsl like this you're sitting down and it's basically for lack of a better phrase It's a stream of Consciousness. It's you know, you want to cover problem solution, but you're you're then just rolling.

I do have like a general plan of attack, right? Yeah, but what comes out of your mouth is not scripted is just like I know I want to hit these three things or these four things and then you and you go and okay. Is there a reason why you do it that way? Is it for Speed to test it? Yeah an idea the offer.

Is there a reason why you do it that way. I wish it was something that sophisticated. It's really just like oh s***. I'm supposed to do this yesterday and I need it. They need it we could go and yes.

All right. I got it. Now it's time to do this God and so on this vsl right here. So obviously you're you're mentioning the price like you're you're presenting the offer. I don't think I I kind of have it in my brain to never mention price in a video in case you want to change the price on the page got it, but you're so you're giving me offer minus the price like you're telling them on this Workshop You're Gonna Learn X and Y and Z and if you want it go ahead and click the button below and reserve your spot and so click the button for me.

Real quick the reserve but reserve my spot. So this is the optin. Okay, so this is step one. And then okay. And then we hit save my seat and it'll submit got it.

Okay, now comes with the order form. Okay, and so open up all my statistics and so um go. Can you go back to the clickfunnels page for one second the the clickfunnels dashboard? Okay, listen. Yep, and so okay.

Got it. Okay, so I'm going to just think for one second here. No one said So, um, did you have you have a follow-up sequence for the people that fill out step one and don't buy? Yeah, and so down here. There's this funnel.

It's attached to this funnel. This is the abandoned cart like if they like you said, so we had three takes from that God took the live class. No upsells. Got it. Okay, so you can see On this let's just do it.

We'll do the total. So we'll do 73. And so you can see on this Kyle that you had a a thousand and nine People right you got a thousand and nine people hit the page and you generated 73 sales. That's a seven percent conversion rate. It's a 7% conversion rate because if you take 73 divided by a thousand and nine, that's seven point two percent seven point two percent.

So pretty darn good conversion rate, right even though it's a you know, it's a lower ticket, you know, it's a lower ticket product and it's you know to your house file or or you know, mainly to your house file. It's a pretty darn good conversion rate the the with this campaign, right? So there are two things that would make this campaign. So there's a couple things let me just throw this out. So number one.

Just an FYI right you on camera for for again for lack of a better phrase winging it and I don't mean winging it. Like I just mean you rolling with it a one take six minutes seven minute vsl. You'll you can get away with that clearly with your house file, but you're not gonna get away with that with cold traffic. So if you wanted to use this with cold traffic to put people into the light tier, right we're gonna have to we're going to have to dial it in and do a good legit right? Because you're banking off of trust and relationship that people have with you when you're going to your house file.

And so um, so right like and the fact that we have a just know that take that to the bank that you'll you can get away with that with your house file. You're not We're not gonna get away with that with cold traffic. There are two things. So that is something that you gotta file away. The other thing.

Is that a what I would tell you to be able to use this with cold traffic. Is that a average order value or an average cart value of 54 dollars with a $37 core offer is extremely low. So and you can see that right off the bat right that you have a bump offer at 8.5% Your Bump offer should be north of 30% Like your Bump offer should always be north of 30 percent. We usually are north of 40 percent with our bump offer. And so we've got a really Dial Dial that in a little bit because it's costing us, you know, a significant amount of of aov really the way to look at it so that you know, even with this marketplace with the marketplace of copywriters, and I know that you're you said your copywriters are a little bit more lower end in terms of what they're willing to spend the majority and and this is important the majority of aov or average cart value should come from the the bump and the upsells the majority of your aov should always come from so in other words, we like to tell people that 60% of your average order value.

Your average cart value should be coming from your Bump and your upsell. If it's not that means that those assets are under optimized and so always right you have like if you have Ninety seven dollar core product and you have an aov of let's say 120 that just means that your Bump offer and your upsell or upsells are wildly under optimized because 60% of your average order value should be coming from the bump and the upsell and so, you know, we need to you know, we need to most certainly um dial those in because you're on a on a $37 product. There's no reason why you shouldn't have close to an 80 dollar average cart value and when it comes to cold traffic that's a significant difference like yeah, you can go from like look the reality is this that you could have even if the right this was our campaign my campaign, I would tell you that even with a seven percent sales conversion rate on the front, even if it stayed true to that seven percent sales conversion rate with cold traffic. We would still not be able to make this work without going negative on the front end out of 54 dollar average order value, but Right, if we got the average order value up close to 75 80 dollars, which is more than reasonable with a $37 core offer. It would now make cold traffic doable for us without having to go negative.

Yeah, I think there's you know, it's interesting to maybe see what happens. If this was like to cold traffic at the average cart value would actually go up because the reason I would say that is because automatic copy is our order bump on virtually everything. So if you've ever bought anything from me, you've seen this order bump there's we almost never mix it up. It's almost always automatic copy. Well, so, okay so one of the things and so that could be I mean, I've never seen that but also the fact that you you I've never seen I've never seen the take rate on a bump and an upsell go up with cold traffic from a house file, but it's certainly possible.

If they've been exposed to it your your house file out the Wazoo, but the other thing that I would say that to just give some food for thought is what you really want to do Kyle like right you're you know, you're you've been doing great work with all the promotions. I love it. I'm so freaking proud of you for for really pulling the trigger and putting out all these promotions. Like I said to you right you give people more opportunities to buy people spend more money with you you make more money you want to make more money more offers and you're doing it and so and that's awesome to see right now to go to the To go to the next level to go instead from you know to go from 20 to 30k a month to call it 50 to 70 k a month, right? We need to dial some things in we need to dial the vsl in so that we can use it with cold traffic.

Um, and you need to start to look at you need to think about the bump offer and the upsell and you really you you need to think about not what do we have on the hard drive that we can just plug in here to use but instead you need to ask yourself. All right, they're buying the core offer because they're interested in what they want to learn more about what therefore what would make a great bump offer. Like what is a perfect bump offer for this core offer that's congruent and that would have people salivating. So like for example, you were doing an advertorial, um, an advertorial master class. I might have I might have put together.

A swipe file of 20 of the best advertorials that you know, or I might I might have put together a cheat sheet on advertorial some you know, like something that is congruent that people who are taking advantage of the workshop would absolutely love right to see to see from you. It could have even been right the single most successful advertorial of the last year dissected broken down illustrating all the triggers, right the big four emotions blah blah blah, right? Like How could somebody who is interested in an avatorial Workshop not want to see that that's what we're looking for. So you don't want it to be hey, what do we have on the hard drive that we can plug in? Because that's what gives us an 8% or a 10% take rate on that.

We want something that can produce a 30 35 40 40 plus percent conversion rate. That's how you're going to move the needle on aov and the same thing with the upsell, right? Again, you've got to look at the psychology of the individual buying. Why are they buying the core product? What are they interested in?

Right? What do they ultimately need and what would be wildly congruent and wildly compelling as an upsell with based on what it is that they just bought and so make sense. Okay, and so yeah, and so, you know, it's it's what you what you you know for you man. What I would say is right now that you like and you're moving you're moving the needle like you're doing it, right which is awesome this first like it's awesome to see you, you know, moving the needle you got to remember don't let good be the thing that stops you from doing great. Right the thought they that that whole saying of right good is the enemy of great what meaning that don't like your generating some money, it's cool, but right that could turn into something significantly more if the aov right if we drove double the amount of traffic and the aov was 80 dollars instead of 50 dollars.

Now, you've got a vastly different, you know sales generation tool here that you can use with cold traffic that's putting serious money, you know in your pocket and so does that make sense? Yeah, and that's that's something you know where I'm at with it now is like you know, you asked what the general sentiment or general feedback or update is is the general feedback is you know, it's still inconsistent. It's still a bit feast or famine. Like we have a few of those heavy hitter campaigns and the rest are like blah so it can be the difference between a $30,000 month and an actual like $10,000 month. You know, that's crazy.

It's crazy. Like there's listen our art you're you should be thinking right you should be at you know, you should be north of 75,000 a month. If not closer to a hundred thousand dollars a month you have to start and I know that like look it might seem daunting. Right but the the hardest part you've already done not you've got to understand how that you know, number one. Like we're in the business of iteration and optimization.

This is it's a very different business your business. Then Agora right in that a girl was like, let's test it to the house file and if it didn't work, let's move on to the next idea, right they were ultimately in like, let's see if we can find the hit right Mark used to say like we're in the hip business. Right, like the record label we're looking for the next hit and so let's go through 10 promotions 12 promotions 15 promotions 80 promotions until we find the one hit that's not the business that you're in because we don't have the Manpower or the resources to do that. We're in the business of engineering and then optimizing and optimizing is why having these numbers like sales conversion rate like bump off or take rate like upsell take rate is so critical and being able to look at. All right.

We're earning right? We earned a dollar 80 a click. Well, right we can't go to cold traffic if we're earning a dollar 80 a click. Therefore We're Not Gonna scrap this campaign or go back to the or dump all the Duds. We're gonna optimize them.

So instead of a instead of a dollar idiot click. It's 360 a click or 370 a click that we're gonna earn. Yeah, it's just that. Well, two thoughts like I hear this maybe three maybe three thoughts. I hear this number.

You should be making a hundred thousand a month. I'm like where to does that money come from even if I squeeze every person on my file for a hundred bucks today. I don't know if I could do that in a month the so that's the first thought the second thought is. it sounds like like I can't do it with what I have. Like I have to get a bigger pool of customers to find more.

I have to drive more traffic more actively Drive Drive traffic. So that's part two. The third thing I was thinking of is To a degree I sort of understand. like the more that I do this the more I can see like my brain doesn't have. the habits or like pattern recognition that it that it needs to succeed in this at this time like the things that you're saying is like it sounds like I need to sort of find my winning is campaign and then sort of start optimizing that for cold traffic like that's like instead of releasing a new like focus on what mark would call.

Your optimized selling Strate Solutions. Yeah, your Optimum your Optimum selling solution. Yeah it is that one front end that you get to like 30,000 customers in that one. Yeah and There's just something about as I think about it. I'll share it with you because I'm in the kind of pain to share this stuff with you.

But like it kind of gives me like a sort of dread like I won't know what to do like whenever you're talking about like Like I'll have everything set up. and I feel like it'll like if I feel like I will be winging that that's what I feel. Like. I feel like I will be making that s*** up as I go and that gives me dread is that like I'll be making these moves and I'll be putting they'll be Stakes now because I'll be spending money and and putting things in a line and that well, then I'll get the report. You know, we'll have I'll have like Facebook dashboard just like this right here and I'll just look at it blankly and be like well now what yeah, and then so I I told so let me let me address because those three the three things that you said are three valid points.

Let me just start with the third thing that you said, um, the the about like you don't have the pattern recognition, um, you know, right and so if it gives you dread to think of looking at a dashboard and not knowing what the heck to do and just kind of winging it. Well, you're never gonna have to wing it because you're gonna show me the dashboard and right and so and over time Kyle you're gonna gain the pattern recognition. So to speak just like you did with copy right like today you've You you know, you've got that pattern recognition with copy. You can spot the the flow the formula you you know, what each piece of copy is doing and why you didn't have that when you first started and so it all it takes is developing that over time and as you're developing that I'm going to teach you what you should be looking at what it means and what we do in those in those circumstances and you're gonna gain the pattern recognition and so just like right you're anytime you learn any new skill that doesn't matter what it is. You always start off right like the top one percent in every Market at one point was the bottom one percent.

That's the nature of the of reality of learning anything new. As it relates to I want to go back to on the first thing that you said which is like how and that how in the world am I going to extract a hundred grand out of my my current list, you're not like you're not the aim isn't to um, the aim isn't to try to grow a wildly profitable business based on the current size of your house file. There's only so much money that you can extract out of you know out of a house file of that size the house file your current house file is not ultimately where we want to be in three months six months nine months 12 months. That's not where we want to be. That's not where we we can't be there if we want you to be able to make the money that you should be making in this market.

I'm not talking about Kyle like look, I'm not I'm not here to promise you that you're gonna have a five or eight million dollar business. I'm not saying that in in the copy writer, you know Arena. I'm not saying that at all, but I'm certainly saying that a hundred thousand dollars a month, which is a million dollars a little bit over a million dollars a year. Is is certainly more than reasonable in this space? And I know it because two of the biggest copywriting, um, you know communities in the space are top one clients as you know, and so I know what their business looks like and I know the money that they generate and there's an absolutely no reason why your business shouldn't be following along the first kind of major milestone for you.

I believe is that 100,000 is that hundred thousand? As it relates to you know to the the second point the second point I think is spot on in what you said you talked about like that. You should be really working on that Optimum selling solution or really just having that one campaign that allows you to acquire buyers. That's what's going to take care of Point. Number one in other words, like look.

Here's the reality right and I want you to listen to me right because this was a lesson that I had to learn and I learned this the hard way number one. I believe that until you are able to pay for the acquisition of a buyer. You don't really have a business. Not you just anybody right like until you have the ability to pay for the acquisition of a buyer. You really don't have a business.

You have a bunch of promotions. What is going to allow you allow us in your business to grow your business to grow your house file and most importantly to grow your revenue. And your profit is the ability to acquire new buyers at scale and what's gonna allow us to acquire new buyers at scale is Media buying I've never the reason why I lean towards media buying is because I've never seen anything else rival the the volume of people that we can acquire and the speed at which we can acquire them through media buying that's why we we go there. The other thing is that it's all trackable and measurable and we can open up the faucet and close the faucet whenever it is that we want and so you're absolutely correct. The first thing that we always always work on with Any of our own Ventures any of our other any of our businesses as well as with clients is you've got to have at least one campaign that allows you to acquire new buyers from Paid traffic that is always the priority and it only takes one like the realm but most people don't understand.

I've built the back of this company off of a single campaign for 18 months man, 18 months. I ran one front end campaign for 18 months. And so you we need a front-end campaign or else what's gonna happen is the growth of the house file is just gonna be incremental. It's just gonna people are gonna trickle in right our our growth is going to be like it's gonna be very very slow. You're gonna have these Peaks and valleys right?

Because you're gonna be rolling out offers that big chunks of the house file of already seen and it aren't interested in and so we need a front end offer. We need to be able to that that is the foundation of the business and that's why Mark said right that nothing else matters until you've got that one campaign in place. Everything else is just noise. Everything else is what's gonna keep you busy. It's Gonna Keep the wheat your real spin in right?

You're gonna see some money coming in 3000 here 3000 here 6,000 here 7,000 here. But in order to get up to that that serious level that first major Milestone of 100 Grand you've got to be able to acquire buyers. Like and you've got to be able to acquire Mass buyers like we need to put 40 45,000 copywriters on your list. Like that's what we need to put 40 and right and how are we going to do that? We're gonna do that with page.

We're gonna do that by paying for media driving them right to buy, um, liquidating your advertising costs with your front end which is why I spent the time going over that campaign because while that campaign is cool to do as a quote unquote back-end meaning where you just expose it to your house file. You're not paying media. If you're not paying for me, it doesn't matter what the alv is right. It doesn't really matter what the aov is right, but the aov matters when you are paying for the acquisition of the buyer and we need to be able to pay for the acquisition of the buyer and I know for you that we need more than a 54 dollar aov to be able to pay for buyers at scale for you. And I know that I know because I'm intimately familiar with Market, I know that if we had an $80 and 80 dollar aov, even if your sales conversion rate got cut in half and it was about 3.5% right?

We will be able to acquire new buyers without having to go wildly negative on the front end and that's what's going to allow you to put people on your list and as we're as we're putting people on your house file, that's when you're just gonna monetize them with more and more offers, but you need like look, you know when you've got an aov of $54 and you're only sending a thousand people to the to the campaign. There's only so much money that we can extract. Right, like there's only so much money that we can extract. Yeah, I think. I think what a campaign for us would look like like a real winning campaign.

I was talking to John Murray when we're in Orlando and he asked me to sort of like put together like a two-minute. YouTube video that We could run as an ad move people to my email copywriting crash course my email copyright and crash course like a 15 minute video or 17 minute video. Basically just free how to write emails with a PDF pitch in the middle like get the free PDF. just to start bolstering traffic in people to sign up so that the funnel sort of looks like our hottest thing in our space in the copywriting space right now. You can think like four or five like major gurus like pushing.

This is email copywriting. It's like the gateway to making riches. So one of the things we have several email products now just because we keep offering email stuff because people keep buying it. It's like our best selling stuff. So I could do an email.

product campaign and then, you know add some bonuses because hey I have this email writing masterclass. Here's all the stuff. Oh, by the way, I have an affiliate offers class from John Rhodes. And by the way, we also did another email class but something I think we did another one that we did and we can say all these are gonna be for free when you join copy Squad light today. And so that way we have the get the all that stuff the email bundle the Mastery thing.

He had called like email. I think I have one of those offers email Mastery pack or something like that. Yeah, and then get the email Mastery pack. when you pay 47 dollars right now and then we can add the ab for the avatorial master class already gonna be in there. So we add that as a bonus.

Hey, by the way, once you get emails settled, how are you gonna stand out we have advertorials for you. Um, that'll be as part of it. I'm trying to think what the order bump and all that stuff was also hang on. So so yeah so number one. So I I and I I see how like people are for whatever reason, you know, and it's funny how things just come back around how people are really responding to email related.

Um, Email related pitches, you know, so a couple things let me just throw out a couple things here kind of a little brain dump for you. So number one is is you know, you need to find your angle on email. What you don't want to do bro is especially in this space which this you know, the online marketing online direct response. All that is so freaking saturated. It is insane how saturated it is how many offers there are that are duplicates of other offers out there.

You need your unique take on email you and and like look this is why I said to you like check this out. This is why I said to you and I don't mean you know, like like look, you know, one of the best selling it hasn't been promoted in a long time, but one of the best selling um, one of the best selling email marketing programs in the history of this industry, this is before when you are a tyke. Was a program from Andre chaperone and Andre had autoresponder magic arm arm autoresponder magic and autoresponder mat. One of the best selling email marketing programs ever man this thing built this dude up to he was household name in this in this space. Um and It was a unique approach to email writing.

It was basically. It was basically like a a store it was his version of like using stories with Cliffhangers multi-part emails that were all preloaded right into like an autoresponder and it was his unique take on email. I and so you need your unique take your unique angle. This is why I said to you that one of the things that you've got to start to think about Kyle is you've got to start to think about differentiation. How do you stand out?

How do you immediately say to these people? It doesn't matter what you've learned about email before you've never learned this system. You've never learned these secrets right? I'm gonna show you something new different and something that is absolutely crushing it right now. And so that's ultimately the pitch that you want to be able to to make there for you have to find something develop something on Earth something that allows you to make that claim.

This is why I said to you that one day That all that if I had the desire or the bandwidth, um, I would have I would do an email marketing program from Agora. Like I would have done a right agoras approach to email marketing everything from how they cut how they link editorial with the marketing what they track how often they mail how they segment right like how they choose the topics all how they choose their subject lines how all that why for if for no other reason dude than it is different right? Nobody's ever seen behind the closed doors. Nobody's ever gotten the details on the Agoura email system for the first time. I'm bringing you behind the doors to see how to use this system in your blah blah blah.

The only reason it different different and so rather than just saying the email marketing masterclass right email more everybody and their brother has an email marketing master class. So then it becomes why yours man what they're it's all I could go to YouTube and find email marketing Mastery and whatnot. So this has to be your right. So that's the first thing the second thing dude is what I would be thinking about for stuff like the bump and the upsells. Um, I would be thinking like, um, you know, like is there is there an email swipe file?

Is there a swipe file of tested like the the top 35 best subject lines that generated open rates above 40% that right has never been shared before PDF, you know, 15 page PDF just of that. Is there a, you know, is there a, you know, like a something on deliverability like how to get right all stuff related to email save the advertorial master class for the back. End for the stuff that once you've got the buyer and once you've got the person on your house file now, you can expose them to see using what we talked about the click sequence the interest sequence and the conversion sequence, right, but I wouldn't offer it as an upsell because it's not congruent with somebody raising their hand and saying man. I want to learn the secret to making money with email. You see what I'm saying?

Yeah, and so you just need to start to like you need to think about like you need to make sure that when people see your stuff dude, and I know that this is you know. This is marketing or copy 101 for you, but just you know, just let me say it again. You need to bring you need them to see that. This is something different. You need to make sure that you don't ever allow them to say.

Oh, I know this or I'm sure I've heard this before right? So right like it's not just how to write how to write great short copy. It's your unique system the your unique methodology your unique approach one thing. I do want to ask and it's almost goes kind of closer to that Agora thing. My unique approach is disrupt Intrigue click.

Like that is truly my Approach and so, you know, how do I stay authentic to what I actually do in practice and and then say it's also unique when I've also had like nearly a dozen YouTube videos explaining disrupt Intrigue click and it is actually what I practice. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean look so number one, right? We're never gonna say something that you don't mean right. So you're always gonna maintain Integrity.

Um, I I think that um, so are there like look, you know, I talk about a lot of things I talk about the big idea and unique mechanism and all these things out and out in public. That doesn't mean that doesn't that's that doesn't stop you from being able to create a program a training on it. If you go more in depth like on each one if you show examples and break it down more and and give or include formulas include worksheets include, um, the research process for them to be able to identify, you know, triggers that are gonna disrupt and like just go deeper so I can talk I can give a 45 minute, you know talk about the Big Marketing idea, right which I just did for click funnels and you know, whatever and boys or whatever it was right, but yet I still have a full day a multi-day training program on the big idea going in depth talking about Psychology talking about like showing details showing more examples breaking down the examples. And so there's nothing right like you you can take what it is that you've taught on YouTube and turn it into a program. The thing that I would say is this that what you have to get used to in this in this Marketplace from a differentiation perspective is that it's not just saying I'm gonna teach you how to write better email copy using disrupt Intrigue.

What is it disrupt Intrigue and then what click disruption really click right? I'm not it's never your never set. You're never presenting it this way. I'm gonna teach you how to write better email copy using the disrupt Intrigue click process because what you're telling them what you're ultimately promising them is you're gonna teach them how to write better email copy. You're gonna teach them a formula you're gonna teach them a methodology and the method Ology what you call whatever it's you know, and we could name it something at like name the formula name the you know, we would we would come up with a name for it.

Right? Like, you know, whatever Psychological reactants right like me this Leverage is like and it leverages like right like and I'm gonna teach you this process that will make your emails more effective get more like so language is a big one for me. I'm apparently I don't know how I'm could possibly be the first one to say this but I feel like I'm the first person to say this and it reach people's ears, but I say like copy is a language and so it's a different form of speaking. It's a different methodology for communicating. Um, so I could to stay on brand I could say, you know, the language of email or the I would say the language of the click because the email is about getting a click it's not about email.

It's about getting someone to click. Yeah. So if you say so you're so look. So let me I'm gonna give you I'm gonna make something up here for a secure. So look if you say right I'm gonna teach you the language of email right like that's of Click, whatever.

That's that's no no bueno for this but no bueno. But if you said something like let's take the language of email and let's just say that like I'm gonna make something up here. I'm gonna say that it is. Um, uh linguistic, you know linguistic pattern recognition. I'm making this up right linguistic pattern into the pattern recognition.

Now what you say is right? I'm gonna teach you a new way new you got to start to think of it this way. I believe that it was Dan Kennedy who said it like this and I think that this is spot on you're always selling a replacement not an improvement. You're selling a replacement, right? So if you say I'm gonna teach you how to write better emails.

That's an improvement. I'm gonna I never say to people I'm gonna teach you how to create better funnels. I always say I'm gonna teach you a process. A method A system that gives you more productive more effective marketing campaigns that system is what's called E5. It's a different way of constructing a marketing message.

See how I'm not I'm replacing what it is that you've done what it is that you've learned right? What it is that you think you know, I'm not gonna improve it right? I'm not gonna improve it. I'm replacing it. Right like I'm gonna I'm gonna play it's not telling the orthodontist right?

I'm gonna help your I'm gonna show you how to make better phone calls. It's I'm gonna show you a new way a different way to make these calls that produces XYZ. So for you going back to the the thing it becomes right? I'm gonna teach you I'm gonna show you a system some different from anything else that you you've learned before. For creating a wildly effective email campaigns.

It's called linguistic pattern recognition and what linguistic pattern recognition does for your emails is That this this this and this right so you're introducing something new you're basically said I'm gonna teach you a different thing that you can plug in and by plugging this in it makes your email marketing work. I'm not not I'm gonna teach you how to write better email copy not I'm gonna teach you how to do right how to create better. Subject Lines. No in this space, right? It's I'm gonna teach you a different way.

I'm gonna teach you a system a different way a different methodology a different approach to email subject lines that get open rates 40% more or higher like different way a pattern to use in the opening of your emails that leverages psychological triggering to suck people see how it different. So what we're describing if I had to take it and put it into my own copy school what you're saying cuz it's basically the same thing with different labels. What I would say is the language of the click is what I would consider a force in nature, which is the pattern recognition. So it's not the mechanism. So the language of the click is the force of Nature and what I call Force nature is the thing that we're tapping into.

So what we're tapping into just like I talked about what copy is a lizard brain. So I'm going to teach you a new way to write emails that specifically targets the language of the click. What does that mean? It means that these emails are specifically designed so that we go straight to your buyers clicking button in their brain. It makes them want to click click click click.

Yes, so hang on. So right so you everything that you're saying I dig I love you can use it. You can teach it. I think what you said is spot on is that the difference between what you're saying and what I'm saying is merely the labeling so rather than saying it's a force of nature or it's the language of email you had said right that it's talking to the the lizard brain right like and blah blah, right, so maybe Instead of just saying we're going to talk to the lizard brain or I'm gonna teach you how to talk to the lizard brain, which other copywriters have said right people talk about that. Right other copy orders have said maybe and I'm just making this up here right?

Just as an example. This isn't it? This is just an example. Maybe what you call it is reptilian targeting. Right and not like another right like and that's just an example like in other words.

I'm gonna show you how to create right? I'm gonna show you a different way to create emails based on what I call reptilian targeting what this does is it speaks to the part of your prospects brain that drives them to want to hear more with reptilian targeting you increase the click through rate and I'm just making that up as an example. But the point is that what I'm what I'm saying the way I'm labeling. It appears to the prospect as right like as a different method not just a commoditized approach. Right.

So when you say to some I'm gonna teach you a better way, or I'm going to teach you this generic General thing done. But when you have something everybody wants Kyle, especially in this face where there's there's been so much training on copy even go to YouTube and just type copy copy Secrets copy tricks copy what everybody is looking for is the new and different. And that new and different can't just be I'm gonna teach you a new way to write. I'm gonna teach you a new way to start your, you know, a new way to open up your your sales letter. You need to label it.

You need to label it. Does that make sense? Yeah, totally total, you know, like and and look I see this man. Like I'll tell you I was watching this commercial real real quick. I want to be sensitive to time here cuz I gotta jump in a few minutes.

We did we barely even scratch the surface here, but like for you dude and because I think that this is so so important like because I want you to see the the, you know, like your role in now you got movement. I want to make sure that that movement that it's snowballs for you right that it's snowballs that it doesn't stall out that it doesn't Peak here and all you gotta you gotta understand that what got you here isn't what's gonna get you there. Right what got you here isn't what's gonna get you there. And so I saw this commercial the other day and this guy it was for like window installation or something like that and the guy said it was like one of these weird where it looked like he was being interviewed. The lady was like what makes your windows, you know, so cool and and the guy said, you know, it's you know, he said it's our installation process.

Um, and then they got he goes it's our installation process and then the guy goes, um, something like, you know, our folks have been trained, you know for you know, 15 years on installing Windows the moment that that Said our our guys have been trained for 15 years on installing Windows. He shot himself in the foot because what he was doing was he was making a claim of we're just better. We're more trained than the other guys. All he had to do after he said right. It's all in our installation process.

All he had to do after that was just say the process that we use we call. Blah blah blah window, you know window secure, you know Windows securing adhesion and because of Windows secured adhesion, which all of our guys have been trained on for 15 plus years you we let unless humidity less light less air your window, right? They last longer right? Boom now right now. It's an apples to oranges comparison.

Now everybody else might be trained on the regular installation process of windows, but he's not he's no longer being compared to that because he's got all he did was label it and you got to understand Kyle that anything that has a label somebody labeled it. It don't matter what it is. Somebody labeled it that and so while you may be thinking well, it's just disrupt, you know intrigued click, right? Like the reality is is if you've added any additional details to that anything at all any additional insights then label it. Right if it's not identical to right like it's not the same exact thing as what somebody else's teeth.

Then label your version of it slight tweak all it has to be as a slight tweak because maybe that slight tweak that you've made or tweaks that you've made have made all the difference and why it works so well. Does that make sense? Yes, that makes sense. Absolutely. And so I hmm and so we might have to have a follow-up because there's so much more to That I wanted to talk about I got to jump on unfortunately another an interview but I'm gonna have Glenda um schedule another half hour for us.

We'll see if we can make it happen next week if that works for you and then like what's unpack a little bit more I do want to do that. I have a meeting with Damian on Tuesday. Okay, Glenda didn't mention what it was about but I I actually don't know what it's about. I'm not sure if you know what it's about. Not a clue.

I have no idea what not a clue. Is it maybe to talk about Media or I have no idea. I don't know. I have no idea. Yeah, I do think I have a Splenda.

I didn't she just asked by a time and I was like sure I have time 30 minutes on Tuesday. Okay, you schedule you take my things often where you have no idea what the meeting is about. With for certain people I do. Oh, okay. I'll take it.

I could certainly find out if you want when I'm done with my interview. I'll find out for you if you want. I'll just yeah, I'll select Glenda and see if she can give me a little bit of details. Yeah, I would do that. Yeah, but I guess uh, one of the things you got to go at 5:30.

I got three minutes. Yeah. All right, like three minutes and then I got out prep for this interview. I was because I was thinking I was wondering if this is what the interview with dami was about. So pretty sure like my top one year is going to lapse here and I'm excited about all the stuff that we're talking.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm and I want to continue with it and I probably will have to have this conversation with Damien or something, but I I feel like I'm nervous about it now because the the price rate that I'm paying is accounts for like basically over a month of our income as a business. And so that's before I pay anybody and it's like top line revenue numbers. So it's like I believe in the things that you're saying.

I see the forward momentum beginning but I I want to have I don't know if it's a full conversation if I just want to announce that I am not the same as these other cats sitting in the room with multimillion dollar businesses is I'm not that dude yet. Unfortunately, I'd love to be so I just kind of want to like say that out loud because that's it is a serious factor that I have to weigh sure in this and it's and again like I want to say like the most Grace that I can that yeah. It's I believe in what you're saying. I believe in the direction that we're headed. So but I I speak to Damian.

I'm sure where you want a payment plan for the first year. I mean, I had done a substantial amount of like I had money from copywriting like when I was a copywriter and so I believe that you can do a payment plan. If I'm not mistaken Damien all explain it to you. I mean, yeah, you know, I don't mean to put you on the spot like no, no, not at all. You're not putting me on the spot at all.

Like look I I don't want anybody ever to do anything with top one or anything for that matter that's gonna cause any kind of financial stress like and keep you awake at night, you know as well, you know there, you know, we don't we we don't you know, we don't do any special pricing because just from an Integrity perspective it wouldn't be fair to the other people but I do believe that there is a payment plan that you can do. Um, and so speak to him and see what you know, speak to him. He's you know, he's not gonna do any he's not gonna work any crazy, you know deal that um, like right it's we either offer something to everybody or we don't offer to anybody but I do believe that there is Even option that you can make and look at the end of the day man. I you know, I don't want I'd love to to keep working with you. I'd love to see you stick around we love having you but I also don't want you to lose sleep at night.

Like if that would cause you to lose sleep at night over the financial burden and I don't want you to do it. Right and so I think about it. I'll also message Damian and and let him know I'll let him know if that's what it's about. But I'll let him know anyway, and then we'll go from there man. Okay, I appreciate that.

I just want to like say that again and again and I want to say with as much graciousness as possible that I appreciate everything that you do and you know, I'm not trying to Trying I know you're not. I know you're not you're great. Get out of here. Go do your thing. Enjoy the weekend.

Keep an eye out for a message from Glenda for us to meet regardless next next week, and then we'll go from there man. All right, buddy. Well, thanks a lot. Enjoy your next meeting and talk soon.
