---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-04-14 17:01:52"
date: 2023-04-14
duration: 1h 20m
duration_seconds: 4811
vimeo_id: 817748937
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-04-14 17:01:52

**Date:** 2023-04-14 | **Duration:** 1h 20m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, guys? Hey Todd. Hey goodness. So good to see you guys. How you both doing?

Pain in there hanging in there. Well, why don't you I I know that you want to talk about you want to do some planning some strategizing for from this next campaign, but just give me kind of a quick, you know, um update since the last you know, whatever over the last week. And so I know you know, yeah like we two weeks whatever it is. Just give me a little a little update most current update. Jimmy you want to go first?

Yeah, I mean so the last week so I have to go back a little bit. So we are head coach Jason resigned in like the second week of March and gave us until the end of the month. Oh, sorry. Yeah, March gave it to the end of the month. So like almost three weeks notice.

Um, and so I was a big blow it was made worse by the fact that he was recruited by a former employee. That we had let go in this in the fall as part of our reorganization around costs. It was our operations manager. so so that happened and then the following day after his last day. So his last day is March 31st.

April 1st morning of we woke up to liana's resignation notice by email our marketing manager and hers was not a giving notice hers was effective immediately. My computer is on the way back to you. Here's the tracking number. so yeah and set aside any commentary on that. I think you can imagine how much of an impact that would have so both of those back to back.

Then he gutted the team. I mean gutted like literally I don't mean like hit us in the gut which it did but it also literally emptied out the team. It's me and Lucas and our Tech Guy at this point. So our leadership team just evaporated and So it you know caused a little bit of of stress. We were already stressed enough with Jason leaving Leona leaving on top of it didn't make it better.

So Yeah, that's what that's what happened. I guess some other on the on the positive side. I mean, you know, we had a great launch with. The scalable coach accelerator upgrades and Evergreen business accelerator. We had 11 people do that.

So our best performance ever for any month for EBA and you know produced our second best quarter. Actually. I thought I was gonna be our best quarter. It was our second best quarter after the last quarter last year. So but they were pretty close but way more profitable this past quarter, which was nice and You know under the silver lining of the team leaving is it's going to be more profitable for a little bit and still because we will be Bank salaries or benefits.

So tell me a little bit. So this so tell me right so we're now at what so this is the 14th of April and so tell me a little bit about when you you know, so tell me what what's going on in April in terms of the team stuff. I mean the first week was sort of addressing the shell shock for the first few days at least and then you know from there. I mean thankfully Jason and his last two weeks was able to document a fair amount of things for us, you know at a request and so we feel and thankfully the model that we have that we've designed is designed to be really lean. This is just certainly leaner than we would like or leaner than we and hoped or designed for in terms of team and resources.

And so if it weren't for the model that we have frankly I think s*** would be breaking everywhere and we'd have fires to put out on every front. Thankfully. We don't really have any fires to put out. So it's nice to not have to worry about that per se and yeah in the strongest cash and and financial position we've ever been in is Not a bad thing to say or feel either. Yeah, and if you like, what about Jason, but that's it.

So when you say the the shell shock um, are you really just talking about your own like wow I can't believe that this just happened awareness I think that's what you're really not. Okay? Yeah pretty much. Um, I mean, I think it was just honestly the load of having to replace those roles, you know on top of all the other things we wanted to do trying to do all those things with fewer people and adding on to it replacing those people. So yeah, it's like yeah, I mean, I I think it was I think it was multifold.

I mean when you work with somebody day in day out for six and and four years respectively and you know, both of them came on to our team and Jason came on as a part-time intern and to be our head coach train him from years. And Liana came in you know working as an assistant at a Like A Dog Daycare Center and they came on marketing manager. So I mean they went from the most entry level you could imagine to high level players on our team by Design and with a lot of effort and investment both financially and time. And so just you know, I'll at least speak for myself emotionally speaking. It was really challenging.

still difficult Yeah. Yeah, it feels like a bit Trail just to be just be blunt. I know it's not that's not a very business like way to look at it. But you develop a personal relationship with people that you've trained from it's like raising them in a way like, you know, they were they and Jason even acknowledged like I got married. I bought a house like all these things happened while I was because I was enabled by you like you gave me the opportunities, you know, because he was at a point in his life where he was like, I don't know what the f*** I want to do because I hate everything that I've done up until now and I feel like I'm nothing and so he pretty much started from scratch with us.

Like because I knew his wife and so he came in for it. We were interviewing for a sales intern to just help me do some of the low level tasks with sales like, you know Legion or whatever like, oh cold Outreach. We're doing all that stuff in the day. We're doing all the LinkedIn Outreach and whatever and so I needed somebody to do that nonsense and he was like sure I'll take it on and so from there he went into agency. He you know didn't really excel at that.

But he hardly was really good at was talking to clients and the coaching side of it like talking them through talking them off Ledges and things like that. So we're like maybe he should just be a coach like maybe we should pick as we came up with this coaching model. We're like we shifted he was like super he's shined at that and he was great at that and All we need for all we know he was every time we talked him about it. He was like, this is perfect. It's exactly what I want to be doing and he says he wasn't even looking.

And this former employee who was let go that probably was disgruntled thought. You know, it's cool to recruit from my former employer even though it's going to devastate us. And he got offered a lot more money, which we even agreed to match. We said, you know when he came by the time he came to us. We're like we were planning on giving a raise anyway because we cut we we only were just waiting to see how the launch went.

Once we knew that the launch was were good. We're going to give both of them races because they deserved it and we were just it was just a matter of days. So we're like, let's just do it. Well, it's more than we planned. Let's just do it.

It's worth it to not have to deal with the hassle and he thought about it and said no, I still want to go with the greener pastures. and so yeah, that's a lot of times. Oh, yeah summarizing clarify with it's been a challenging few weeks. But overall, we're very optimistic and very confident. We just know that the next few months are gonna be extremely challenging as we try to balance maintaining the momentum that we have and that we're building with Just straight up bandwidth and you know resources that we have and so we think we can do it.

We have every intention and goal of doing that and we just took some of the lower sort of the lower priority stuff off of our plates and just have like two major things. We're focused on and that's it. Yeah, so I want to share just a couple things with you guys before we dive into why we're really here the planning the campaign, but before I do just a quick a question and so what are you gonna take away from this experience? Like what? What did you learn from this?

um I think there are probably several things. I think one of the one of the biggest things at least on the marketing side is we need more stuff documented. Lyanna was a pretty organized person in general and a lot of that organization was personal and not organizational and so that Was helpful in some respect but not enough. And so I think you know moving forward really getting clear on the efficiencies that we need and the things that we want to develop how we produce new campaigns things like that. Not not just from a strategy perspective, but just organizationally speaking so that those things can be executed consistently regardless of who's handling what and so that those things can be handed off should team members need to be replaced things like that.

and You know. I I know there's other stuff in this very moment. I'm sort of single-mindedly focused on on what's ahead enough, though I think also dividing enough. Dividing up the responsibilities a little bit more. So I think we were we were aiming for like developing leaders in the in the company and I think what we really I mean I hate to say but I don't know for maybe this is the wrong word, but I almost feel like I want cogs right?

Like I want I want like pieces of a machine. That are are not gonna have it come crashing down if they leave. And maybe that's the wrong way to look at it. But I feel like at least for the short term. What I want to do is we've taken their roles of divided them into what are the functions rather than it.

Can we get a person that can do all of Leon it can do in a person that can do over Jason could do rather than looking at like what are the roles and because we built them up organically those roles. We didn't those rules weren't like written out and we filled them we built the roles around what they were good at and what they wanted to do and where they shined and so now that they're not here those roles don't have to look the way that they looked and so we're looking for someone to handle the administrative stuff someone to handle the customer support type stuff like those specific things of what each of them were doing. You know and just breaking it up a little bit more so that and also really looking for more. Yeah, just having more people. So we're less dependent on individuals but you know looking offshore for example for some of these roles.

So just I guess making ourselves a little bit more anti fragile as you've talked about before I think yeah, and I look let me throw this out there and you got you know you Ponder this individually collectively later maybe over the weekend so a couple things and I want to I'm gonna throw out a few things that are just big picture things. Number one is um, the toughest part of this whole thing right is the emotional impact right the dealing with the the feeling of betrayal the feeling of you know, disloyalty the feeling of I just poured into this person for years and made them what they are now. They're they're leaving. That's really the the hardest part of this this whole thing. It's normal.

It what you're dealing with is unfortunately a normal side of growing a business like guys people leave. Oh total like and and right I've operated. You know, like I've I've been through what it is that, you know, you just went through you're going through numerous times and I learned to operate with the mindset of of people leave and anyone can leave right? So it would not Shock Me If Teddy decided to move on tomorrow if Chris decided to move on tomorrow if Glenda decided to to move on tomorrow, It would not Shock me if Damien decided he wanted to go in a completely different Direction with his professional career. I've gotten to the point where I just realized that people move on people change what they want what right and so don't take it.

You can't take it personally you can second guess did we do something, you know, like did we do something wrong? I'm not saying you shouldn't look it systems processes. Did we care for these people? But don't take it personally, like, you know, we're not gonna be able to hold on to people and But it's normal. And the reality is is that really if we really boil down what it means to be an entrepreneur an entrepreneur is really all about dealing with and solving problems.

Right like problems within the within the the business within the operation from small little um, inefficiencies friction points to the bigger occurrences, like a core team member leaving for whatever reason, um, And so this is not a a rare a rare thing. What you're dealing with is normal. There's zero doubt in my mind that you're going to you know, you're gonna come out the other side and this there's also zero doubt that this is gonna be the last time that you have somebody on your team unexpectedly leave. I think you have to realize that like look it is our job to pour into people. It is our job to develop people to to help them to evolve to help them to grow to to help them get better and right the last thing that you want you don't you don't want to keep people that are you know that are see players and then they stay long term.

That's the last thing that you want. That's the worst thing that you want as a team of see players that you don't pour into you don't develop they never get any better and they stay with you long term you want people going from Seas to bees and bees to A's when you do that they're then is this inherent risk of They are ready to do something else. They're ready to try something on their own. They're ready to you know, explore greener pastures, whatever that looks like. Um, and you know, I you just you've got to start to a adopt the mindset of these people anybody can leave at any point.

Therefore we have to have the documentation that we need. We have to have the systems in place. We I have to know like or at least have some semblance of a plan for what's gonna happen. If Bob leaves if Jane leaves tomorrow what happens if God forbid something happens to somebody on the team like what are we gonna do? We can't operate with this mentality of Things are going to remain the same.

I you know perpetually because they're not and at any point somebody can leave something can happen. We need to be prepared mentally for that emotionally for that. We need to understand what we would do. What what's the contingency plan? If you will and recognize that it happens.

It's it's a normal part of what we do and and being an entrepreneur is about solving problems. That's what you guys are dealing with now and so will there be inconveniences for you over the next the coming weeks and months of course, but that's just the nature of being an entrepreneur and it's and it's normal. And so there are times when you you've got this, you know momentum there are times when we want to put our you know, push the gas down even harder and go and go harder and then there are times when things happen issues come up. We have to take our foot off the pedal just ever so slightly, right? And deal with what we what we've got to deal with and then go back to put you know on the on the pedal and so that's The Balancing Act is finding right?

Like what can we get done? What can't we get done? We've got a certain amount of bandwidth that bandwidth has changed now that we are our team structure has changed a little bit. And so what can we get done? What can't we get done?

What adjustments do we need to make but that's a normal regular part of being an entrepreneur stock market man ups and downs Peaks and valleys always Peaks and valleys. And so what you guys are are doing is Welcome to the club. Totally. Yeah, I just heard it was listening to a podcast this morning where someone was talking about being a short-term pessimistic long-term optimistic about the future and that's kind of like I don't feel short-term pessimistic but I feel short-term like slog but long term optimistic. Yeah, and that's you you guys will be fine.

You're gonna make right you're gonna there's you're gonna pivot there's some adjustments that you're gonna make but that's the nature of right. It's the nature of the of the Beast and so that's okay. The key is just figuring out. What are those adjustments that we can make that will allow you to get done what you want to get done? And we'll have the the smallest impact on the financials the growth the trajectory the vision right?

Like so it's it's a balance and so you're you guys will be fine. Once you get over that emotional like, you know, the the desire to be like this person's dead to me like right that kind of, you know, once you get over that, oh really you're preaching to the choir because I'm very, you know, like yeah it hurts and I I had you know, like a guy who I Apprentice to. Oh my gosh, and you gotta you know, you you gotta recognize that the worst part of it is the emotion the feelings that we're processing and dealing with internally and so I've just grown over the years to realize man like, you know people that they've got different Visions for their life things change. Maybe they want to get married. Maybe they have kids.

Maybe they're maybe they think that they got bit by the entrepreneurial bug there's so many different things and so um people leave people move on people change their the vision for their life. That's okay, right they serve the role while they while they while they serve the role and now it's on to this next phase for us pivot problem solve move on and so you guys will be you guys will be fine. So talk to me about The give me let's let's talk about this in this campaign this next campaign. Give me a your full vision for this. So so there are two pieces that I want to talk about one.

Well three. So one is the offer for the campaign to as the not even necessarily the model so much of some specifics around the campaign strategy and three is some promise related stuff for Well, I guess in a way for this but also for EBA so we'll start with the offer for this campaign because it's it's really important to nail. So I think we killed it last time like it just was phenomenal. I don't really want to change much but they're occurred to us throughout the program and after the program delivery that there might have been some opportunities to make it even stronger, right and so one thing that occurred to us is that it seemed as though some people really benefit from or at the very least really enjoy and want The ability to implement some of the things some of the core parts of the program in a really compressed time frame like as in a day and after noon and so one of the ideas that we came up with was done in a day workshops where basically we take the Three core things that they need to implement over the course of the program. And while we give them everything that they would need to do it, you know at their own pace throughout the course of the program at the right time throughout the program.

We would have a done in a day workshop where over the course of that day. They could go from having nothing done to all of that particular portion done. And so, you know for some people I think there's a really high value perceived value to I'm Gonna Get You Know attention and support and guidance to if I just block one day off to get you know, essentially 80% of this entire thing done. And so And the greatest jump in let me just jump in real quick and say this without without question just based on what it is that you just said the done in the day workshop done in the day boot camp, whatever you whatever it is that you want to call it. Um, yeah it without question.

It's phenomenal because of speed if nothing else, right and so speed the ability to get done in one day what would ordinarily take you a week or two weeks or a month or whatever it may be and so from the sheer nature of speed right? Like you'll wake up in the morning with nothing you go to sleep at night with this done complete ready to roll ready to make money ready to grow your business ready to use for the next the next step that um in and of itself is is a value Builder and so I I you know, I you got me on board with that. I think I would want to understand the vision for how how do you how would you present that when presenting the offer? I would probably present. I would very quickly present the concept and then dive into a little bit more each of the three done in a day workshops to expand on how each one will get these essential components of the process done for them in a day.

So these three done in a day, um experiences are in addition to everything else. Yes. And so what they I forget are we doing those as I'm good. Okay, because there's a couple different ways we could do it. Okay.

Um, so this idea came up originally as a way to bolster the core offer for scalable coach accelerator and it came up before Jason left. And so frankly originally the thought was that Jason was gonna be delivering the bulk of the coaching of this program for this next cohort. So that's out of the picture fine. When we did the launch last time. We had a great we had three sort of offers that were in play over the course of launch one was the core offer which was a scale will Coach accelerator.

It's the eight week program. It was 2000 dollars. Um, we had a one click upsell to that which was upgrading to the VIP experience. And basically that was three private calls with Jason and each of those three private calls was designed to focus on one of the Three core components that I just mentioned, right? Um, and that worked really well.

We completely sold that out. It only added $10,000 to the bottom line, but it was $10,000 it was so we sold it a thousand dollars each. So, um, when thinking about you know You know post post Jason right thinking about how do we do this? You know, we were thinking about VIP. I'm not gonna be doing private calls certain calls and sure as hell not for a thousand dollars anywhere near it.

Um, and so the the challenge is, you know, With the done in a day workshops. I don't know if it would make more sense to make that basically the new VIP offer or or the core of the new VIP offer or to just make it part of the main offer and and hope that you know that that bolsters the main offer, but the thing that it could be the limited time bonus for the main offer too because we did offer the asset we because what one thing just to point out is we offered an asset review. As our limited time bonus for the first day. I think that it was open and we got a decent number of people in on that and that was a fair amount of work to review that was a launch review so they could submit all of their launch assets and whatever and Jason would go through and record a loom for them walking them through his recommendations and to do that for 10 or 12 people like poof, you know for Lucas that's gonna you know kill. Yeah, it's an easy that's to come out.

It's an easy decision for me. I wouldn't I would not add it to the main offer. Um, because I think that it makes the main offer more complex it it adds in this almost this choice of like I could go through the full program, you know, or just show up to show up to the done done in a day thing to me. I just don't it's it very very much immediately. feels like A separate option, um or should be a separate option.

And so I was yeah, I would make it the that's a perfect VIP option is like look if you're the kind that you know, if you want the hand holding if you want the the speed right like this is you want the VIP the VIP is you know, it's it's three days three days and it's done. It's three right in here's how it works. Boom three Workshop three done for you or done in a day, you know boot camps or um, you know experiences or sessions something like something like that, right? And and so to me, that's a no-brainer. I would not add it into the main offer.

Okay, cool, so, um with that being said Great, so VIPs handled and you know, I'm sorry real quick. I would consider. Um, I would I would consider and I'm not gonna push you on this but I would consider raise the price a little bit on the right. Yeah, okay because especially even on the VIP because now you not only have the hand holding but you have the speed component, right? So there's right.

So like yeah, I would you know, I would consider significantly raising the price. So so this is a document that lyanna was preparing shortly before her departure just sort of with the updated versions of the offers. Um, and so I want to get into some specifics and just a moment some other things I want to cover. But essentially we have planned to we had planned to raise the price to $24.97 for the core offer from 1997. It was what we last talked about with you instead of going straight to 3000 which was sort of the other thing you were considering.

Um, and initially we had thought to move the IP to 3997. Essentially from 3,000 but I'm also open to doing more frankly. I'd considered you know with this new VIP option doing something like 4997. It's yeah, it's 1,500 more for a VIP. Versus 999 which is what it was before.

I think that this is a good first step. Like I think I'm fine with go. You know, I I don't think look the 2497 going from 1997 to 2497. I don't you guys aren't gonna skip a beat right? Like that's an insignificant and insignificant difference.

I like I think the um, I think the 3997 for VIP. I think it's good price point to start with right. Let's see. Let's see what the numbers are and then we can at some point raise it in the future. I think that those are two great exciting price points for you guys.

Okay, and so then oh go ahead just while we're on the pricing and the numbers peanut plan wise. We're thinking repayments of 949 or three payments of Or let me just say something. Make sure that's right. Yeah. Yeah, it's 14 44 97 or yeah, that's okay.

That's fine. And so then So Jim, sorry you had something you wanted to I was trying to ask if you think we should offer what last time what we did was we sold the core offer and then on the next page we offered VIP as an upsell. Do you think we should put them side by side and include everything in the same vsl and like you were saying like and if you really want blah this is what you want the IP or you think we should do it this two steps as we did before I would do it the two steps because yeah, I would do it the two steps and so I would not try to cover both in the same DSL. Well, so to be abundantly clear my thought on the two options was either. We do.

you know one click upsell path essentially for VIP or they're presented side-by-side on the sales page, but VIP is not discussed in the vsl. And so how would they learn about it? So in other words Lucas you're talking just in the CTA section, you're gonna have an option. Correct. The reason that I say that is because I mean granted, you know people did it for a thousand dollars with no payment plan.

So maybe they'll do it for 1500. It's probably not that big a deal I guess but my thought was you know, it's we got we got some concern from some folks the first time around that a thousand dollar upsell was you know, like oh, wow, you know, that's another big decision for me to make in a very limited compressed. Experience. We also did operate again, um closer to you know, like after the fact like hey, you didn't get this we have some spots left and we know we're not gonna do that again. So, you know the, you know, there's less time but we could do it as a card abandoned.

We're like an immediate up so File sequence rather than a delayed like we did last time. potentially, yeah But the the other thought was you know, if we present them side by side does it all so potentially position the core offer is a better deal. For those that are not absolutely seeking that VIP experience. Yeah, let me just think for one second, so You know, there are some positives and negatives. There's some there's some pros and there's some cons.

Let me just think for one second. Here is how I I would I would do it and I want to be so. Here's how I would here's how I would do it. Okay, but I would have for lack of a better phrase. I would have a another version ready or handy that I could use to replace the the sales page.

I'm about to explain if we find that there's an issue. What I would do Lucas is I would not cover both in the in the vsl. I would cover I would cover one like you said the core offer I would have in the CTA section an option for um, both options. Uh, but what I would do is I would For the people that take the core offer, I would present them with an upsell to get VIP. hmm So they just they just buy the core on the necklace rescue.

What we did you correctly I would have a v I would have right so ultimately right the way we would we would probably for what it's worth it from a tech perspective and this is really a question for Teddy. We would we would probably we would MacGyver it meaning what we would do is we would have actually two order forms one. So one sales page vsl at the bot, you know CTA core plus the plus VIP two different, you know, add to cart buttons If you will each of those add to cart buttons would go to their own order form so that if somebody goes if somebody takes the core offer goes to the order form submits it I would then bring them to an upsell that pitches. Um, the IP that's why we considered. Yeah.

Yeah, and the reason why I would do it that way is because right so on the main sales page, We're gonna have call it, you know, the the $39.97 price point right there, right? And so what somebody is immediately thinking to themselves is 3,997 almost $4,000 that becomes the decision in their mind, but when we presented right when we present it post sale as an upsell if you will we the decision is no longer $39.97. The decision at that point is now 1500. Right because it's it's a it's right we can add this to your right for 1500. You can get right Don fraction of the time hand-holding right blah blah.

So that's why even though we're putting it on this page, right? I would give myself a second chance to get those people that take the core offer into VIP by having it as a as an upsell. That's the way that I would do it. That was definitely the option that we considered and I basically what had come to mind was either we do it strictly as an upsell or we do what you just described and cool. Okay, so Yeah, I like that.

That's that's you know, that's interesting. I think that what when we did the thing that I I would really just want to see and make sure that we we keep it tight and and whatnot is the copy in the CTA section for VIP. Right? So like you know, like I you know, like just make sure that it's clear that you know, like what people like people know what they're getting. They know the benefit.

They know why like that they know the value. Um, I would just want to kind of take a look at that like make sure on the page see it feel it all that stuff. Yeah, so the the sales page I wish I had it handy damn it. Let me see if I can quickly grab it. I don't think that will load.

I think it redirects right now. That should pick up your from the deadline funnel, but it's not gonna load the And deadline funnel won't direct you, but it will. sooner I can what? Now just like how you're like, so you're you know, like going into the code like look at you like, you know exposing stuff that hidden in there. Okay?

Um, there we go. Jesus did it. Oh, come on here by nine. Where we going? Why is it not showing?

There's one in there. There's nothing in the list that shows Liana made a page that shows it without the delay. It's not in the document. I guess I'll just need to open the editor. I just I It would help to have some clarity on something real quick.

So, um No, she made a page that has it displayed just for us without the timer. It's not in the document. That's an old document. I'll send you guys I gotta dig this out figure out how to get this to you guys. And I don't even remember where I got this but I have like a plug-in like a Chrome extension.

I think it is that allows you when you're on a click funnels page if there's stuff that's hidden. You can click a button in the browser and it will unhide everything on the page. Well, that's how much smarter than me editing the code on the fly. Yeah. Yeah.

It's like anybody's page. So like you go to a click funnels page and you can immediately see put the push this button you could see if stuff is Hayden if delayed yeah, I gotta oh dig it out. So my thought was essentially basically retain the same exact page design with a few tweaks, so Pretty much exactly like this, you know headline video. You know, when when the CTA Pops in the video drop this down below and so this is the main offer and then I was thinking of basically just having a really simple sort of headline transition. And and if you're somebody who really likes extra support and to get stuff done really fast, we have another option for you and then basically do the do the done in the day, you know, sort of offer stack just like this like you saying you'll get everything in scalable coach so it or plus you'll also get it up and then put them side by side.

With 39.97 2497 and let them do that that way yeah, so, okay. So when you've got that copy for you get this done in a day you get this that's what I want to say. Okay, so I just what I want to see that that that copy and I'd like to see it. I don't like I'd like to see it on the page because we just want to like we want to make sure that they that that we're we're not confusing anybody like I want to make sure that we're not suppressing. Conversion by having these two options there.

And so what we say and how we present it on the page. I just want to make sure feels good to all of us. And so when you have that copy pop it on the page like even just do a very basic and send it to me and then let me see it. Yeah, um Okay, cool. All right.

Now the other thing about VIP is and we were able to do this a little bit a little bit more easily with it as an upsell is that we did not offer a refund on the IP. Given that it was a separate purchase last time it was a little bit easier to do. If we present this way. It's sort of hard to talk about and the main vsl and on the page, you're gonna get this amazing guarantee and then say somewhere relate next to the the VIP but not for you. And so no, you're right, right.

Um, you get everything listed above except the guarantee. Um, so tell me help me to understand. So why why no guarantee are you are you why no guarantee. Um, really? I did.

Say that again only originally was because it was limited. We only had 10 slots. And so we didn't want to cap it not sell it to more people that wanted it and then get refunds on it because it was like, well there goes that you know, so whereas uncapped different Yeah, we acquisition that it pretty clearly so damn it. Did you get any? Well, it's I know that it's different.

Are you concerned about refunds? We don't get from we got we got one request on the VIP which we declined because he made it very clear and they accepted it. So so basically we said right here two different things and he didn't read this and he missed it that I was no we've for it. Yeah, but I I think look for what it's worth right? We're we're you know look and and we can certainly talk about this right but we're Partners my money reputation livelihood is on the line.

You you we want the biggest boldest guarantee that we possibly can from a pure marketing perspective. Like one of the things that we've got to do is you got it. We've got to keep our Refund fears our financial fears in check. This is where right like, you know Lucas where you like Jim I get Jim's you know, like Jim's coming at it from finally. I got to protect the finances.

I don't want to have to give money back and I get that but from a pure marketing and conversion perspective. You want to make it brain dead simple for people to say. Yes, you want to give them extreme confidence that like, there's no doubt. This is gonna produce for you. And that's why we're willing to to give a guarantee that makes this and no brainer.

We're gonna put our money where our mouth is, right like um, and so you can certainly like what I would probably do is and I just got to think this through for just a second because I don't want to add complexity to this. Potentially, let me I'm gonna say this and I know this problem doesn't help all that much, but I would certainly I would be considering adding a secondary guarantee to VIP that is conditional that is big like, you know, that is we'll give you your money back plus a thousand bucks but is conditional and is based on them doing the work implementing and something like, you know, launching their first campaign and getting metrics within the first 30 days something that like or whatever right something that you would expect them to do any ordinary person to do but now you've got right the likelihood of you getting any getting a refund request or getting a substantial number of them is Slim the nun you're always going to get refund requests like and the reality really is. I know that you've heard it said before it's almost cliche. I I agree with it and live by If you're not getting any refund requests, you're not marketing and selling hard enough and so like refunds are are part of the our part of the visit. You got one and granted.

I know you didn't sell a whole bunch, but you got one that's that's nothing. That's absolutely nothing. Right 10% is like is nothing and so I'm not saying it's great. Like let's have 30% I'm not saying that at all, but I'm saying that look and you know, you you just think about it from a marketing and convert you want it you want to try to find the biggest boldest guarantee that you possibly can remember something. I want you guys to think about this right the the, you know, like look the better the offer is the easier the rest of our job becomes when the offer is ordinary because like they got the risk reversal really isn't there the guarantee isn't you know that bold it doesn't convey that much confidence.

We've got to do so much heavy lifting. Are in our in our copy in our argument and all that and so you the beautiful thing is like start with I would I would say what can what's the biggest boldest guarantee that we can add as conditional if you're not willing to go big bold crazy with VIP. I would really push you guys to at least include the existing guarantee in there right those it's for those reasons that I'm changing my mind. Okay. I don't want to present it side by side.

Okay, I would rather present it as an upsell and have it have its own guarantee. Okay, I would rather do it. So I've seen a lot of really high ticket events sold with a, you know, come to the first day and if at the end of the first day you haven't been completely transformed and in love with your experience bubble blah, um, you know, you can submit a refund request and you know handing and materials and that'll be at all. Yeah we used to do that. We did that for a number of years with our MFA live.

And so I I think that that's it. I I'm cool with that as well man. Sorry, I would do the same thing here Todd. One of the things that we're trying to balance is. Legitimately, we actually do want to limit enrollment for both of these things because we want to manage the experience and create a good experience for people and so, you know, we had a cap of 60 last time.

We sold 62 we ended up with I think it was 52 or 50 and you know, even with 50 because we managed and created and developed a really strong level of Engagement in the program. It was you know, it was a fair amount of work. Yeah. And so, you know, I think we could I think we could potentially manage 60 but I don't want to go any higher than that and when it comes to VIP, we had sold 10 before in part because that was basically 30 private calls that we were on the hook for and selling 10. In this case.

I'm okay selling a few more than 10, but I also don't want to go too crazy. So I would say I wouldn't I'm not I wouldn't change whatever it is that you you think is the cap is the number that will allow you to to provide the best care and and service without you know, killing your cells. Whatever that number is that that number is that to me is part of the appeal of the value of the reason to respond. Now, I don't think that that to me in my mind doesn't impact what we do or don't do with the guarantee to me. If anything it just impacts the the value if you told me that we can only accommodate 15 people and I would say let's raise the price that much more, you know what I mean like and so I I love that whatever that number is that that needs to be capped at cap it.

So Lucas are you that they would have a guarantee that they could so for for the regular one, we offer them to attend the first two coaching calls and then up after that is the deadline like the day after that second coaching call is the deadline to get their money back for the regular. Are you saying that they get to come to one for VIP? They can come to one of the experiences and then by the end of that they can ask for their money back is that we were having so exactly the core offer we have in unconditional and a conditional guarantee. The unconditional guarantee is the essentially the first 14 days for any reason or no reason at all. They can get a refund.

And yes that the way we position it is you can come in the first two calls. You can experience the content you can interact in the community well on if you don't feel completely Transformer or all that, um, the conditional guarantee on the core offer is go through every single training Implement every single thing do all the worksheets all the work show up for all the calls. If you don't at least get one client and Roi your investment, then we will you know, you can submit a form and we will refund everything plus 250 dollars. So I think about Teen quite those but nobody qualified. Nobody attended all the calls.

Nobody. Nobody had done all the work. Nobody had some people hadn't even launched and they were looking for refunds. So yeah, but that's that's the beauty of the right like that's the beauty of the conditional guarantee that you're you're using it. First of all as a way to motivate people to like look you we're not at you're not asking them to do anything crazy.

You're just asking them to do what they're paying for. And so, um, Yeah, I I think that that's fine. I would just a little just a little thing Lucas real quick. I would tweak the language. I wouldn't say if you don't get at least one I wouldn't say if you don't get at least one I would say right like, you know, like you get a minimum like you walk away with a minimum right of you know, like minimum minimum of one right you get a minimum of one you'll have a minimum of one or and so but I think that that's fine.

And what would you do for VIP? so what I described a moment ago, and just to be clear, I think think the Guarantee language already says something to what you said. No, it says if you have an enrolled even a single new client we did do it. It's funny because we changed it for simple and scale, but we changed it for other guarantee that you're either completely blah or you Yeah, we forgot to change it here. Oops.

All right, you either enroll at least one new client or yeah, you walk away with at least one new client minimum Bare Bones, right like so that you know what? I mean like, yeah. Right. Okay. So the basically the the VIP I would say, you know.

Join us for the full first day and yada yada get XYZ result enjoyable blah. And if at the end of the day you feel like you know, it it didn't whatever for you. Let us know and we'll refund you. So basically they've got a show up for the first day, but if they do and they don't feel like they want to continue then they come back out, but after that It's done and they all the other stuff too or no. This is still unconditional.

Your time unconditional it's it's conditional on the national and that they need to show up for the first day. But aside from that there are no other conditions and this would only apply specifically to the VIP experience. I get it. I I dig it. I like it.

I think like look for what it's worth right? I would certainly be I would certainly um I would certainly look at that first first of the three done in a day workshops. Slightly differently than the other two meaning you better believe I'm gonna be seeding people with what we're gonna be covering in Workshop too and workshop three, right? You better believe I'm gonna at some point be future pacing like right in teasing what's coming in Workshop too and three with you know, an awareness that there are people on here that are using this experience to make a decision of whether they want to stay so but I think that that's great man. Let him get a taste of what it is that you guys do get them excited about what's coming in right like just little little seeds.

I think that that's great. I'm a little bit nervous about putting together the structure for doing those days just because of bandwidth reasons not necessarily because I'm concerned about actually doing it, but it would certainly be a lot easier than doing a bunch of private calls. Yeah, and I think is you know, I think it's a nice thing to offer at fifteen hundred dollars if we sell out, you know, that's almost 23,000. So it's not I think that's great for what for the future man. I'll tell you and you know, I'm so not the person to to Really share much more now on this but I certainly would be chatting with um, Teddy or Damian about Ai and we're yeah, like where does AI play a role or what role does AI play in these these done in a day workshops?

Because there's no doubt that I yeah, we have we have an answer to that. I love it. I love it Kudos. I love it. So we've developed our I platform that would allow our clients to essentially submit a simple form and get an output of the name of their unique approach the steps of their unique approach the offer stack the yada yada.

We're working with a developer to get that ready for this specifically or we will be working with developer shortly. But essentially so essentially there are two signs. We're actually gonna build this into its own thing. It's called thought flow. There are two sides to it one is the assistant side, which is what I just described where basically you want to create something you want an AI assistant it helps you create it by filling out a form.

So it's not a chat experience like chat GPT, which we think frankly is confusing for the majority people to use right? You know, I don't know what to put in. I don't know. What's the right thing. I don't know how so our job is to take away all that complexity and make it as simple as okay.

My my ideal client are you know women Or 50 years old or whatever, you know a robot. I you know the benefits of my work are this. Etc and so Um fill out a simple form with a few fields and it outputs the name. It's already functional in that sense. It's already working.

And so so is that going to be part of the core offer? That's the intention. Yes. And so the then the second side is an AI advisor. And so the AI advisor essentially and this is also already working.

Basically. You can type a question into a chat on anything that we do in in the scope of the program and it will basically answer it exactly as we would on a call. Um, it's freaking incredible. And so I wonder if the way that I would be thinking about this right and I this just again food just think about it. It's not a make or break but just Ponder this for you know for for a bit later.

What I would be thinking is I would almost take what did you say that what you just described was what the advisor is that what you said? Yeah. Yeah one word answer questions about the program. Yeah, I would what what I would be thinking about is I would almost take the advisor and make the advisor part of the core offer and I would think about saving the the first one that you describe potentially you're a piece of that potentially for VIP so that we can bolster VIP even more right? So because I love to you as part of the pitch for VIP to be able to say and you get early access to technology.

That we're using to write that we're going to use with you and show you how to use and you'll continue to get access to it Beyond like move now. You've got like you've got like speed you've got hand holding and you've got access to your technology that nobody else has gotten access to yet. Like oh now you really have something that's like wow. Okay, there's also there's also with the technology, you know. There's also and again, I don't this is where it's engineering the offer to be that much more compelling if you're able to say now, right like it's one thing to just say you're gonna get hand-holding and you're gonna get this stuff done.

You could get hand-holding and and stuff done in a short period of time. Any time but there's a limited window for you to get access to technology ahead of everybody else that nobody else outside. The company has gotten right now now is the time right? So there's this perception of first mover Advantage. So now you've got speed hand holding first mover Advantage technology the ability like it just changes the dynamic and feel of the offer.

I'm honestly feeling like we should increase the price of VIP. I'm just I mean like just 15 hours. It just it doesn't feel like enough of a needle mover for me because I do want to cap it but at the same time I want people to freaking want it and to invest in it, you know, yeah. Yeah. I Mean, look I feel like I I think that again when you start to look at the offer and you start to talk about potentially technology and the hand holding and the speed.

Yeah 1500 does seem cheap. Not such a bad thing, right? I was about to say that's not necessarily a bad thing that it seems not cheap right? Not such a bad thing. You know what I mean?

Um, I just don't want what I what I wouldn't want is for us to or you guys to sell it out and then be like it's not that much money like and that's honestly like it was really cool to sell it out at $1,000 the way that we did before like it was it was cool to feel like oh damn, we sold out of both things like that's nice. Um, and It also left us feeling like well. We had done more. Definitely money and did we leave stuff on the table? You know and maybe you did but you'll always like listen.

Yeah, you'll always feel that way and you'll always wonder that always right? And so I mean look I I think if you know 1500 1900 2000, I I don't I mean for me if I mean look would you be excited if you sold out a 1500 instead of a thousand this time? If we send out 15 spots at 1500 who would have more than doubled the amount that we made the VIP. Yeah. Yeah.

I I think it's okay. I think it's okay. I think the fact that it feels cheap. I think that's a good thing. It's okay.

All right. Yeah, like that's what we want. Right? Ultimately. We want people to be like that.

This is crazy. It's a no-brainer. Like I'm like this sounds amazing 1500 like that's crazy. I'm in that's what we want. And so I think it's okay.

Would you so? I honestly I don't think we should but for a couple reasons, but would you offer an installment plan on VIP at all, or would you make it pay in full only? on the upgrade version Well, that's the only version it's it's only great. Um, right. It's Tricky I mean honestly, like if you're a VIP buyer like f*** it man, like if you can't front 1500 dollars like I don't know that VIPs the right option for you anyway.

Yeah, I I would tend to agree with that Lucas. You know, it's it's I would tend to I would tend to agree with that. Okay, so Yeah, because I mean yeah, we didn't offer a payment plan on the thousand before and frankly. I think almost all of the VIP buyers that bought bought painful with the core offer as well. So yeah, it wasn't.

Yeah. I think that it's fine and 1500 a thousand like the type of buyer that you're talking about. That's not It doesn't change anything 15000 is. yeah, so, um, so with this next With the the way that we handle this next time I would rather have the urgency of a deadline and the scarcity of a cap on enrollment for VIP than have. These the urgency specifically of enroll before this you close out of this page kind of thing.

So we'll offer it as a one-click up sell, but I think we should also offer it as a second chance up to the start of the program and to you for the first VIP call if we have spots Maybe Potentially. Yeah without question Lucas like I would the you know, like don't yeah with without question. What you said is exactly how I would is exactly how I would do it and I would do it stupid simple, like maybe three total emails about, you know upgrading to VIP if they didn't on the first go. Yeah, and it would be a soft push kind of thing straight to an order form. Nothing fancy.

Yeah. I think that's awesome man. I think that that spot on that's exactly how I would do it. Okay. All right, so Are sorry.

I know we're overtime are do you have no I'm good. I'm good. I could go for another 12 minute. I can go to 220. I got to jump at 220.

But so we got another 12 minutes. All right, so So another thought that we had is to how we might be able to frankly make more money from this promotion is to introduce yet another option. And the idea that we had is that you know, there are some people who are going to miss out on accelerator who will Who will probably see the self-study option and think to themselves? Gosh, I just wasn't quite ready. Or or willing to to go at the accelerator investment level and I really love the idea of this but I just wish I could get more than only the self-study.

and so what occurred to us is we were planning to and still are planning to have the self-study be 997 this time instead of 497 like it was last time and what occurred to us is that we could have a so it's a skillful Coach master class, but we could have a skillful Coach master class plus option and the plus option as we were thinking of it would be access to the community. From the accelerator and the recordings of the coaching calls so that they could access and hear those questions as things are going but they wouldn't get access to the live calls. And so we were thinking so do you see that Lucas do you so when you say the the master class plus so are you thinking we would have a master class option and a master class plus option that they can take You mean side by side or as an upsell either? Yes. and so is there a reason why your is there a reason why you wouldn't just use the community and I'm not leading you I'm asking you so is there a reason why you wouldn't just use the community and the recordings of the coaching calls as a special one time launch bonus that you get right now like and and sell it that way rather than create another option.

Like why? Why not? Why wouldn't you or what do you see as the downside to just like? All right, let's take the master class and let's make the offer that much better in in terms of the value add in the community add in the recordings of the coaching calls. You're already increasing the price which I think is a smart move.

And so you're already increasing the price and so you increase the price increase you could increase the price even a little bit more if you wanted to and then you could offer A little bit of a different payment plan, but so that you have one option rather than two. I hadn't considered that I had felt that. having an an option that was higher price that would allow us to potentially. Make more for every sale that we get of that I would do that I would so if I would another words whatever you were thinking. Oh like the master class plus whatever you were thinking of pricing that at I would I'm okay with I'm okay with that's the offer.

That's the offer for the people right for the for everybody that doesn't buy the core offer. We down sell them to this. You know, what you would what you were thinking was Master Class plus but it just becomes master class with these one-time bonuses that you've never offered before you have no idea. If you're ever going to offer them again. This is you know, Priceless stuff you get access to the community right like and but you've got X number of days to respond before the disappears.

That's the way that I would do it. I think you know for this is where Lucas and I don't you know, I I find it, you know simple easy. You've got one offer to focus on rather than two, right? So in in all in everything that you put together like all what the email follow whatever it may be like, you know, the one offer, you know, the benefits of the offer the offer itself, right? You've got one offer to sell and you've made that offer that much more valuable than it was before that's the way that I look at it.

I want Simple Man. My God is telling me I mean that simple was running through my brain a thousand times when thinking about these things, but I was keeping my mind open for the sake of exploring options and and seeing what was going on. But the whole while my gut was saying bring it back to one offer for each but yeah, you know what you could what you could do, like if you really if the main concern was Like well, okay. So we don't want it, you know, there's gonna be a lot of people that want our guidance but they might not be able to afford the full, you know, Master Class Plus pricing. That's where you just come up with a payment plan like so right and I would roll the payment plan out.

Like I wouldn't you know, like I get the whatever the paid in full price like 1297, whatever it was that you originally were thinking for masterclass plus I would make that the new masterclass bonuses now special bonuses never done before never offered this before Community recordings of coaching, um calls and then right and you've got that out there that down sell out there for a day two days three days whatever for the people that don't respond then I'd roll out a payment plan version and that payment plan version is where we give the people that are, you know don't have the money the opportunity to jump in and get started and get help from you. That's how I would do it. Yeah. Um, so the the price point that we consider for masterclass plus was 1497 and I just I feel like it would be frankly leaving money on the table believe it or not to price the down sell offer at 1497. I think 997 is the right break point for the down sell offer from scalable coach accelerator in our audience just it I don't have hard data to say that but I have enough touch points that my gut is telling me that's the right number for this offer.

Okay. So is there a reason so what's wrong with if anything what's wrong with um and you you know your audience right what I trust your gut, um, if what's wrong with 997 for the master class and right now during this special promotion you get these bonuses the community plus the recordings of the coaching calls 997. So no brainer. It's got a value of 4,000 or whatever. Yeah, I mean there's there's nothing wrong with it in my mind other than I just initially thought we would charge more for those things.

And so the making more to your point like by bundling them in selling more of the core. I was just gonna say right so like you know, yeah like so let's sell it. Let's sell it like crazy. Let's make that you know, let's make the make that money maker through through volume if we meet Beyond right like when you actually hear the idea, that's what ran through my mind is that it's a volume play Above anything else and it's sweetening that main offer and to me it's it's another strong reason why to buy now because buying later you don't get access to this. That's right.

If it's if it's just the master class without any of these components. Theoretically I could buy a later and I could still get access to the master class. Maybe it'll be a higher price. Maybe it won't be you know, so and they know right like right they know that unless you You say like we're never gonna sell this again. They know you're gonna sell it again.

But when you introduce like we're gonna do something today that we've never done before and likely won't you know, we have no idea if we're gonna do this again. We've got two incredible bonuses for you. When you enroll or when you grab the master class right now boom boom, right? Like I I love that simple right one offer instead of two. It makes the offer so much more valuable.

It adds in that cool. Like we're doing something now that you have an opportunity to to get access to that. You may never have the opportunity to get access to again and I think that the value play at 997 I think is just great. I think it's off the charts. All right.

Last last thing here is do we think the AI advisor has any place in the master class offer? um, no, so the one thing that so right I am I'm all about, you know simple right simple, but one thing that I I will say that that hold on to because you guys have these You know, you've got for all intensive purposes. We could say that there are there are three levels from the master class up to let's say VIP right now. You really want to hold some stuff to sweeten like so yes, they're not getting access to you know to to live coaching with the master class. But yeah, like like take the save the technology, right?

So like save the technology so that like it makes the it makes the the full the core offer that much more valuable just like we you know, we have something that we save and we add into VIP that makes that that much more value and so yeah. No, the master class is like right is the master classes for the people that aren't quite ready to jump to go full in with you guys. We also want really exciting stuff to be able to go back to those masterclass people and Pitch them on upgrading like and so right so you want to save some stuff and so that that's my recommendation. and then last thing as we close out here on the offers is would we and specifically and only for the master class offer potentially in the last couple days of the downsell promotion last 48 hours probably a six pay instead of a three pay um to further incentivize people, I would absolutely Okay, and so I would absolutely without question the end of like look I hate to say it this way because it sounds really this sounds awful. But get the money give them the opportunity to like get the money right?

It's a digital program that you're ultimately right like it's a digital program get the money. Let's make it easy for them to to say yes, and so like yeah, if and you guys typically don't do that kind of length. You know payment plan ordinarily and in all your offers gives you the ability to say like we're gonna do something special. We want to move you. We want to help you.

You got 48 hours. We're rolling this out for 48 hours, right six pack, right? You can get started for whatever it is, you know 200 bought 225. Whatever. The number is boom.

Yeah. Yeah 199. Yeah get the money man. Like, you know get the money. I'm a big believer man for me.

I'm a big believer in this this is where it goes back to the core offer remains, right? So the core offer the deliverables All That Remains one one thing and then we're gonna roll out a certain price and terms, right? And then for the people that don't take advantage of that we're gonna tweak it slightly roll out something else. So like to me I for what it's worth and I'm not saying to do this now, but just you think about this and you're in your downtime, you know, like it's a digital program. Why wouldn't we give people the opportunity to like look at, you know pay 49 bucks today?

Just for the next four, you know, four days go through it. Right and if at the end of four days you absolutely love it do nothing. And you'll be billed blah blah blah. If you're not Head Over Heels thrilled with it. Let us know and we'll give you your 49 bucks back and you won't be charged anything else.

Why wouldn't we do that? Right, like that's where when we when we don't do stuff like that. That's when it's fears. It's I'm not I don't want to give them access to it before whatever but from a pure Marketing sales monetary perspective. It only makes sense to do that with a pure digital product where there's legitimately no cost of fulfillment to us.

And so that's my mindset on it. Yeah, all of it is to say right. I like the six six pay last 48 hours last 24 hours even I love it. I did. All right.

Well, I've got some more questions for you, but we can address it as a little at a later time and you got to jump and I really appreciate your support. Yeah, I I love the way that you guys are thinking. I like I love you know, I wasn't sure how clear you were gonna be today with everything that you guys have have just have been juggling and have gone through and are going through but um, I love it. Um, you got me motivated and excited. I think that you've already done you've done some great thinking already and and yeah, I'm excited this to watch this come to fruition and to help you and so keep me posted.

I'm I'm here whatever it is that you you need you let me know but great work so far like, I love it. And so Kudos cool. All right, appreciate it time. Thank you. You got it.

All right. Get out of here guys having amazing day and amazing weekend. We'll chat soon, right?
