---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-03 17:02:21"
date: 2025-06-03
duration: 35m
duration_seconds: 2133
vimeo_id: 1090203564
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2025-06-03 17:02:21

**Date:** 2025-06-03 | **Duration:** 35m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

We got 15 minutes. All right. So what we're gonna do today is, um, we're gonna cover eight campaign engineering questions. These were actually questions that, um, from the E five group, the, the Facebook group that people had, um, posted regarding engineering a campaign. So these are kind of all over the place.

Some of these are a little bit more robust answers, um, than others. Some of these are, are, are quick answers, but I think that these are, are interesting because they cover some different areas that I think sometimes people, um, get wrong with the engineering or miss. And so I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna share my screen, and then I'm gonna bring this bad boy up over here. And so, um, let's go through these. Um, and so the first question, um, is an interesting one because it is, how do you define the difference between teaching and educating?

So this is one of the things that we've talked about before that I think that it can, can somewhat become confusing in that, you know, I talk about the type of marketing that we do as marketing. You know, it's, it's education based marketing, right? And so the first thing that I just want to, you know, I wanna highlight for a second is that it's marketing. If you look at education based marketing or EBM content, as we used to refer to it as, right? It's, you know, education based, right?

Describes marketing. So it is marketing at it at its core. And I think a lot of times people will confuse what we mean by education based. Sometimes they think that we're educating people just to, again, display how much we know that we're educating, you know, um, um, folks on, um, you know, to try to build enormous value. Or that they more often than not confuse it with teaching people how to use or how to do, uh, or how to benefit from the unique mechanism.

And so, I really think that it's important that we just start by differentiating between teaching and educating, because I would say that we're not teaching people, we're not teaching people, we're educating them. And while that might seem like nuance or those interchange like interchangeable, um, activities, interchangeable words that describe the same activity, they're really not. So the de the definition for teach is to show or explain to somebody how to do something. And you could make the argument that this is how to get the results, right? Like, how to produce the outcome, how to use a particular tool, or how to use a unique mechanism, right?

It's ultimately you're showing to them how to, how to actually do something, how to accomplish something, how to achieve something. Whereas educate is to provide with information to persuade or condition to feel, believe, or act in a desired way. And ultimately, right? What we've said before, what we've talked about before, right? Um, is right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna educate the prospect about a different and better way to get the result they want, right?

Um, equipping them to know about the thing rather than do the thing. In other words, I'm not right? Um, I'm, I am opening their eyes to the fact that there is a different and superior way to get the outcome, to get the transformation, to get the result they want. I'm not teaching them how to do it. I'm not teaching them how to use it.

I'm not even teaching them, um, necessarily the full picture of how it works or why it works. I'm giving them enough so that they believe that there is a different and better way to get the result that they want. And that is critical. It's critical that like, it, it's critical that we remember the difference between the two because it will impact the type of information that we share in the marketing argument, right? The marketing argument in it, in and of itself, by definition, we're arguing.

We're, we're, we're, we're presenting an argument that shows that we have a different and better way, that there is a different and better way. And we're ultimately trying to prove to the prospect that there is a different and better way for them to get the result so that they want the different and better way. They don't need to understand how it works, the inner, the inner workings, right? Like, they don't need to understand every detail of using it. They don't need to understand it.

They just need to recognize and believe that there is a different and better way to get the result they want. And so, and so, uh, really important. And so, does that make sense? That's the first thing. Hopefully that makes sense.

Next, somebody asked, in, in extracting the, the, um, in extracting the unique mechanism from their client. They're talking to their client right now, and they're trying to get the unique mechanism out of the client. They said that we found it useful to put the client into teaching mode, right? Like they, they get the client teaching, and then what is the best way to get them away from that? Is now the question.

So we put them into teaching mode in order to identify the unique mechanisms, what this person is saying, right? And now they, they wanna know, obviously, all right? How do we get them out of teaching mode so that we can really get useful nuggets from them, uh, about the unique mechanism to use in the marketing argument. So right, we, we, we put them in teaching mode to learn what the unique mechanism is to identify the unique mechanism to name it. But now we need to be able to talk to them, um, and, and, and get information outta them that is not from a teaching perspective.

And so, right? So I, I said, I just put this simply and I just said, number one is ask how does your approach, your system, your framework, whatever they refer to it, produce the end result, right? Like this, you, and you've heard me say this a number of different times, right? I'm, I'm ultimately asking like, how does it, how does it produce the end result? The end result being the transformation?

So, right? And this is where you need to, you need to be sensitive whether you're working, you know, whether you're working internally with an expert, externally with an expert, uh, even, even on your own thing, right? And you're asking yourself these, these kind of questions, you need to make sure that the answer that you get is answering the question, right? And this is always important when you're doing research, when you're in interrogating your methodology, your, your, you know, your method, your system, your framework, that you make sure that the response that you get is truly an answer to the question, right? Because not all responses are an answer to the question.

You can ask a question and somebody might give you a response that is, is not, the answer is not addressing the question at all, right? And so you need to make sure that if they, if you ask this question, how does the, how does the framework, how does the system produce the end result? And they start explaining, you know, the order in which they do things or, you know, or something like that, right? You have to bring them back to, I need you to explain to me how it produces the end result. In this case, the, the primary promise ask, what is it about the way that your product or service works that makes it so effective, that producing the transformation for the client, for the customer, for the the student?

What is it about the way the product works, right? That makes it so effective at producing the transformation, uh, the end result, the change, right? The outcome, the primary promise. Um, and then, you know, potentially you could ask, you could ask all three of these, or you could ask one or one or more of these, but you could ask, why does the product work, meaning in this case work to produce the result? Why does it produce the, the why is it able to, to, uh, produce that result?

Like, why does it work? Right? And ultimately, what you're, what you're getting here is you're, you're ultimately getting that kind of, that, uh, the unique mechanism and the explanation for the unique mechanism. What you'll notice here is, right, we're getting to the end, we're getting to what people care about, we're getting to the really, the foundation of the argument, which is that we've got a different and superior way to produce the end result, right? And so you can see that all of these things are really about the end result, even in this simple, you know, the third simple question is why does your product or service work to produce the end result?

Right? What is it about the way that your product or service works that makes it so effective at producing the end result? How does your product, you know, your, your framework, your system, your methodology produce the end result? So we're going to, right? We're, we're asking questions that focus on the production of the end result.

Make sense? Mm-hmm. Next is reverse engineering what's in the product or in the offer. A good way to start when the client has no unique mechanism, right? So is reverse engineering what's in the product, or offer a good way to start when the client comes to the table, or the marketer or the entrepreneur comes to the table and says, I don't have a, um, I don't have a, uh, a unique mechanism.

Well, this is the way that I would go about kind of starting with that client. Number one, I would ask, what is the problem that they're solving for the, um, for the client, for the customer? We know that, right? Everybody, people invest in products and services, the overwhelming majority of products and services to solve a problem. That problem could be a pain point, or that problem could be an an unfulfilled desire.

I wanna understand what is the problem that they're solving for their, their, their clients or their customers? Next is, what is the result that they're producing for their clients or customers, right? So the problem that they might be solving is, you know, is back pain or, or, or, you know, or stiffness, right? Like, um, in the low back or, um, you know, let's say that the problem that they're identifying, that they're solving for their clients is, you know, um, is a lack of website traffic. And then what is the result that they're producing is not just they're getting website traffic, but we know is going to be some version of the primary promise.

Something that is concrete, something that is measurable, something that is specific, something that is tangible. It might be a minimum of 5,000 unique visitors, you know, a week from Facebook or something like, or something like that. Next is have them explain what they teach or do with clients. This ultimately for us is the mechanism. So, right, this might be right.

What do they teach? If they have a consulting, coaching, education based business, what are they teaching to their clients? What is the methodology? What is the framework? What is the, what is the system?

And we might start high level, like, well, I teach them how to have an online, uh, an online business, you know, uh, that, you know, coaching business. Okay? So that's all right. And so, well, what are you, what are you teaching like them about having a coaching business? What, like, and this is where we're getting really, uh, into the, the, the weeds a bit.

So have them explain what they do or what they teach with their clients. If they're running an agency, it is like, what are, what are you doing? You're setting people up with Facebook ads, okay? Like, how are you setting them up with Facebook ads? Like, what, what, what is the steps that you're following?

What's the system? What's the methodology, right? And then we go on to, well, asking them, well, what's different about their approach, their system, framework from the other common methods, right? So, what is different? Maybe it's right, like I focus on these five steps, they focus on six steps, or I focus on these five, they focus only on four, or they don't do this first.

They tend to do this last, you know, it was interesting because, right, like, um, the other day might have been last week's call, as a matter of fact, uh, I explained the order in which I typically go. I typically, when cre when creating a campaign, the things that I work on, what I work on, first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, 10th, um, and so on. And I laid out all the steps. And today, the very last step in that process, the very last step was the headline and the deck copy. That's the very last thing that I typically work on today.

When, whereas when I was first taught copy, and I was first learning copy, that was one of the very first things, if not the first thing that you, um, you were taught to do, right? And so, just that alone, what is a change in the way, right? Because I could explain why I do what I do first and why I do what, why I do the, the, the headline and the deck copy last. Even just changing the order can in and of itself create a unique system and process, because right, everybody else is doing it first, and they're doing it for first for a reason. And we're doing it last, and we're doing it last for a reason, which means, therefore, what we're doing first is different from what they're doing first.

And what we're doing last is different from what they're doing last. And so we've got something, um, something different. So even if it's just that, uh, but I'm gonna unpack and I'm gonna identify what else. If they say, well, what's different is I do the headline last. Okay, well, what else?

Right? Like, what else? What do you do first? Why do you do that first? Is that the same as everybody else, right?

Like, what do you do second? Is that the right, is that the same as what everybody else does? Why do you do that? Second, I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep pushing, right? How and why does their approach, their system, their framework, produce the end result, solve the problem?

This is the next question that I'm asking them, right? So when we're starting with a client that thinks they don't have a unique mechanism, right? Before we just accept that they don't have a unique mechanism, I'm gonna confirm it and or try to identify it by going through this line of questioning. And so, right? Uh, next is what do they feel makes their approach system superior to the common methods, right?

Like, why is your system better? And in what, in what way? In what area? In what category would you say yours is better, right? Is it better in that it's easier?

Is it better in that it's faster? Is it better in that it's consistent? Is it better in that it's, you know, it's more reliable? Is it better that it's, it's safer? Like, what is it?

So in what way do you think that your solution is superior? They might say, I don't know, right? Well, then I would ask, well, um, well, why didn't you just use one of the other systems? What did you feel was missing or wrong with the other systems that already existed for, you know, to solve the same problem that you're, you're solving? Like, why didn't you just go with one of the systems that already existed out there?

Well, because it was missing X or something like that, it was missing y. Well, what's the problem if you're missing X or missing Y? Well, it, it doesn't address this, right? And what would happen? What happens if you don't address this?

Well, it leads to poor performance. So it sounds like by you addressing that and making sure that you've got that step in your process, that you, you, you are getting better performance. So is it fair to say that yours is better, you know, is more, more effective than the others? Okay? So that's what makes it superior, and that's the category of superiority.

You see how we're just going through this line of questioning to identify what it is that we need ultimately for the marketing argument, right? Like ult, if you really look at this, not only is this identifying the unique mechanism, but these are the things that we need for the, um, for the marketing argument, for the marketing campaign. We need to have, right? We need to have answers to this because, right? The reality is, is that most of this what's different, uh, explain what they do, right?

Some of that, some of that we might use. What's different about their approach, we're absolutely gonna use as part of the marketing argument, right? How and why does their approach produce the end result? We're certainly gonna use that in the marketing argument. What makes their thing superior?

We're certainly gonna use that in the, um, in the marketing argument. And so these are all things that we're gonna ultimately use as part of the marketing if we can identify a unique mechanism. Next is, um, is this the correct structure for EBM content? And this is how the person put it. They said the, um, steps, the unique mechanism steps with benefits, right?

Um, contributing factor. Then they said the marketing argument gap questions, um, objections and CPB. And so the thing that I wanna address here is, is how they're saying that the, um, and the step part one is laying out the unique mechanism steps and the benefits to, um, to those steps. Um, that's totally cool, Teddy. Yeah, you totally drop whenever, man.

Um, so the, the um, step, they, they said they felt like, alright, EBM content is, I'm gonna detail the, the steps to the unique mechanism with the benefits to each of those steps, and then ultimately go into the marketing argument. And the reality is, is that, no, that's not the structure of the EE, the um, EBM because you don't need to lay out the, um, steps and the benefits for it to be education based marketing. Really, all you need to do is present a marketing argument that proves this is not, this unique mechanism is not only different, but it is superior to the other mechanisms, methods, systems, solutions for getting the prospect the end result. Again, I just wanna keep it super simple. I just want you to think about the, the simplicity of what it is that we're doing here.

We're looking at the prospect and we're saying, look, we've got a different way and a far superior way, right? For you to have, uh, uh, experience the result you want, right? For you to primary promise for you to lose weight, for you to get website traffic, for you to increase your conversions, for you to generate more sales, right? For you to make more money with your, your, your to on your trades, for you to have more winners than losers. All we're saying is we have a, we have a different and better way, and then we're laying out an argument, right?

For what not only makes it different, but what makes it better than all of the other solutions out there, right? And we're doing it with both emotional and logical language, with both a, an emotional and logical explanation so that in the end they get it and they feel it. And it's through that marketing argument when we're making these claims of what makes it different and better, right? And all the things that they need that were tying in benefits. And so my point is, you don't need to know, you don't need to list out the, um, steps in order to have a marketing argument or in order to have EBM content.

So if we go to the answer to this, right? I said, remember the objective, the objective of the campaign is to persuade the prospect of the superiority of the unique mechanism in delivering the result that they want, they being the prospect, period. This does not require covering all the steps of the, of the, um, it does not require covering all the steps of the, um, now sometimes we can cover some of the steps within a unique mechanism, right? Like, like when we talk about the E five method, I certainly can talk about, you know, uh, the value of a big idea, the value of even having a unique mechanism as part of your, your campaign. I don't need to get into all the other steps of putting together an E five method.

But the thing to understand is that even when we're unpacking some of the steps for the, um, we're framing it as this works. This being the unique mechanism works because blah, blah, blah. Like this, this step, like step one, the, the, the big idea works to get attention because blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Rather than, I'm not framing it as step one for you is you do this. That's not, in other words, I'm not teaching them.

See, step one for you is this is teaching, right? Um, uh, me sharing one of the steps in the unique mechanism and, and, and framing it as this works because of the way that it taps into both sides of the brain. This works to increase your productivity because of how it stimulates your central nervous system or your parasympathetic nervous system, and which calms your brain and causes chemicals to be secreted. One is educating them on the value of something, and another one is teaching them how to do it. Step one for you is X is teaching them, right?

The first step in in this process works because it does element OP is educating them on it. And there's a big difference between the, the the two. Remember, it goes back to what this fir first bullet says, our whole job, right? Really, if you really think about right, like is we are ultimately convincing them that we've got a different and better way for them to get the result. They already want the result they already on want the outcome.

They already want the transformation, right? They, they, they're looking for an answer, they're looking for how to get it, and we come along and we've got a, what, what appeals to them both logically and emotionally. We've got a totally different way that they've never tried before, that they've never been offered before. And then we do everything in our power to present to them and prove to them logically as we're appealing to them emotionally, that we've got a different and better way for you to experience that result. And, and that's a beautiful thing when you do it that way.

When you keep it that simple, when you don't try, you're not like, it's not, well we're, we're gonna teach some of this and we're gonna get into the all I'm right. Even when I do unpack a little bit of the, um, if it's more of a complex framework, um, than just an ultra simple, um, um, I'm doing it with the intention and the framing ultimately to just get them to see, wow, I, I get why this is, this is different and I get why this is better, like better, faster or easier, or my more powerful. Like, I get it, it totally makes sense to me. That's all I'm trying to do. Always.

You have to, you can look at any campaign that I create, um, with a, with a unique mechanism. And no matter what I do, I am always just thinking, I just need to get them to see this as different and superior to everything else. And so everything I do is being done to support that belief and to move them closer to, um, to that. So just, you said something that was a nuance, the does that require, you said, you said they already kind of know that they wanna solve this problem. So does, does that require 'em to be problem or solution aware?

No. So that's great. So really what I should say is, so, you know, this, this is really interesting because, so even when, even when, um, we're talking about unaware, right? What we're, what we are ultimately, and I gotta be careful in how I say this. Um, so we're, what we're never gonna, what we should never try to do, Teddy, is we should never try to convince somebody.

We should never try to create the desire, either the desire for a result or the desire for, um, the desire to solve a problem in for the person. Like to create that desire where it's not there. Like when we're selling weight loss, let's just say, um, to somebody like, or to an audience, right? We're not, we, we shouldn't attempt first to convince people that they should, that they should want to lose weight. While yes, there are, there is marketing and some advertising out there that, you know, that attempts to do that indirect response, right?

That's really like a no-no. You, as Jean Schwartz said, you start with the, um, you start with the desire that they have, right? Um, they might not be actively aware, like it's hard to explain it. Like they might, we, we may, it's hard, it's hard to explain. Like, we, we may be able to convince somebody to want to lose weight, even if they don't want to really lose weight.

If they do want to, um, be healthy and live long, and we could leverage that existing desire and show them how part of that, that existing desire that they already have is maintaining a, a, a reasonable weight, a a safe weight, et cetera. But there has to be some existing desire that we latch onto, right? Um, even when we're talking unaware, right? So even with the unaware, let's go to financial for a second, right? Like, like even when they did, you know, like, let's say the end of America, and it was totally like, indirect, you know, you know, a completely unaware segment.

Well, ultimately, even though these people weren't actively looking for a newsletter, they weren't thinking about investments, they weren't looking for, you know, a stock tip. There was, there, there is and was a desire for, uh, uh, financial stability in their life. And what that promo did was make them aware of an event that was about to happen that could take away their financial stability. And so part of maintaining that financial stability is taking action on this. So, right?

But if somebody wasn't interested in investing somebody, you know, like somebody wasn't in, interested in investing, wasn't interested in a newsletter, and has no concern about financial stability because they're broke and they're right, they're like, we're not gonna create that in them. That's, they're not, they're just, they're not gonna buy. And so at some point, there has to be something that we are attaching this to, if that makes, does that make sense? Yeah, no, that's super helpful. Okay.

Um, and so I gotta jump, unfortunately. Yeah, yeah, man. Do your thing, man. Yeah. Awesome dude.

And so I'm gonna keep going here. And so, uh, how much of a role does the big idea play in the differentiation of the unique mechanism? And so, right, this is asking this question of, you know, of, um, the big idea. Oftentimes people, you know, for whatever reason, marketers, uh, when they learn about the E five method and they learn about the big marketing idea, and they learn about the unique mechanism, and they learn about the headline, they sometimes kind of get confused. They end up conflating these, like the big i what's the difference between the big idea, the unique mechanism and the, and the headline, or they kind of one in the same, are they different pieces, blah, blah, blah.

And so number one is, right, the big idea can often allude to, if not implicitly, even explicitly the unique mechanism, but the unique mechanism is not the same as the big idea. Oftentimes, the unique mechanism is a part of the big marketing idea. And the difference between the headline and the big marketing idea is the headline, uh, is the words that we use to communicate the big marketing idea, which is why it's so important that when you develop a big marketing idea that you don't strive you, you don't write copy first, right? You develop the big marketing idea oftentimes by developing the ordinary idea first and then turning it into a big marketing idea, being able to, um, explain it, right? Articulate it, and then once you can explain it, articulate it, and you've got clarity on the big marketing idea, then you can attempt to write a headline.

You can't write a headline for a big marketing idea that hasn't been fully fleshed out yet, or that you don't have clarity on since the headline are the words. That is the words that you're using to express the big idea. In order to express the big idea, you need to have clarity on it. And so now the, this question of how much of a role does the big idea play in differentiating the unique mechanism? And the answer is the big marketing idea does not play any role in differentiating the, um, the unique mechanism, right?

The, the we, the, the, uh, none at all. The, the purpose of the big marketing idea is to really get attention and create engagement by bringing something that's an idea that is new, unique, fresh, timely, maybe contrarian, maybe controversial to the marketplace, right? To give them something to, uh, that they feel like they've, they haven't heard before. A different narrative, a different story. Uh, and so they engage with it.

That's the purpose, really objective of the, the, the big marketing idea. Whereas the differentiating of the unique mechanism often is communicated in the marketing argument portion, uh, and really is a byproduct of our interrogation of the mechanism, meaning all the, the questions that we ask to uncover what makes this unique mechanism different? Why do we do it this way? Why do we do it in this order? Why do we do it like this?

What would happen if we switched it around? What's the benefit of doing it this way? All those kind of questions and those answers ultimately make their way into the marketing argument, which is where we ultimately differentiate, uh, or do the bulk of the work of differentiating the unique mechanism. Um, and so next is how deep do we go with steps in the unique mechanism? Seems like more steps leads to more differentiation, but that also becomes, um, teaching.

And so this question is how deep do we go? Like how, how do we, you know, if there are five steps, how deep do we go in explaining those five steps? We're back at that question again of like, right, of how much of the steps of behind the unique mechanism should we be sharing, communicating, educating, you know, teaching on? And the reality is, number one, we shouldn't be teaching any of it, right? Everything that we're doing is educating, educating them with the sole purpose of educating them so that they believe, so that they see and believe that we've got something different and superior to everything else.

And so, to answer this question, how deep do we go? We go, do we go just deep enough until we feel confident that we've demonstrated differentiation and superiority? No more, no less, right? Like if I, if I can demonstrate differentiation, if I could show that this is different and that it's superior without sharing any of the steps, then I'm gonna do that and, right, because the, the whole aim is to establish this is different and superior. That's it.

That's the mission, that's the job that this is different and superior. And so if I could do that without sharing any of the steps, then great. If I have to share one of the five steps or six steps or whatever it is, or three steps, cool. If I have to share two of the, the five or four or three, whatever it is, that, that's cool. My aim, right, is just to establish that this is different and superior.

That's it. No more, no less. Does every step have to be different? Meaning, uh, meaning if you've got a four step mechanism, is it okay if two of the two of the four steps are common? Like meaning, right?

Like, or three of the four steps are common and there's only one that is, um, is unique, right? Like, can the combination of ordinary steps be enough to make something a unique mechanism? The short answer is yes, right? You can, the combination of ordinary steps can be enough to make something a unique mechanism. If nobody else is teaching or offering that combination, the combination that you've put together, then that can become a unique mechanism.

Similar to, you know, look, sometimes you might have a supplement that is a combination of eight different nutrients in there. And the only thing that makes it unique is that there's no other supplement that has, that offers that combination of eight nutrients, or maybe it's those eight nutrients at those dosages, or maybe it's those eight nutrients in, at those dosages with those types, the form of each of those nutrients. Or maybe it's those eight nutrients at, at the dosages, and maybe it's the form of only two of them that, right? What's the real secret sauce is that the vitamin D is a certain type of vitamin D, the, the, you know, ashwagandha is a certain type of ashwagandha and so on. And so the answer to that second question is, can the combination of ordinary steps be enough?

The answer is yes. The answer to the first question, does every step have to be different? Is then obviously no, every step does not have to be different. A unique combination of common steps can be good enough if you can explain why the unique combination is the difference maker in producing the results. In other words, the key here, again, remember that, what are we saying?

We're trying to prove that we've, what we've got is different and better. And so if the combination, whether nutrients steps, you know, uh, uh, whatever, um, if you can explain and give an argument for, right? The easy part is if it's unique, if it's uniquely combined, right? If the way that it's combined nobody else is doing, um, or in the that order or at those amounts or those types, whatever it may be, then yes, that that is enough. As long as you can give an argument for why that unique combination is the difference maker is the reason why this produces superior results in some area.

And that's the key, right? So the key is that you've gotta be able to present an argument, right? For why that unique combination of common things is the difference maker, right? And there could be a story behind that of like a true story behind that of, you know, like, we saw this research study, we saw this research study, we saw this research study, we, right? And then we combined them thinking, blah, blah, blah.

We run it up, we ran a study, we realized we needed one more nutrient, we added in, we ran another study, and the results were incredible. Boom. And like, you have to be able to give an argument, um, for that. And then finally, um, what do we do in cases where the UN isn't different, but it works, right? And what I mean in, in, in this case, um, is that this question was right, what do we do in cases where there, the u unique mechanism isn't different from other mechanisms, right?

But the marketing is working well, number one, let's just clarify something that it's not a unique mechanism if it isn't different, right? It's just a mechanism. So, right, the, the, this question really should be what do we do in the case where we thought we had a unique mechanism, but we now know it's just a mechanism, but the marketing is still working? That's really the right way to phrase this question, right? Because if you've got a unique mechanism and it isn't different from some other mechanisms out there, then it's not a unique mechanism, it's just a mechanism.

And so, but the answer to the question is very simple. What do we do? In, in, in the case where we thought we had a unique mechanism, we now know we just have a mechanism, um, that's not different from others, but our marketing is working. The answer is simple. Me, I'd leave it alone.

Remember, we're in the game of producing results, not merely in mark, not merely following marketing formulas. Meaning at the end of the day, all these things that we talk about, all these things that I teach you guys, all these methods, all these processes, all these systems, the idea of the unique mechanism, the idea of the big marketing argument, the idea of the lead, the idea of the campaign thesis, all the, the idea of the syn offer, all of these different things that we do are vehicles to get the end result, which is ultimately sales. And the reality is, I would tell you that if you've got a campaign or campaigns that, um, are anomalies in that they're, they don't contain certain things that we would consider to be best practices, um, but they're still working, who cares, right? We're not in the game to do best practices. We're in the game to produce results.

And we're in the what business, not the why business, meaning we're in the business of what works not in the business of why things work. Sometimes I don't know why things work and why things don't work, but at the end of the day, I don't care. What I care about is, is this working? What, what is working? And if it's working absent of a unique mechanism, then who cares?

You, you should only care about what works, right? That's it. You should only care about what works not right? Whether something is meeting the, the proper formula. So we would never take a working campaign that's producing sales, uh, uh, um, and, and change it merely because, um, it's missing one of the marketing elements or assets that, uh, that we believe is a best practice.

And so, but there you go. That is it for, uh, this call. Hope that makes sense. Hope that you got some nuggets, some gems, uh, from today. And, uh, and that's it.

And I will see you guys and gals next week. And so take care, everybody.
