---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-21 19:31:37"
date: 2022-10-21
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3189
vimeo_id: 762784719
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-10-21 19:31:37

**Date:** 2022-10-21 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, buddy, how are you? Good, how are you? Good man. It's really good to see your face. Yeah, you too.

Miss you this time around. Yeah, we'll see you. We'll see you next time for sure. Hopefully I was I was coming through. I just had just got done with funnel hacking live and then was in the process of launching my new course, which is a build-out because I build it live in front of an audience.

So it was like three weeks of showing up every day for three hours doing each module live in front of an audience. I teach them Workshop style for a couple different reasons one as I perform better in front of a live audience just like the artist that I work with and two at least I know they went through the material, you know, it was one of those Things where it was just they get excited they buy and then they're they're coming to you and you're like you could tell they haven't even opened up the stuff or done anything with it. So it killed two birds with one stone, but I didn't realize I was gonna have 265 people I of course at a beta price that didn't have a name wasn't built yet the total trust that came from them and then they were showing up and 100s every day for these trainings and I'm like, there's just no way to put them off for a week and a half to jump back out there again, and then when the weather I didn't know what was gonna happen with the weather you guys got totally yeah, totally cool man. I I love hearing that like like I love hearing you know that you created it live that you did a beta and that you got such a tremendous response like look man, and we'll we'll talk about it. I want to Circle back and start from the beginning with an update.

But you know, there's such a beautiful thing and when you're if you're when when you create products live you You have such an advantage because you know, like there's so much marketing coolness that we can do when you're doing it live letting people know that this is being turned into a product in X number of weeks. It's going to be priced at this amount. You can get it for this. Yeah. It also gives you right the ability like you collect money before you create the product up front.

So when you promote it and look and the reality is is that you get to see what resonates like before you roll it out as a full blown marketing brand pain. So you saw 236 or whatever. It is people like that's in amazing response. No name beta you know pricing and so yeah, man, I I love it. But so back up for a second.

Yeah. Um, and so kind of tell me yeah like back up and just give me the general overview of what's going on as always man. I'm gonna be taking notes over here absolutely kind of the State of the Union. Yeah, so our industry the music education space took a pretty good hit. This year and unfortunately, it was from some bad marketers.

It was just everybody decided that they were an expert in the music space and everybody started coming with these high ticket offers that because they were all being coached. It's like I told you last year, I think it was 13 of us took two comma clubs in the music education space. Yeah, and about half of that group joined Russell's Inner Circle. So all of them were told you need a high ticket offer. That was what their coaches were telling them.

So they were coming out with these $5,000 offers that realistically It wasn't it's like so 98% of artists that get signed to a record deal get dropped. That means 2% survive. Wow. Okay, so the labels will kind of throw this stuff in the music space for whatever reason artist always feel that they're the exception to the rule. So we had a bunch of older artists who were seeing some really good marketing and they were hearing things like all you need.

Is this in order to succeed? For $5,000 we'll build you a messenger funnel and at the end of that 90 days, you'll have a funnel capable of generating $5,000 a month. Unfortunately about 2% were able to do that the other 98 were out. Music is a scam. And these marketers are you know building their living off of the backs and all this kind of stuff.

So I kind of had to go in and and and I think you and I talked about this the last time we saw each other I had to call some people out. I had to get on the phone and say dude. Well, I know what you're saying, but we also know what they're hearing. It's like For and I say this respectfully, it's like messing with a special needs kid. You know what?

I mean? It's like it's just not right, you know what you're saying, but you know how they're reacting to it. You know how they're responding to it. So we kind of got some of that stuff cleared away and then I just sat there and I was like by my own fault. I had always tried to be the guy that helped everybody.

I was always trying to be the guy that helped all these artists and what was happening was. It's like if I'm the Ferrari why am I the lowest price person in my space? You've got all these people without the resume without the accolades without the success charging five grand and Rick Barker's charging 97 dollars and a hundred and forty seven dollars trying to serve so it backfired on me a little bit. And finally, I just had to have a come to Jesus with the audience. I said look do not confuse my generosity with the value of what I'm providing you and we kind of did that thing?

So what ended up happening was after the last time we got together is I came out and I said, I want to create an offer and I want to put I want to create my own unique mechanism. I want to just E5 the f*** out of this thing. You know what I mean? It's like my backpack with me. It's like here's my E5 manual and the workbook that we got from you guys.

And I said, so what I did is I created this concept called The Fan extraction formula and the fan extraction. Formula has two parts. It has an organic part. And it has a paid part. The organic is website email nurture sequence insta champ that I shared with you guys and funnels.

So this is the organic what happens when someone finds your website, how can we get their email? How can we extract the email? I really started talking in some of my trainings. It's like what's the first thing we want to extract and everyone was like email, you know money and I'm like no attention. The first thing that we have to extract from someone is their attention.

We have to get them to push play. We have to I call it chosen marketing out of all the stuff that came through their feed that day when they push play they chose you now that they've chosen you we can have a different conversation with them. We can lead them down this path. So we did the organic part of the fan extraction formula and then we had the paid which was the ads. I had a course called ads amplifier for music that did really well.

We sold a boatload of them and it was just basically the new part of this so that's kind of what we Created our unique mechanism is the fan extraction formula. It's it's with the organic. We built them out of website. I partnered with a guy who was kind of like the music's click funnel guy who we get their website their funnels their emails. They're membership sites everything.

He came on and helped build it out. I instigrated insta champ, which is mine. So, you know, I have an affiliate offer running through tune pipe is what it's called. I have my insta champ and then the paid ads I built with my marketing guy and people just fell in love with it. So the original thought was we were gonna sell the organic sell the paid or you can get them both.

After dealing with everyone and realizing when I was getting the feedback, which we just talked about. What was it that you enjoyed most about the dude? The stuff I learned about the website the fact that I wrote them out their first six emails and put them into a sequence that they can copy and paste with the ads. They were loving the ads I went out and I one of my offers to them was is that fill out this form give me your genre music and I will personally create your first Saved audience for you inside a Facebook. So I've got 53 and alphabetical order on a PDF.

Here's your genre. Here's your detail targeting everything and they they love that stuff. So I'm like, you know what I was thinking that the beginners would want organic the advance would want paid but it was my Advanced that got so much value out of the website stuff and the email nurture sequenced up. I'm like, I'm just gonna put it together and offer it at 2:47 with an upsell into my marketing course, which is 497 and then at the end I I had so much fun doing. Q&amp;A is at the end of these things and individually working with people.

I just threw out. You know what this year? Let's try something. For the next three months. I'm going to take on a limited number of one-on-one clients.

Here's the application process. It's $5,000 Plus ad spend. I will help you get your website your funnels and coach you through the next three months and if it works out well, then I'll open it up to everyone else sent that email out yesterday. Adds up today. I've had and I had the yes or no question.

Can you make a finance a financial investment of $5,000 minimum Plus ad spent stress-free and I underline stress-free. Yes or no. So everyone that said no I moved them off. Everyone that said yes. I started going down listening to their music right now as of 242 central time.

I've got 56 people that have said yes, I've gone through before I met you. I was sitting out having a cigar listening to music creating my hit list and I've got about 18 that I feel I could comfortably help based on the what first question was. Why do you want to work with me? And the last question was realistically what would you like to see your business look like in the next 90 days. I can tell a lot about people as you can I want to be a star.

I want to open for Bon Jovi unrealistic move on don't even waste my time with a phone call and we just so I was able to get that so that's kind of where I'm at right now and what Matt and I are doing as we're Russell s*** the bed on clickfunnels 2.0. It is what you say that like, is it really? It's like so it took them a year to relaunch so they got us all excited about it. Not this year, but last year's funnel hacking live signed a bunch of us up as beta testers. We had to wait almost nine months to even get access as a beta tester three months leading into clickfunnels and the some of the I mean, they supposedly have a hundred different developers right now.

You can't export email list in there. They have no affiliate offer program that's available inside of there. Today is the end of the trial. So the people that are in the Facebook groups bitching about it's not ready yet are going in to click the button where it says billing where you can go in and cancel and the sorry 404 air showing up. So there's not even a way for them to cancel right now.

I mean I signed up as a beta Todd yesterday. I got five boxes mail to my house with my one funnel away challenge cookbook thing. It's like five boxes showed up at my house at the same exact. Saying all with my I'm just like it's just kind of going nuts. So we were looking to load this course up into 2.0.

We were gonna Right now my guy has built out his own system. That's absolutely unbelievable. It's like click funnels just kind of open the door because the technology is so readily available that there are other people out there with the dragon drop CRM. Here's your website. Here's your funnel Builder.

Here's your email. Here's your everything. So we're getting that loaded in right now the course itself. We're going to take our first shot. At writing the copy everything and then I'm gonna give that to you and say Here's my campaign that I want you to Todd Brown the hell out of and just tell me what but it is gonna be the span extraction formula cool through the process.

So we're uploading that as we speak my new websites done with pictures with me with my goatee now and all that kind of fun stuff, but there's still one. Problem that I have 10 years after doing all this. Is when people ask me what I do for a living. I still can't clarify. What it is that I do, you know, am I a digital marketer?

I help Independent Artists through my online courses and trainings. I I still don't have a simple. thing and I'm like s***, you know because it's like I tell people what I do. They all think I'm a manager. They're all are you waiting up for Taylor's record.

Like I'm like, I don't manage artist anymore. I kind of Coach. I kind of Mentor but then I didn't for a while. I just had courses. but it was just like I'm sitting there going I am still unclear about I do what I do every day and I've made good money doing what I do every day, but when people ask me what I do like out on the golf course, I'm like I'm a digital marketer and I help people in the online space creating courses and programs to help them set up their music.

It's just a lot of stuff and I'm like, yeah well, so I can't even clarify myself. So, um here let me help you with that because I think that it's it's pretty it's pretty straightforward for me. But let me ask you a couple questions and so you so you work with would you would your tribe is made up of would you describe them as artists like musicians or if musicians so, they're independent musicians. I do get some aspiring musicians. The one question I asked him in my survey.

Are you a musician? Are you an artist a band a manager or a producer? Those are like the four people that come to me and and I get so what my goal is always to do is to help them set up. Basically, they need to be their first record label basically, so I try to help them become and learn all the tools that they would get if they were at a record label to be their own record label. So that's how yeah, and so, okay so jump, so when you say independent independent musicians, that means they're not they fund their own operation.

Yeah, they are the they are the bank they fund it. They're not being bankrolled by a label okay there and so they're independent they fund their own their own growth their own all that and so they're not under the umbrella of a label meaning. They're ready to call their own shots, correct? So ultimately, They're coming to you. Like all of these things like the fan extraction formula and their website and all of that.

Ultimately. What is the the end goal for them? Like is the major are the majority just trying to get their music out there build. What are they trying to do? They would love to replace their current income full-time with music, you know, all the resources that used to be controlled by the label are now available to them.

They have their own distribution. They have their own marketing they're able to do their own PR. They're able to collect money from the artist that used to be we only were able to do that if you had a label because they kind of controlled the direct access to the fans so that eliminated about 12 years ago when CD baby and all these places were like, hey anybody could I mean there's a hundred thousand songs a day uploaded to the it's the crate. It's the craziest thing. I mean, it's like unbelievable.

So what I try to help them do is set up their music business in order to To build and nurture a fan base to ultimately monetize that fanbase. Yeah. Okay. And so ultimately So based on what you just said, so everything that you you teach them whether it's you know, the website the email collection organic paid. Yeah, all that stuff is all of those things are really just vehicles to help them.

To grow their fan base so they can enjoy being a full-time well-paid recognized musician, correct? That's the goal. Yeah. That's the goal. Okay, and that's the goal that they have and that's ultimately the goal behind all of the things that you create the reference pieces to to that puzzle.

So really, I mean look at the at the end of the day, it sounds like right like that that what you do is you help independent musicians to grow a fan base so they can be well paid full-time musicians. Yeah self-sustained. Basically, that's what they want to be. They just some want to make fifty thousand dollars a year some want to make five hundred thousand dollars a year. They just want to feel like their music's being heard and they're being calm compensated for it.

Unfortunately in an industry where the consumer doesn't have to pay and that's what I explain to ultimately what they're gonna invest in is the relationship. So I try to really teach them how to use their music to attract the right person. You know through one of my systems with ads I hit onto something that nobody else had touched which is like even freaking out the ad agencies because they're coming to me now going dude. How did you tap into that? It was like it doesn't cost anyone to listen to your music.

So why we're continuing to run ads to go find listeners when we need to go run ads to find buyers and all I did was here's your genre music. Must also match. Concerts those are people that will pay over price tickets pay over price. Beer overpriced parking get things must also match independent music. So they've shown an active interest in independent music and then I add must also Match Apple and Spotify and the results have been phenomenal because we're finding the concert goers.

It used to be here's your genre music run your Discovery ads and you're gonna have a whole bunch of people view your music, but they're all being told that they can listen for free. I wanted to Target people that spent money on concerts on music showed interest and it changed everything. No, I I love it man. I I did I think that like like look man for you for with the The Clarity on this like look you use digital marketing as a way to get in front of independent musicians so that you can give them the help that they need right? Ultimately when if somebody if right if we're partners and somebody said, well, what do you do right we help Dependent musicians to build a fan base so they can be well paid full-time musicians.

That's what I do. Yes happen to use right like digital marketing marketing to get out in front of them. That's what we do. If somebody said then well, how do you do that? Like, what do you do?

Are you a manager? Then you can say right I offer them, you know, I I offer training programs. I offer coaching and I offer one-on-one kind of consulting or guidance. Yes, that's what you do. So, what do I do?

I help independent musicians to build a, you know, a big fan base so that they can be well paid full-time musicians. That's it. God I do. Yeah, that's I like that that's what I do. Oh, you know it's interesting.

So it sounds like the things that you've you know, it sounds like you're you're happy with the the results that you've gotten on the things that you've done like that you like that right? Okay. So let me ask you this. So tell me a little bit. So as it relates to now that we've got that umbrella, you know that Clarity on right that you help independent musicians blah blah.

And so in my mind and totally correct me if if I'm totally off the mark on this sure in my mind, I would have to believe that there are a variety of different things of little things that need to be done or could be done to help speed up the growth of a of a musicians fan base. Like let me throw something out as an example and I'll tell you why I'm mentioning this, okay. Let's say um, hypothetically, um how to get featured how to have your music featured on mainstream media platforms, right? Like how to get your how to get your music featured on mainstream platforms meaning like how to get featured on whatever Fox News CNN whatever you or these other platforms right the idea of kind of of PR. Um, I would think that maybe there is um something to teach them as it relates to maybe let's say, you know how to get how to get found in Spotify how to have your music show up when people search for other like how to get found in the related music, you know section on on Spotify.

I would think that there would be stuff about let's say, How to begin how to monetize systems for monetizing your fan base once you've gotten a thousand fans or a thousand downloads whatever whatever the you know, and I mentioning these I'm mentioning these little things because it would it feels like to me that that there are a lot of different things that you can help them with smaller things that even if you're not a pro on it, you could interview somebody transcribe it turn it into a workbook or you could even partner with somebody on it, but it just sounds like you we do that I have right now about eight affiliate relationships. So what you were mentioned in earlier is through it's sync licensing how to get on television commercials. Gay video game so we that's probably one of the biggest ones I do every year. It's a master music licensing. I actually brought two guys together and they formed their company.

So I promote them once a year Ariel Hyatt at Cyber PR. She's the best in the business when it comes to PR. She's actually it's funny because the people you just mentioned are all featured in my music marketing bald. I brought them in as instructor. So I brought the best tiktok guy in the best Spotify guy in the best YouTube ads guy in so we do a lot of that and then they bring them to me because they're like, hey, I got somebody wants to be an artist.

I'm known as the social media guy and I'm like no, I'm the fan. I'm the build relationship building guy. That's what Taylor and I did better than anyone is we just use the tools that we're available to build these relationships some of the one little things that you were talking about. That worked really well were my pre-release song checklist, you know, here's the checklist of what you need to have before you release a song so that You can get paid because a lot of people release in music where they couldn't get paid one of the things that happened earlier. In my career, unfortunately, I say unfortunately, but it's is that I became the Last Hope for the older artist.

So when I spoke at the CD Baby music conference this year. I'm saying probably 80% were over 60 years of age in the audience and we just respectfully we just can't help them. It's like their tech-tarted they fight you on everything. They always stay. It's like they always have answers and it got exhausting for a while because that's what was showing up in my thing.

So Matt and I are for the fan extraction formula. We're limiting the age on our ads. We're really trying to come in younger somebody else that is there somebody else that does work. Like is there somebody else that's dedicated to older artist? Yeah.

I've most of them are songwriters. So I push them to a guy by the name of Seth Mosley who has a program called song Chasers which teaches them and he'll listen to their music and he's got a team that will give them feedback because that's what they want for me is to listen to their music and I'm like guys, let me look at your marketing and your website and your socials me hearing your music. It doesn't it doesn't benefit you at all. Uh, the other thing that that Matt and I decided to do is we were flying back from funnel hacking live as something that I've always wanted to do and I've never done it is I'm doing a new book called music business for parents. Those are the people I love working with.

It's like if I can build these artists on the front end and they don't become the 60 year old that's coming to me thinking I'm their last hope that they have no money, but they want all my attention. It's like, how can I focus on the front? And so we're gonna do a regular book and an audio book music business for parents up. I've already outlined it. I'm just gonna record it and voice then we're going to get it transcribed and then the other Market of people that I'm really passionate about are is the Latin music market and one of the gals came to me from CD baby and she's agreed to basically transcribe the fan extraction formula into both Spanish and Portuguese.

And so She's got me on she sent me a list of questions. I answered him. She transcribed them into Spanish blogs for their music space to kind of place me there. So it's it's kind of like the parents and then these other ones by Fall. The good news is the people that were responding to work with me one-on-one for the next 90 days.

There's some really good artists in there that I got excited about and I haven't been excited about this in a long time because my older folks just beat me down for the last year. It's like they buy everything I offer everything I bring up there the first ones to do it every time I make this they're the they're the ones that always show up. All the other young good artists are kind of sitting in the background watching while the older ones are taking up all the time. And it finally one of my artists it's really good. I mean they've had songs in the Olympics and everything.

It's like Dude, those people just wear us out when we're on the group coaching calls. I tried doing the group coaching call thing and it just the ones that I wanted to help weren't saying anything. They didn't want these other people. It was just and it's all my fault. I take full responsibility for wanting to bring everybody into the restaurant instead of just saying Here's what makes me happy.

Here's that I I don't mind spending an hour hour and a half with these people I get excited about it. But I just I tried to be everything to everyone right and it kind of backfired and now it's like I'm slowly weeding them out. And as I'm bringing everybody over to this new platform, I'm taking my audience and I'm segmenting the crap out of it because I didn't do a good job of it and what I went and told these other marketers as I said, look, none of you are running a scam you're just not right for the majority of people. So if I can do a better job segmenting instead of me throwing out an email the 63,000 people where the majority are going to think. Oh my God, this is great for me when it's not I can send you two thousand people that I know or qualified to take advantage of this and they're not gonna be on socials bad beating the s*** out of us or emailing me because I introduced them to you and they heard me say how great you And next thing, you know, they're out five grand and they're like Rick I did it because you told me to do it and then I got my affiliate commission.

It's like, right. So and totally makes sense love seeing and hearing the clarity from you. And and I mean and I think we all continue to go through that realizing this is these are wrong these are good. And so totally totally normal. Let me ask you I want to go back for one second to the um, so you had said that you have I think you have you said eight affiliate relationships something like that with right so eight affiliate relationships.

And so I think so my question is so you've got these affiliate relationships you had mentioned that once a year you you introduce people to this one for the license. I think you had said maybe and they're on my website. They're featured my trusted sources that people if you're looking for help here, they can go there. They'll download a book. It's triggered with my affiliate link and then if they end up buying I get paid and I do a podcast and we do joint trainings these webinars.

It's like I come on It make the introduction they get right into the teaching and then I help them sell at the end. That's the partnership that I have with because I can sell them better than they can sell themselves most the time got it. And so let me so how often are you mailing? How often are you exposing your list your tribe to a new offer or not a new offer just an offer. Not as often as I should be you know, and this was something that when you and I talked last time I got better at it was just more of just kind of serving that you know, it was just kind of tea 'em up.

Hey just saw this cool training on Tik Tok one. I read this cool article wanted to share it with you just no offer. No nothing just I'm watching out for you kind of emails as I call them. It's like I'm doing all this research. You don't have to kind of deal saw this implemented it in my business and then I even brought them on I when I got back from funnel hacking live I said, hey, I just got back from this marketing conference.

Here's an impromptu Q&amp;A. Let's come in and let me show you the five things that I that I learned that I think you can use in your business and we had 300 people show up for it live. Yeah, and there was and there was no offer in the end and there was the tease of I'm getting ready to do this thing with the fan extraction formula. So they okay the offer of the beta came about four days after That okay got it. So at least it was there was a marketing purpose to that.

So what I've oh, yeah, then, you know can just continuing that that the the dialogue is, you know, you've got these like look, you know, if if you've got these it sounds like you have a lot of different things that people can invest in to move along that that Journey that we we clarified whether they're your own your own programs your own products or stuff that you're a partner on and so put out more offers in front of them. There's nothing wrong with you know, like continue you can you can build Goodwill and and help them every single week. You can have content that is right, but I would be moving them to an offer all the time. And so you like knowing that I'm going so what I did was this I did the beta at 97 dollars 265 people I only Offered it to my buyer's list. Yeah.

Next thought was we're one week away from releasing it to the general public. I will give those of you that missed it. Now, you can get it for 147. It will be on it will go out to the public for 247. How often do you not show them anything from someone else knowing that you're coming with your own offers?

They're like a rule that you have. Well, so what I would say is so I don't do a whole lot of affiliate stuff, right? So I only recently did an affiliate promotion. It was probably the first affiliate promotion for for somebody else another E5 student Marisa Murgatroyd. I hadn't done and an affiliate product.

Um, and I don't even it could be years, but but let me let me clarify for you. What advice would you give to me? Knowing that I'm gonna want them to have my I want my full attention on him and I don't want I don't want them spending 300 bucks with somebody else even though I'm gonna make one. You when I've got my own full price thing coming here. Yeah, so I I am a believer in like look when in doubt I would much prefer you to have your own your own product.

That's why I said even with something like, you know, like I would I would rather I would rather go to an expert. Let's say on PR getting on the media go to an expert and say hey, I'd love to interview you I'd love to pick your brain. I'm gonna share this with a ton of artists and I would even be willing to give them a commission on every single sale that you then generate but you generate the sale right? It's your buyer. You're not introducing them to somebody else right?

You're just you're you're the guy that's bringing that expert in but they're still within your ecosystem. Yeah, you're never sending them out of your ecosystem and so right and so I'm I do that and I love to do that right with topics that I'm not I'm not the expert on right not being said, I just want to go back for one second and then we'll I'll give you some specific steps. So you had said that you went to the buyer list, right and just take this with like just take this with a you know, you went to the buyer list. And so when you are going to the buyer list, what was the non-buyer list exposed to they were getting regular correspondence from me? You know, I just interviewed a really cool guy for who could fund their career on podcast stuff.

So they were just getting a couple got it. So they were getting they generic for lack of a better word. They were just getting service regular they were not being made any offers. Yeah. Okay.

So in and Ideal World Rick what like if you and I we're Partners, right? My money reputation livelihood is on the line, right? One of the very first things that I would do if I was if I said, all right Rick, I'm gonna come into the business. I'm gonna spend a month with you and here's what we're gonna do one by one. I'm gonna take your products your offers.

Let's say that we're gonna start with the stuff that That has marketing assets that has a sales page. Even if it's just the sales page and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna create um, I'm gonna set up and email sequence that is to promote that product right and so and put aside how that sequence would work right like the the tech aspects but I'm gonna set up a sequence for that particular product. Actually. Let me let me just take a let me let me take a little bit of time. So what we do is all of our campaigns all of our sequences are set up exactly like this and I've talked about this before they're set up with two parts.

All of our email sequences are made up really of two sequences. The first sequence is what we call what I refer to as an interest sequence or a click sequence and ultimately what I'm trying to do is I am trying to get the people that are Interested in the topic of the product of the offer to raise their hand and identify themselves as being interested. So an email might go out that says let's say I was promoting we we did this workshop with John Ford an all-day workshop on how to structure the lead the first 35400 500 Words. So let's say I was promoting that which is an example by the way of he came in right we paid him to come in and then we pay him like a hundred dollar commission or something like that for every unit sold, right. So now what what we would do is let's say this week we decided all right the this week, it's the John Ford Workshop that we're gonna promote.

So we have this sequence that gets triggered made up of two email sequences the first email sequence Go Runs for three days. It's two emails a day and all it is is to identify the people that are interested in learning more about the lead and so an email might be like, hey, you know, you know brought in the the John Ford to show all of his secrets, you know about, you know, creating leads. Um, if you're interested check out this little video when they are playing and their tag, they're tagged and they're then remove right now when they go to the video, which is really a vsl. It's an education based vsl. What happens is um is there is a four-day deadline that begins on that page.

It's a dynamic four-day deadline. So in other words it only it's it's it we use deadline funnel. Yeah, and so meaning right that the deadline Begins the moment that somebody hits that page once they click one of those links in one of those emails in that first sequence, they're taking out of that first sequence and now they're dropped into the second sequence and the second sequence is all about the offer right like with a countdown you got three days left. You got two days left. Hey today's the last day for you to get the the offer and and so what happens is that some people will click on one of the links in that in that first sequence and then all of those people that click on one of those links in that first sequence, they get dropped over they go to the sales page with the video or whatever and then they go through the you know, the Version sequence sequence, right, but anybody that doesn't click the link they never go into the conversion sequence.

They never hear about the offer. There's no deadline countdown. There's nothing like that that now and the whole thing is set up to be Evergreen which means that we can trigger that campaign right today and then in four weeks from now we can trigger it again, right we can trigger it again. And so I'm sharing that with you because one at a time. What I would do is I would create those Evergreen sequences.

Yeah, each of your offers so that you then have what we call bullets in the gun so that you can decide. All right. You know what we're coming up to November. What are we gonna what bullets are we gonna fire in November? We're gonna fire this offer right this offer these a b c and d are the ones that we're gonna fire week one.

We're gonna fire a right two, we're gonna fire B week three, we're gonna fire see and then week four. We're gonna fire D. And then what are we gonna do the month after maybe we'll do it again. We'll start with a again go be right and so so that you always have something to um to promote now the beauty is that you can have education that is part of those sequences so that you are building Goodwill, but you're also always moving to an offer you're always giving them the opportunity to um to buy right so rather then what because the way that I like to look at this is you know, I remember from when I was first brought like behind the scenes at Agora and I was like, how often do you guys mail? Like do you and they said we mail every day and I said, what's the thought process behind mailing every day and they said because we want to give people the opportunity to buy every day, right when we go on that.

Yeah, you would think like right like I walked away and I was like, it's Duh, like okay right rather than once a week or twice a week. Let's give them a chance. And so what it does is it takes the the dead days the days where we've got nothing nothing's going to the list because we're waiting because what most people do is they're waiting for this new promotion that they're about to do in 10 days and let's just die and just waiting list here. Yeah, right. And so what we want ultimately right and and I'll tell you, you know, um, Kyle Milligan in top one copywriter what he was doing.

I'll tell you when I first when he first came into top one he was sending out an email five days a week. I would say that almost five days a week the email that he was sending out was sending people to a YouTube video some education educational video and and I basically said to him like stop it stop stop with that you want to send it to him once a week. Maybe twice a week. Cool the other Days send them an offer and now the dude is like, you know 300% like growth in his but now we now I need him to tone it down the amount of offers that he's that he's making and the point is like, you know, like we there's a fine balance Rick between you know, like you build Goodwill too much and what you do is you train people to just wait for the free information, right? And then you guilty.

Yeah like you train them to and then they an offer. What are you doing? Like, why would I do in all Rick give so much he's so so it's a it's a balance. I like education. I like value but I like education and value within the context of marketing teach them something about podcasting and then make sure that there's an offer for podcasting attached to that right like don't you know, like if you're gonna teach them about PR or something make sure that there's an all right this allows you to do is when you say I'm gonna fire this week, I'm firing, you know or next week.

I'm gonna fire this bullet this bullet that's about let's say, you know, A gram, right? Okay, then what you should do is if you want to do some education you want to do some Facebook live stuff then you do it around Instagram. So that's the champ the insta champ offer done. There you go at the end of that bad boy you say hey if you enjoyed this and you want to learn more go check this out right doesn't have to be anything more that you don't have to do a stack. You don't have to do a full do a sales page teaches.

It makes them an offer. That's it, right. Hey go go check this out. Right we've got this available. It'll be available for you for the next four days.

If you go check and then boom they hit the sales page countdown timer the whole nine, right? And so what we ultimately want is we want enough bullets in the gun so that we can be firing something every week. So no more dead days, like no more dead days. That's ultimately where we want to get now. We're gonna start you start with one at a time just build one and then cool and then you build a second one cool.

Then you build a third once you get to four. Let me tell you like and I we ultimately would want more but once you get to four you can just recycle those bad boys. You're a short memory and so right until you say, hey, I want to roll something new out and now new and welcome part is that the affiliate offers that I have with people are evergreen products. So it's just I can educate to offer educate to offer educate to offer. It's like this week.

We're talking about growing. PR next week, we're talking about. Yeah fighting better songs this week. We're talking about. Yep, the tiktok strategy this week.

It's just you really wanted to yeah, like you had said already. I love it. Like I I think like you had said early or earlier you had said, you know, you you promote him or the license dude. I think you had said like once a year the reality is if you had nothing to promote of your own products and you had eight Partners you could just do one two, three, four, five six, seven eight. One, two, three, four five and you you have enough to just promote something every single week.

So let me ask you this. So let's say that I'm going let's just use PR as an example. So let's say I'm going to PR out so I could utilize my social post could be about PR I could do it Instagram live about this strike the pr and biting people then yeah just type the word PR in the comments. They go right to the landing page because of A champion they're able to see the training in the offer. And then now yep, and now you've got Right Now podcast that week could be about PR.

It's just you exactly you just use all your stuff to promote your time weekly, so what you got it exactly and at the same time, you've got the sequence that's running for all the people on the email. So you've got that covered now, you've got your Social covered. So ultimately what you're doing is you're starting with all right, what's the offer that we're promoting this week the bullet that we're firing this week and then everything else in terms of your Social content. Your Facebook lives gets reverse engineered based on that. So we're not gonna we're promoting a podcast thing this week.

It's podcasts podcasts everything related to podcast what I talk about in public podcast so that it's a natural transition for me in the end to say boom next week when we go into PR everything that I boom We trigger that sequence email list is covered right boom social PR and my thing gets launched. That's the bullet. That's fired, correct. Maybe the next two weeks. I fired that bullet.

I'm leading them up to teaching them different little extraction to then invite them into the fan extraction. Formula. Correct. Today. We're talking about the power of a website next week's all about emails and it's just getting them excited because I put that all into one area for them.

You got it and sometimes like like look like when you said the you said, um, you know, you did something, um the to build up like to build up excitement like something is coming that's part of marketing. So some of your own campaigns, maybe they're two weeks, right? That's okay. Like in other words you're you know, you're it's not a dead day because you are building to something you're building anticipation and excitement and all and all that jazz. And so what this will also do for you is right like then what happens is now let's say one week.

You you roll out let's say the pr thing right right, you roll bullet PR boom. Well now there's gonna be people on your list that already bought the pr thing right? So they're not included in that they're excluded. They're not right. So we take everybody else minus the people that already bought PR we drop them into the email, you know, the the campaign.

Um, and now so now what do we do with the people that have already bought the pr now, what I would do is I would take maybe one campaign one or two campaigns that are maybe all about your you know, your five thousand dollar, you know, one-on-one coaching, right? And for that weak, I would expose them to that that I would so like for us what we do is when we when we when we bullet and right, we exclude all the previous buyers those previous buyers that are excluded then get stuff related to top one. Right and so then next week, all right, next week's bullet is the podcasting bullet. Now boom goes to everybody minus the podcast buyers take the podcast buyers boom. They get exposed to talk them on another thing.

Right? And so somebody is always the aim is somebody is always being with they're always moving along to an offer right? It's not just pitch pitch pitch, you know, it's education based it's value but it's moving them somewhere, right and I know yeah, I love so and like like look man for Any help that you need in terms of the the on the emails you want me to review anything you want our you want Teddy to show you exactly how we set it up in our CRM with deadline funnel all that dude done. You let me know. I'm gonna bring you the fan extraction thing.

Like I said, that'll be to you with in the next week week and a half. So we'll have that and then what we're doing as we move everyone over from convertkit into this new thing. Everyone's going to start with a bullet of some sort. We want them see so it's like when they come in if they come in and from my book my free book, you know, then they're going to go through that email and nurture sequence and they'll have multiple bullets fired at them throughout the book good. That's what we want.

Right? Like that's what we and the beauty is right like that. You know it. Yeah, it's a pain in the butt like it's a it's work to set up. Yeah, but what's it's gone branding press it's Once it's done, it's just boom send like in the whole thing is hands hands off.

It's a beautiful thing and you've got the programs like you've got these different offers. Don't let them just collect dust on the Shelf. Yeah, right like let's break them out. Yeah, you know and so and so the, you know as a total aside totally aside, you know, it's funny. I'm so glad I so appreciate that.

You mentioned the The Click funnels 2.0 ironically right before was it right before top one? Or right after top one right after top one. I was in Boise with them just for like, you know, I had a fly in real quick and fly out because I had to go see my daughter at school. But I flew in to give like a a presentation for something. I don't even know how they're using it.

Um And they just like sent sent me some stuff to see if I would promote for clickfunnels 2.0 and you know, I certainly would love to help out. You know those guys. I'm not gonna I'm it's always about the tribe and what's in their best interest and so I'm gonna hold off. Thanks to you like and so yeah. What a shame.

I mean, what about once they get if they finally get the stuff kinked out. It's just what was happening is they they brought everybody in there one funnel away challenge, they brought them in and they had all these people signed up and they had my rent and they had all these different ballot Shepherd and all these people that's probably what they threw you in on to just yeah like yeah bring it was like a bombardment like 20 people. All for this 2.0 and they all got their 14-day trial and they had something like a hundred thousand people, you know sign up for this free trial. And then today is the billing date for everybody that goes into and people are in the Facebook groups going none of the stuff that they said was gonna be there is there they you know, they're releasing the pages. I've been a wait till they come back and as soon as you click on billing it goes to a 404 page it says oops this wasn't supposed to happen.

So no one's able to unbuilt. Oh, that's your kinks worked out. It's like because I waited. And I waited and then finally I met with my guy yesterday and he's built out his own thing. It's like there's so many other people that are just aiming for them right now that got their stuff up and it's like it's an easier build.

It's easier this it's like you could throw in some code if you did and I'm just like and it's I mean, it's like I'm gonna go from I I don't now have to pay for like five different Services. It's like 15,000 a year. I don't have to pay for and I'm paying $30 a month for this thing that does the exact same thing that my team built. You know what I like look I'll tell you for what it's worth. So and right this is you know, I I like Russell.

He's a friend like we you know, um, we Voxer All That Jazz. Yeah, um, but you know, if I if they didn't give it to me for free from day one. I want to be using it only be it. It's the most popular. It's not the best correct by any means and I already looked at it.

It's like I bought my tickets to go to the That next year I don't need a two comma Club award for them. I got one. I'll make my own award. I'd rather have something that works out the money then be paraded on stage to sell more courses for him. Amen.

But so we're you know, so look so I'm looking forward to to the the fan extraction formula to reviewing that and then let's like please I'm gonna make a note to let's let me help you put those kind of bullets. Let me help you work on that. No, I'm gonna organize it and I'll have you take a look at it and see what kind of makes sense and I'm gonna do it kind of in the priority of what I know people are looking for right now. And what makes them excited. So yeah, beautiful beautiful.

Let me let me help you with that. So after we do the fan extraction formula, then we'll do that. And yeah awesome. And so if you need anything in the meantime, you will hit you up. Well, I'm looking forward to the recordings just came out so I got some video watching to do this weekend.

Good. Okay, you got it.
