---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-07-15 17:01:23"
date: 2022-07-15
duration: 47m
duration_seconds: 2861
vimeo_id: 730424967
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-07-15 17:01:23

**Date:** 2022-07-15 | **Duration:** 47m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello. Hey, how are you? I'm good. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well.

Are you the real boss behind the scenes? Tell me the truth? You are you you are in my house. It's my wife. And so I'm sure it's you.

He even though you're the what are you the the marketer the head the head marketer? Right marketing manager. Okay. I love it. Awesome.

Well, welcome. What's up Lucas Jim what's going on? How are you? Good. Okay, good.

All right. So good. I'm glad that we could make this work. I am we were able to squeeze this in I'm about to do a little travel into a couple different spots for the next week. And so let's hit it.

I know that you sent over some you sent over the questions. Was there anything in addition to those questions that you wanted to cover anything General related to the the response that I sent you guys? I re-listen to your video for like the third time this morning and what came up for me was a little bit of the messaging stuff. I think just in my experience in messaging. It's one of those things that's gonna percolate for a couple weeks and it's gonna come out somehow but just around the self scaling systems and the thesis of the campaign a little bit talking about that it a tiny bit.

But you have a you have a tendency of exactly what it is that I used to do and and that is to overteach and to over give to be so concerned with first of all to love the teaching and to love the imparting of knowledge. But to really it really felt like and I watched I watched the whole thing and then I watch different portions multiple times just to make sure that I wasn't You know, I you know that that what I was seeing was really there that you know, it feels like you you know, it feels like you want to teach more to make sure that you are truly delivering value and right so I think you love the in like and that reminds me of me, right? It reminds me of me early on that. I just wanted to teach I loved having people get these aha moments these light bulb moments. I love kind of imparting this knowledge and I really felt strongly that I needed to teach in order to really deliver exceptional value, but you have to be very careful.

Like I said, That you ultimately what you want to be teaching Lucas is you want to be teaching what they should be doing and why they should be doing it not the how to and the what that they should be doing is tied back to the unique mechanism in the thesis. Like you've got to me this idea of cell scaling systems is is tremendous. I love it. I think even just the name itself is is phenomenal and the whole aim really like I said to you on the video is really to prove to them that it's not enough to just remove you as the constraint and have systems what you really ultimately want our self-scaling systems and there's a difference between the two and here's the benefits of cell scaling system. And here's what it does for you and here's why it's so effective right and and get that buy-in on the self scaling systems.

Once you've gotten Buy in on the cell scaling systems, then you Segway into the offer. Give it to them. And so you've got to be very careful that you don't over teach. The last thing that you want to do is the let and I think I believe I said this in the video is you don't want them spending a significant amount of extended time in The Logical side of their brain where the moment that you say something to them teach them right and I I still do this day have this tendency. And so the moment that you say something where you're you're teaching and your jazzed about it, right and you're just and they're like, I don't really understand that.

How does that really? Wait a second? Let me make sure now you've got them in the wrong side of the brain and so save all of the the Nitty Gritty detail and the the how to the how to do it for the training. yeah, does that make sense a hundred percent totally get it on the same page couple click pieces to dive in with that and I just want to be mindful of your time because I know we have some other more specific things we wanted to dive into but so for the training, you know, I think I think you're right. I think one of the reasons why it was heavy on on maybe heavier on the how than I had thought or intended for it to be was partly what you're saying, but I think the other part is I was trying to use logic as proof.

Right and so in in the absence of at this moment and abundance of other forms of proof for these systems, I was using logic and so and so you can use logic for proof, but that logic needs to prove the what and the why not the how so in other words don't associate right don't associate teaching them how with logical support that's not logical support, right? That's just teaching them the how the lot like you could give when if you like look we could give logical support for why you want a systems driven business over a you centered business and that's great. You're not teaching them how to do it. But you're giving them the logic the logic to support it so that they say I see it I get it and all you want to do is sell them on what they should do. And why they should do it and ultimately what it will do for them.

And that's it. Right and that isn't that's that is wildly valuable for people people get off if they realize right. Wow. I am at the center. Wow, I do realize why I'm not growing.

I do realize why it's going to be a slog for me to grow to scale this business. If I continue to to do it this way like that is that's tremendous value for me. Wow, and you shared with me that I need to do. I need to have systems and not just any systems with cell scaling systems and I like what these self-scaling systems do and that's what I want. Thank you Lucas for opening my eyes to that.

You don't don't stay away from the the needy gritty how to don't teach them how to do any of it and don't be also careful with um, With pulling back the curtain and revealing too much. Right? So like you if you're when you're telling them like it's cell scaling systems and then we use logic to explain the difference the the superiority of cell scaling systems versus regular regular systems. Um, and you explain why it's Superior and what it will do for you and what you'll experience with self-scaling systems that you won't experience with ordinary ordinary systems resist the pull to now peel back the curtain and show them what a cell scaling system is made of like you don't need to pull back the curtain and show them the you know show on the the thing like my my wife needed a new vehicle last week and the the dude we talked about you know, how smooth it is my wife loved it and blah blah right The Guiding he didn't pop the hood. Right.

He didn't pop the hood. He didn't get into any of the like none of that. I don't pop in the hood would scare the bejesus out of me. You know what? I mean?

I don't know what's going on. Like I'm not like I don't need any of that. Right? And the last thing that he wants to do is he's just it's a 3.5. Literally, I don't know maybe not what I should now.

I'm thinking of myself. Well, maybe I should research is that what I want a 3.5 liter to V6 is that no none of that and so resist that you know resist that that pull to open up the kimono so to speak and and show this this is step one. This is step two. This is step three. No, No, because you risk scaring people.

Got it. Um. I might have feature questions about that lovely good. Um, just last specific thing on the message slash webinar. So assuming the thesis essentially comes down to you need self-scaling systems, right?

How are we connecting quote unquote self-scaling systems to our unique mechanism the Evergreen OS So the you could say that the Evergreen OS is a is a Triad of self-scaling systems that will take care of things in three different categories of your business. Right? So the the right it the the operating system is made up of the cell scaling systems. So really what I would say for and I don't want to get into the Weeds on this but really The unique mechanism is really the cell scaling systems and the Evergreen OS is really the framework. It's really the framework right?

It's the framework. It's the the bringing together of of this combination collection of different unique Mac, right like unique mechanism for this area of your business unique back in itself scaling systems for this area this area. And so the Evergreen OS is this unique collection of cell scaling systems that will allow you to do X and Y and Z. Yeah, and so does that make sense? It does in our research.

We found albeit much more limited as opposed to systems driven as you were describing in your feedback. We did find other self-scaling systems and self-scaling type language out in, you know, related Marketplace. So just you know, I think we went with Evergreen OS because of the semi abstract nature of it right where it's it's something that no one else has an evergreen OS period you search it we're gonna be able to ever show up for it. So, you know, I think that that's part of the reason why we went With that and with Evergreen being something that the marketplace at least the clients that would buy by this program would be aware enough of the definition that it would cause some curiosity. It wouldn't be abstract that it would mean nothing but it would create some curiosity.

And so that's sort of why we went with Evergreen OS and so in my mind, I'm trying to connect how do we make Evergreen OS and self-scaling systems more or less synonymous right? You really that's all just language and that's you and I are really on the same page. So right like you're ultimately it's not that we are. It's not that we're solely shining a light on Cell scaling systems and now burying this idea of the you know, Evergreen OS it's that ultimately right like we're gonna sell them on you know, you're all if you really wanted to just like like streamline this thing, right? So you're the constraint you can't be the constraint.

If you want to scale this thing and enjoy massive massive growth and wealth and freedom and an impact and all that stuff. You need a systems driven business, but not an ordinary systems driven business because there are there are shortfalls to the ordinary systems driven business like X and Y and Z what you really ultimately want what's gonna give you the most amount of Freedom impact wealth building growth are self scaling systems self scaling systems work because that that and they'll do X and why in Z for you boy you ultimately want is a combination of three self-scaling systems brought together to seamlessly grow all areas of your business. That's what we call the Evergreen OS and here's what it will do for you and how it work like why it Works and what it's going to produce for you in blah. That's really ultimately the thing. You see what I'm saying?

Beautiful. Love it. Oh, yeah. So like I said, man, we'll come back and we'll we'll dial in the language because it's just all about Framing and positioning of it. Awesome.

Thank you. So Liana. I know you did a deep diving you've got multi-page document worth of summarization of notes here and such but you want to dive into some of the specifics of the questions. cool, so, you know, I think I think one one thing that's actually important to just offer some brief context on let me go ahead and share my screen just so that we're 100% on the same page with this. Can you guys see that?

Yes. Okay cool. So one of the things we were not clear about whether or not it made it across in in your feedback is that we actually and this this was a mistake. This is something that I think we did wrong and we have data that sort of shows this which is the in the webinar. We we neither went direct to sale nor Hey, you've heard a lot of great stuff here today now apply.

We did a really silly hybrid where it's like here's the full offer details now go apply for the thing right stupid and I say right? Yes, so, you know, I think one of the things that's really important is as we're talking about expanding the conversion vehicles for the backend for this offer is that the application is the real call to action for all of those and I just want to I want to verify that with you because the application is Central to the sales process into that Automation and to how people actually enroll. Yep. I I totally got it. I know that that is essential to your your particular model doesn't change anything.

So right like the way the way to think about this for all for for all you guys right? I don't care like the here's the reality right that um, the you could have the same Market. An argument for like what it is that we just talked about and you could have a variety of different calls to action. So you could write you could go into an offer for a call and then with the call to action of schedule it now to learn how to implement Evergreen OS in your business. You could have a call to action.

That's go buy it now. It doesn't change the marketing argument because what we're doing is we're getting buying on the value of Evergreen OS now what we ask them to do is totally up to you. And so the the I know the app is essential totally cool. If the question that you have here, the first question is what type of back-end campaign to create the answer number one the the real answer is it doesn't matter but the right answer is right. It really doesn't I'll tell you meaning that like look if what I would say is the right answer is if you are more effective and more comfortable in a webinar context rather than a vsl.

Then I would do a webinar. Right, but if you are more comfortable in a vsl context than a webinar, then I would tell you to do a vsl. There's not you're not gonna see a wild swing in conversion between the two right assuming like you're not gonna see what if you are better on webinar. Like if you are just better with that that the dynamic aspect of a webinar with interaction with getting comments and feedback and you've got the Charisma and the energy like if you feel most comfortable there then go with a webinar. If you don't write then go with a vsl.

I tend to lean towards vsl, but that's just me personally and so it really comes down to what model are you most comfortable and effective with So what in 2022 right like a vsl, I feel like depending on who you ask it could look like 75 different things, right? So a vsl. Like I've seen vsls that look like webinars, but they're just video on a page. I've seen vsls that are like the super traditional like John Benson style. It's just like words on a white screen, you know, so in your mind, like what would a vsl look like here?

Yeah, so it's and and I completely agree with you. I think the lines have been blurred between a webinar especially on Demand webinars right where you opt in and you get it immediate access to it for you know, I mean for all intensive purposes, it really is a video sales letter. It's just the way that it's being delivered is not the traditional words on a screen like John Benson ugly vsl style. I I think that and I know that this isn't the answer that you're looking for but it really has to be based on your strengths. And so what I mean by that, is that right because I I can write Good copy, right?

My my video sales letters are good enough where I meaning. I don't need the interaction. I don't need to be on camera right there that good but there are other people where they're right. They almost sell more based on their Charisma and personality. Well, if that's the case that doesn't come through nearly as well in a traditional vsl as it does an on-camera, you know, and on camera webinar, but at the end of the day, it's really the same thing if you're talking about the same thing what we're talking about is really just the formatted in which the information is being delivered if you can deliver it right with like where the copy is dialed that I would go with a traditional vsl.

I like the traditional vsl because we're able to bang them out. You can split test multiple aspects of the vsl like so you can slice and dice that bad boy up and have tons of different versions and nobody knows different openings different middles. Different closes in the end. It's so it's easy for us to create them. It's easy for us to split test them not so much with a alive webinar or something recorded on camera.

It's it's a little bit more difficult to make it seamless but it really comes down to Lucas what you're where you feel your area of strength is if you feel you sell well because of personality and Charisma, then I would tell you to do it do the webinar style and ultimately we're gonna deliver it Evergreen as an on-demand thing, but that's the ultimate point that we're gonna get to anyway, and so for all intensive purposes, it is a vsl. Okay, if you had to guess would you think that the webinar was scripted or not scripted? your webinar Um, I didn't pay a I didn't pay attention to that if I had to guess I would say, um scripted. You'd be right. Okay, so got it.

But you I'll tell you you know, you did it well enough where I didn't notice like there are times when I know I know like when it's scripted like you can tell that it's scripted. I could not it didn't stand out to me at all and so cool good. Um, so for Okay, so a big part of what we wanted to talk about today is like prioritization like biggest bang for buck fastest type stuff and you know where we're gonna be able to create a snowball rolling downhill type stuff, you know one Domino at a time so lots of metaphors here. So you know with with that being said Where where do you think we should start what are the things that we should be focusing on and working on first? Yeah, so drop one thing in there before you answer that sure of course because we had a conversation with John Maury about this.

It's recommendation. Well, maybe should I tell you his recommendation before after you answer. Would you like to know what you think? Oh sure. You can tell me his recommendation.

He thinks we we have a lot of because we have so many buyers of SSG. He thinks we need to extend the ongoing follow up to them. Yeah, like you said that the alternating content and offer. Yeah. My only issue is is that that's wonderful.

I want to do that as much as anyone does and producing the access to do that is not something you snap your fingers with so, correct you that's the reality the reality Lucas is that I I don't know if there's any If there is any part of this that is not going to require like the creation of an asset and so right there's no there's no hey, let's bang this out today and then release it tomorrow, you know kind of thing and so while we could talk about, you know, potentially improvements to the the follow-up emails that to me is very incremental. It's not going to create any kind of snowball. And so that is incremental the priority. What what I would tell you is the priority is Is where I would go next right my business my reputation livelihood on the line is where where I would go next is I would and again you got to put this through the filter of what your your error strength. I would roll out a vsl for the backend program, right?

So a different right something different. Now what you have the ability to do is so you got people that go through the back end sequence. You got some people that attend the webinar some people that watch the replay so, you know, you got a bunch of people that that didn't buy and hopefully you heard what it what it is that I said yesterday right that that is that if you look at your buyers what percentage of buyers actually even saw the offer and so you don't want to give up on the offer and immediately go to let's say a mid-tier at this point, right? Because that would be you giving up way too early on the offer. We need to expose a lot more people to the offer and the way that you expose a lot more people to the offer is with one of two ways or a combination and I shared that with you in the video.

The next thing that I would do is I would roll out a different format. And I would deliver the same message with a different format. It's not good to them there. It's not gonna feel like the same thing. You're not promoting the same thing over and over and over again that they resisted you're now sending them to something different to consume the message a different format with a different vibe and a different feel that all leads to the same offer.

I wouldn't duplicate the webinar like in vsl. Like I wouldn't take all your exact slides and duplicate it in there. What I would do is I would take what it is that we just talked about and I would create a video and education based vsl about the value of cell scaling systems and ultimately this three pronged approach with the Evergreen OS and then present the offer and so what you ultimately would do then what I would do. Is I would roll out a what I would do is I would attach to the end of that sequence your your current backend sequence. I would not change that right for right now.

I would not change that. What I would do is then at the end of that for people that haven't bought I would put them into a click sequence where for three days. I would send out emails that are all about the content that you're sharing in the video just published a video that's gonna show you how to write how to grow your business or whatever, right? This is all copy this all messaging stuff. But all it is is to get them to click over to the vsl.

And what's gonna happen dude is that some of the people are gonna go through that campaign and they're not going to click on that at all, right. They're not gonna click on it, right? You'll send out like and I could bring up a campaign a brand new campaign that we're about to roll out and show you this exact format. Oh, right, you're gonna send out an email if they don't click on it. They're gonna get another email the next day right?

We're actually we actually send out two emails a day. So right we start this click sequence. There's a delay in between when they finish the back end sequence. There's a two-day delay. So there's a buffer of two days.

And then right they get they get this they get this click sequence The Click sequence is basically letting them. Hey, there's a new piece of content for you. It's going to tell you XYZ go check it out right two emails a day for three days. If at any point anybody clicks on any of those emails in there, they get taken out of that click sequence and they get put into the conversion sequence for the offer. And now you have an email follow-up sequence specific to the offer right the people that don't click on that sequence.

Ultimately what we're gonna do next. So now right two days after they finished your your first back-end sequence now, there's a click sequence. No, ultimately what we're doing here. What we're doing is your lead generating out of your list. So your lead generating out of your house file, so you're not gonna Hammer everybody with the offer you're only gonna Hammer people about the offer that raise their hand by clicking one of those links to go over to the vsl for the people that go through that click sequence and don't click on any of those right?

Ultimately. What you're gonna do is you're gonna put them into another click sequence after that. There's gonna be a two-day buffer. And then right now you're gonna have something different right? So like for me I have let's say I have an interview that I did with um, Joel irwe, right?

And for three days, I'm letting people know go check this out. Here's what we talk about. Here's what you'll learn. You're gonna eat. Well, I'll make sure that you you go through this so that you see this right the day, right?

And so but and then if they click on that boom, they're in they're in the rest of you if they don't there's a two day delay and then they go into a click sequence for a presentation that I gave right and they're both about the same thing. They're both about the same thing, but it's a different piece of content now, here's a live speech that I gave. Right that where you'll hear X Y and Z and now there's a click sequence for that. And then for the people that don't click on that we do something else. So all we're doing we're taking the same message and we're delivering it in different formats to get more people to raise their hand that didn't originally raise their hand and only when they raise their hand and go over are we then exposing them to the the offer follow-up regard at the end of the offer follow-up if they don't buy they go back into the next click sequence.

And so it's just this chain of Relentless follow-up, but it's not based on the same content. Right. So I I get the structure I get the intention and the strategy and I I love it. And I I want to do it right now. I think the if you sense any overwhelm in me or in anyone else it's that we don't have that stack of content ready to go.

It's you know, the even even that that content like the interview and this and that and what like, we just we don't have that right we've been in the lab over here producing our single campaign and and doing things and and that's been great and obviously now it's time to expand and so we those those are all assets that we're currently missing. The other thing is is that you know at the end of the day we do want to keep our business as simple as we can right so, you know even inside of what we're talking about here like I I could not see having a desire going Beyond three conversion vehicles for this period like ever you know, and so and and just getting really creative with our Hooks and how we use those and where we direct people to them from and things like that. The other thing that I'm a little I'm interested in well to two things one is driving sales in the interim, right? All of this is gonna require iteration and creation and asset all of this and so like assuming that takes weeks, you know, maybe even a month or two right to put something like this together, you know sales have to happen in the meantime. So with that being said one of the things that we notice is last month, we did two webinars, right?

So we did a live one that we promoted only internally and we did like 50 60,000 in sales from that conversion was decent would have been better. If we didn't do the whole stupid hybrid. Here's your full offer and now go apply. Class but so that was good and then we did a bigger one where we had some Partners promote and we did some cold traffic and whatever and so at the end of the month, we had 12 Eva sales 11 out of the 12 were based in the US and 10 out of the 12 had bought simple and scalable groups in June. And June and so, um what that tells us is obviously there's like a hot window, right?

Yeah. They're always this. Yeah, they're always this. Yeah, right and and so one of the things that I'm curious about is in the interim until we have more of these conversion vehicles in place even one more that is yeah live webinars just to our new buyers on what Cadence potentially. Yeah.

Um, I would do I think that you said twice a month every other week. I think it's fine and especially if you're doing a different hook, like right like you have those hooks already man in the in those bullets like you have the hooks there. You know what I mean? All it is is really, you know, the the way to think about it is you're you're you are you're ultimately gonna bring your ultimately gonna take them to the same exact offer. Right?

And so that you're just gonna repurpose from webinar to webinar. Um, but you're just changing up the hook and the theme and So right like you know this idea of how do you how do you sell High ticket without a sales floor? That's a great hook. I know that that's a great hook right? Like that's a great hook because a lot of people want to do that.

And so that's a different angle. What I wouldn't do is right so don't default to the same language and the same Hook and the same things that you've talked about like scaling and freedom like you gotta now you have to have a different hook. Now you can like meaning this is how to you know, how to generate High ticket sales every day without a sales floor without any phone calls now ultimately in there you're gonna talk about the freedom, right and what but you have to start with a different hook you so that to them it feels like a different piece of content the fact that in the end you're going with the same offers totally fine. And I think that that's great man. If you guys are you guys are obviously good at webinars.

And so in the meantime, I would do it I would do I would do a webinar you create the slide like the the first chunk of the slide deck. That's what you're right. It's the it's the hook the first chunk of the slide deck. You're ultimately gonna repurpose the same exact offer the same exact language with some slight TW baby based on the wacky model and And um and and I would do that as it relates to I just want to go back for one second. So as it relates to the you don't have the content to to do this, you know to do this kind of kind of thing.

Um, You know. I get it you don't right and that's that's the nature of the beast, but also don't overthink it like the neck like I would tell you you want a great piece of content like a great piece of content get on Zoom with Jim and have gym interview you and don't prepare for it. And just have Jim interview That's it man record it. Don't prepare for it don't review notes. Don't come with scripted lines.

Just get on Zoom record schedule it for next week. Get on Zoom have them interview. You boom. Now. You got a piece of content.

Now you got a piece of content that you can roll out next right? Here's a candid interview that I did with my partner right where we talked about these right? Bullet bullet bullet bullet bullet. Go check it out. This is probably the most candid interview I've ever done like boom click over there.

Boom. And now what you can do is right then what you do is I would don't even do a call to action at the end of that right? Just how you have a button that says, would you like to learn how to implement Evergreen OS in your business? Boom pop up enter your email and that could be the start of the sequence that leads to the rest of the process. That's it.

I like it that's creative. We definitely need to get more creative with our content Creation in terms of like the the aunt like the twice a month live webinars specifically we're talking about just marketing those to new SSG buyers. So, um, my thought was that we seeing as it's new people wouldn't need a new hook every time wouldn't need new content every time and that was part of the attraction behind it. So for efficiency sake we can make we can start making some of the edits that you suggested right dialing it in get and getting some data on improving that right. I think that it's a it's a temporary, you know, it's a temporary like sales generation play right because we're Limited in terms of the amount of new SSG buyers.

You're getting every 14 day period with that. So there's only gonna be so many people that you you've gotten only so many people that you're gonna get to watch it only so many of those people that are gonna they're gonna hear the offer so, you know, you're you're Limited, I I certainly like look, you know, just because you're experience up to this point. You have to be careful Lucas that just because you're experience up to this point has been that The majority of people that bought were new SSG buyers that doesn't mean that there aren't other people on your house file that aren't gonna buy. right like and so you know, yeah, so I I I'm fine with you doing the twice a month for new SSG buyers. I just it's got to be a temporary thing because they're right.

You have a small quantity of people that were talking about here thousand percent. So totally on the same page, I don't have any desire to do to it, but there's a month for more than maybe two or three months. Anyway, this is just like a stop Gap to having the better systems in place, right? And so for me, that's like a we know when we get on webinars, especially people that have bought SSG recently we make sales. So let's do what we know works that sort of like what you know, let me ask you another question.

So you've got the the sales page that you you use right? And so have you ever tested I'm just curious because depending on your answer will I'll tell you something else that you can do to make the whole new content very very simple. Have you ever tested sending people directly to the sales page? No webinar um The current version of it with the ability to enroll directly now. Okay.

So, you know one of the things to think about and this is I don't want to call this low hanging fruit because the reality is is that there's often, you know, there's often very little low-hanging fruit in most businesses. That's the reality and so I don't want to make it sound easier than what it really is. But if you if you had a dedicated sales page where like somebody could read over, you know what they get and then and then if you wanted right they got to then fill out the application, you know to see the prize or whatever or maybe maybe you guys you continue with your model, right? You have a sales page and then they fill out the the application see then what you can do Lucas is you can very easily create little pieces of content talking about like even just a little video of you 10 15 minutes talking about one aspect of Of the Evergreen. Oh OS right, maybe one part of it, right and you at the right you just give education building value and then at the end right at the end no offer.

All you do is you have a button appears that says, you know, tell me more about how I can Implement Evergreen OS in my business when they click that button there is oh an opt-in form or a step one as we call it. Once they enter their email they go over to the sales page the moment that they fill out that step one and go over to the sales page that they now should be in a conversion sequence to convert them. And so see what you have is now you can have you get on you get on next week with Jim you guys do an interview right candidate interview for 40 minutes blah blah the best no offer in the end button appears. Yes. I'd love to learn how to implement Evergreen OS click pop up enter their email.

That's step one right step one. Boom. They're now put into a conversion sequence for The people that go over and watch that video and don't enter step one. No big deal next. We expose them to your one-off video where you're you're in a totally different context right where you're just and then just rolling boom.

They same thing at the end button want to learn how to implement Evergreen OS pop up. And so don't think that you don't always need these full-blown via cells scripted to the nines, right? You should have those right but you that's not the only piece of content that you can you can use some of our best converting content where things that were recorded that we're created with no intention of promoting like you could actually take another great piece of thing one of the things if you have a recording of an evergreen OS session where you like a chunk of the recording where you are like, you're really building the value around what these people just learn like let's say the last session where you're like now you guys know this and you're able to do this and you've got this installed and this installed in this install. That's the beauty of the Evergreen boom, you take that bad boy, and now you have a piece of content where you say, I want to give you a sneak peek behind the scenes of this system that we teach our highest level clients go check it out. pop up sales letter right Yeah, so love that and it just sort of clicked for me to zoom in more, you know, like the the and you can't can easily come in all kinds of different angles just from zooming in more right?

The the thirty thousand foot view of here is the whole system and the three things and like you can only say that so many times you can zoom in and talk about any piece in any amount of depth lots of times. So there's it's great. And so a couple quick things the are we okay on time. I know we're a little bit. Yeah, you're good.

I think Glenda had just let me see here. So yeah roll with it. I have five more minutes but roll with it. Yeah, um, so prioritization in the back and so I'm hearing, you know, let's let's get the webinar dialed in we're gonna obviously get that too and Evergreen State at some point. One of the things that you've talked about and John has been absolutely begging us for pleading for Is a campaign that we can do to cold traffic?

That's that's lead gen focused driving to an application for EBA and so obviously an evergreen webinar would fit that that description and I'm open to that. I would do that after. You build out at least a couple pieces at least a little bit of an extension on the backend campaign. That's me personally. Okay.

so you always want to make sure like, this is the reality the reality is you always once you once you've got your first customer acquisition campaign in place you then want to build out the back end. You don't want it. You don't attempt to scale a business until you've got the back end built out. Yeah. Right because the back end is what's gonna feed the front end.

Right, like in other words. If you start trying to scale the front end to prematurely you're gonna be handcuffed based on what it is that you can spend to get a customer and so right if we're if we're dumping new customers into a highly inefficient model, then we're handcuffing ourselves on both sides. And so you want to make sure that when we get a buyer right that we are maxing maxing out the monetization of those buyers and so I would at least add, you know, at least please add, you know, two more pieces of content, even if they're off the fly pieces of content to extend to give yourself another, you know, one two more swings of the bat on the back end then you can go to the front end. What about the vs on the thank you page. You mentioned that that still seems pretty important.

But thank you page for when they buy SSG. Yeah, I mean look, I would as I said in my video I would have a I would personally have a dedic i, this is what the right way to do. This is an on-camera video and it doesn't have to be but in on camera video and the video picks up where they just left off and attaches EBA to SSG, like where right there has to be this there has to be this connection for for people to feel like this is the next necessary step you want you don't want them to feel like this is something else and this is optional you want them to feel like now that you've got this right the next step for you is this and I want to give you an opportunity to get it right now boom back. So that's so to me that video right? This is where you got to be careful that you're not repurposing a video from one.

context to another and so right like to me it felt like there was no mention of SSG on that on that video. I would on the thank you page. I would immediately start off, you know. Congratulations. Great job you made a smart decision to get SSG.

Now what this is gonna do for you is X and Y and Z and you are gonna be on the road to Freedom. Now many people just like you that go through SSG. They tell me they want to know how do they grow this thing big and how do they grow it fast? Well, the answer is what we call Evergreen OS I want to tell you about it right now. I want to tell you how it works and I want to give you the chance right to put it to work for you using SSG blah and then boom right?

And so it's totally tied and totally feels like the next congruent step for them. Yeah. And it sounds like you're from what you shared before that ascent and Ascension off for like we talked about in Florida like a mid-tier 500 to 2000 is not. That our next step right now. That's like a later.

No like so that's where what I would do is I would certainly um, I would what what you can do, right because the question the question of when is the appropriate time to do a mid-tier and I don't there is no right answer or there is no one answer for that. What I would say is when right like look I would tell you that what you ultimately want to do is you ultimately want to build out additional pieces of content to extend the back end offer and then like Lucas. You said you don't really want more than Three conversion vehicles for this campaign. Well, okay fine fair enough. So, you know, I would put those additional two conversion vehicles in place and then at the end of that bad boy, that's when I would drop down to to the to the mid tier.

Now. Here's the thing to understand recognize this that when you use the click and conversion sequences together, right that the reality is that people can make it to the mid-tier offer fairly quickly. Right, like in other words fairly quickly. So it's not like they're going the people that never expressed interest in the in the interview between you they're never gonna see the conversion sequence. They're never gonna get hammered.

They're never gonna be brought to the to the sales page, right and then they're gonna get you know, three days of emails about you're off the cough kind of realization of the fastest way to scale you were sitting in your office. You popped open your iPhone and you decided to record it and blah blah and three days later. They don't get it. Boom. Now.

They're exposed to the mid tier offer. right Okay. Does that make sense? Is that help? It does it's it's a lot.

It's a lot all that what is a lot and so what a digest and and and you know filter and and plan and what have you but I think it's it's great. And so if we could just get you know, Glenda to send us a recording of this would be I'll have her do that before I leave. I'll have her send that that's send that to you guys. She'll slack if you guys um, you know, just I want to leave you with this just You know two things. and Ponder this number one is right is it's rather simple that we need to give people.

We need to expose more people to the offer before we move on to a different offer and different modalities different delivery vehicles different hooks attract different people. So it's not an indication, right? If you're converting call it let's just say one out of 10 that is not an indication that nine of those people are not interested. Right? That's not an indication that that's not you could pull out another two or three people from that 10 from a different conversion vehicle a different hook, right?

And so you don't want to give up on the offer too quickly. You want to make you want to give people more opportunities to buy before you move on. The second thing is that you can start with one right one additional if it's the video interview between you guys click sequence three three days of emails. Like are you interested like teaser kind of emails for the content? Right?

They like it's a very Simple setup so start with one because you can always go back in and then attach the next one, right attach the next one and those people are gonna be just waiting there for you when you attach the next one boom, then they're gonna go into it. So one at a time, that's all don't be thinking about we need this crazy sequence of one at a time put it in there. live Cool, see how it does see what's going on. We'll do one more cool. Okay.

Now it's time to do the the mid tier. Oh pop that bad boy. Okay. Got it. Thank you.

All right, you got you guys are out of here having amazing weekend. Keep your eye out for the recording in just a little bit and then we'll go from there. Okay. Alright. Thank you guys.
