---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-10-04 16:00:21"
date: 2023-10-04
duration: 1h 1m
duration_seconds: 3679
vimeo_id: 871165156
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-10-04 16:00:21

**Date:** 2023-10-04 | **Duration:** 1h 1m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up guys? Hey. Hey. Morning. Hey, hey.

Good to see you, Damien. What's up buddy? What's up gentlemen? How are you? Good, Damien.

Good, good, good. So Lucas, I'm gonna let you steer the ship since I know, uh, I gave you a bunch to think about. Why don't you give, if possible, Damien, in your words, a quick kind of two minute overview of the, the context of the conversation, this conversation? Sure. So there, so there were two parts to the, to the previous sort of back and forth I had with Todd.

Um, and one was just sort of updating on our front end. So, uh, we had, uh, our, our, our front end product, simple and scalable groups. We'd had a great funnel it run for over, you know, two plus years run in 6,500 plus customers with that funnel did great. Uh, but it petered out and we ended up with, you know, just returning, you know, diminishing returns on that campaign. And so we rebuilt that this summer and it's now kind of from a a O V perspective, uh, it's kind of killing it right now.

Um, you know, we more than doubled our A O V and the updated the campaign. Our acquisition cost is kind of the same. So, uh, really it's a media problem. Um, we're we're aware of that, Todd agrees. And so, uh, we're actively working on that, have been working on that.

We'll have that addressed. Um, but anyhow, we feel pretty good about that. That's not really the main topic of the conversation today, but that's a quick update there. Um, the real thing that I wanna talk about is a change in our offer suite that we're considering making. Um, and uh, really it is strictly an offer and offer suite sort of conversation.

Um, we're pretty, uh, confident in our ability to, to market and sell when we've got the right offer in place. Um, I'm not really concerned about our ability to sell the right thing, it's that we're selling the right thing that I'm wanting to discuss. And so that's, That's pause. That was a bit like a riddle. Can you state that a little more clearly please?

Yeah. So, um, I'm not really concerned about what the marketing funnel looks like for this offer that we're, that we're looking to talk about, which is our, our main coaching program, right? We've had evergreen business, et cetera. I know you've heard about it, it's $15,000. Um, and so, uh, really what I wanna talk about is, is how we're positioning and pricing that and sort of packaging it.

Um, and I think it's actually really important, Todd, to show you the presentation just very briefly of Evergreen business, et cetera, as it was on Evergreen compared to when we've sold it recently. Because I actually, I hadn't looked at it in a while, and when I went back and I looked at it, I was like, no f*****g wonder this thing didn't sell that well recently on Evergreen. Like the offer presentation is s**t, Right? Okay. Um, and so, you know, like I I think part of the issue is offer presentation, at least when it comes to the evergreen conversion.

Um, but, uh, I think one of the things that we talked about with Todd, uh, is that about 16 months or so ago, we got a recommendation from somebody that we really, uh, respect to increase the price of Evergreen Business Accelerator from 9,500 or basically a thousand dollars a month to $15,000 a year or 1600 a month. Um, and since we've done that, we've noticed that our conversion has decreased on the offer. But in the process of doing so, again, like I think that prob the more I've had an opportunity to sort of mold this over and look at, look back at some of the assets and things, I've realized that we kinda increased the price without, um, meaningfully improving the offer presentation. And I think that that came to sort of a, a problem where we were probably sort of skating by at the $9,500 price point with the offer presentation that we had at the time, and then coming into a $15,000 pre, uh, you know, offer with a meh Okay. Kind of presentation was just not cutting it.

Um, and so, so Damien, to give a little bit of additional context, so Evergreen Business Accelerator is their high ticket program for the majority of of the time it was 9,500. Um, you know, that these guys don't use any kind of inside sales, um, department, uh, with setters or anything like that. Uh, and they, uh, they upped the price to, to 15 grand, correct me if I'm mistaken, Lucas, if I remember correctly, but it was originally pitched at, they, they want, he wanted you to raise it to 25,000 and you guys settled at 15,000, um, then kind of conversions just fell off the, the, the, the cliff, so to speak. Mm-hmm. Hmm.

And so basically, uh, a a a, a big part of this discussion is that there were people that purchased Evergreen Business Accelerator at the $15,000 price point. And l Lucas and Jim want to really now roll back to the $9,500 price point, but from an integrity perspective, they don't feel comfortable just rolling it right out as is at the 9,500 since people are paying upwards of 17,000 on the, Is that the issue, Lucas? Is that part of the issue or one of the big issues? That Is the big part of the issue is, is, you know, do we rebrand this offer and do well? Do we change the price?

And then, you know, to what, in, in what way should we reposition The offer? How, how many people, how many people bought it at the 1517 K price point? Uh, somewhere in the neighborhood of like, huh? Between the two launches? I mean, we've had four or five sales, um, organically and we probably had another 15 or so from the launches, right?

I mean, that's just this year. Uh, we had At the current, at the new price, at the new test price point, though This year is the only time it's been 15 k It was, I'm not, We changed it middle of last, not not middle, but I Understand Third's the way through the, through the year. We did a live promotion toward, you know, the fall of last year. And we got about, let's say roughly 10 ish to buy at that time. And then we had a couple more buyers before the end of the year.

So it's somewhere in the realm of 30 to 40. Um, I think that's like the total, since we changed the price, we Have not sold. Okay. Anyway, it's fine. We have not sold that many E B A in the past year.

If we had, we wouldn't be having this discussion. I don't think it's that many. I'll, I'll pull the numbers, but anyway. Okay. Yeah, let's get Its a substantial Number, Jim.

Yeah, I just pull the, pull the numbers. Let's let the numbers tell the story. Okay. Um, you know, the reason I'm asking that is because, right, as, as businesses that are alive, growing, scaling, like we always have to make decisions going forward. And so even if you said, Hey, we sold 10 people, we sold 10,000 people, at the end of the day, we have to figure out what's best for the business.

And if that means we have to reposition, if that means we have to do a make good for the people that bought at a higher price point to make sure we feel good about it for, like, we'll figure that part out. But that's really secondary to like, what does the business need to thrive? Like that's what we need to focus on. And so, yeah. Well, Let me throw out one other thing that, um, Lucas had mentioned just so again, to complete the context was that what Lucas was thinking was to take Evergreen Business Accelerator and to take out, um, to take out the, the, to, to kind of repackage Evergreen Business Accelerator as scalable business accelerator without the high touch points of business, uh, uh, evergreen Business Accelerator, so that they have a new offer that stands on its own that's rebranded without creating anything new.

Kind of like if we pulled out pieces of E five coaching, we took out the coaching, we took out calls or whatnot, and we repackaged it, renamed it, and rolled It out into would, and would that offer offer less than the original $9,500 version that was being sold before last fall? Uh, in a sense, yes, but I mean, basically what I, what the, the idea is like in some capacity, shape or form, there's almost always been an opportunity to get at least one private call, uh, with Evergreen Business Accelerator. And so thinking completely just taking all private anything completely off the table, um, and the repositioning of this and then, um, uh, you know, I don't know exactly what else we would pull from the offer to be frank. Um, and I'm not necessarily concerned about pulling additional things from the offer because I want it to be an amazing offer both for Yeah. New buyers and and old, right?

And so frankly, if we add more value into this and we're just giving it to the people that have already bought E B A, you know, I I, and maybe we extend their term or whatever, like we can make it good, we can make good with them. I'm not really worried too much about that. I wanna make this as strong an offer as it can possibly be. And so Lucas, to kind of boil it down is what, what is the, if I can kind of try to move you into a position, what, what is the main kind of question that you would love to get clarity on, on this call so that Damien can really understand the direction that we're going in? I think I, I think the, the main thing that I wanna know is do we change the price?

'cause that's really the, the, the inflection point of like whether or not we need to change the positioning or the branding of the program. So roll, rolling back to the original 9,500 price. Correct? That's the current thought. So, so what can I know, Jim's, Jim, did you pull that data yet?

Pulling It? Okay, so while Jim's pulling that, so, so you said that it didn't convert or conversions dropped off the cliff, but obviously, you know, uh, not always, but it's not unusual to see conversion rate drop when we increased price. But did the decrease in conversion rate, was it not offset by the increase in price? 'cause obviously conversion rate can drop by 33% and you'd still be, you know, again, would you rather service less clients at a higher point or more clients at a lower point? Typically less clients at a higher point.

But it sounds like, Jim, you're, you're intuiting that it did not Well know ba based on the, the revenue that it did not For sure. Yeah. And what was, remind me again, other than the fact that it sounded exciting to say, Hey, we should up our prices, which sometimes it is the right thing to do. Was there any other, the economics were working before, correct? Well, the input, Well, the, the impetus behind increasing the price was to improve the margins in the business overall.

Because at the time, all we had was our front end and E B A. And so what we were trying to do is increase the profit we could extract from the business by selling, you know, more or less at a net positive, you know, maybe not necessarily more of E B A, but more dollars out of E B A, because that was our only backend at the time. Right. So I, I, I wanna let, I wanna let Damien ponder the question for a second and I wanna let him answer the question and then I wanna, I wanna jump in, but I want to give him the opportunity to answer the question that you asked about, you know, the changing the price point, blah, blah, blah. Before I, I, I take us in a slightly different direction.

I'm not sure to, to clarify or to help Damien. So I, I'm not sure is, is the question that you're asking, should we change the, should we change the price? Like, is that the question two part? Um, well, the, the number one question is yes, should we change the price? Um, and I, I think in order to answer that question, we have to kind of evaluate a little bit the offer presentation between how we were presenting it, uh, where we weren't seeing the conversion that we wanted as opposed to recently, because we've recently significantly improved the offer presentation in the live, uh, sort of, uh, promotions that we've done.

And those promotions have done pretty well. Um, and it it really like that that wasn't, those were not necessarily a concern. It was just a question of we couldn't get the volume that we wanted because all we've had are these two live promotions. So, so I have, I have my advice. So to hang on, to be clear, just to unpack this a little bit more, so to be clear, prior, what made you raise the price from 9,500 to the 15 grand?

I know you said was to increase the overall margin in the business, but ultimately from a marketing performance perspective, it was that you, because you were doing two live promotions a year, you weren't able to get the volume of E B A buyers into the business. And so ultimately what you wanted to do was make the E B A offer evergreen, um, to get the volume where it needs to be. Is that correct? Not quite. Okay.

So Prior to increasing the price, we would do occasional webinars like two to three a year, right? Um, and we also had our evergreen funnel. Both were working, albeit we would've always loved more, but both were working and working pretty consistently. Um, and our, more importantly, at the time, our conversion rate was much higher than it has been. Uh, you know, I would say it's, it's kind of hard to be clear about this because there've been a, a number of events that have occurred over the last 16 months that have sort of impacted how it's performed at various points.

Um, but, uh, the, the most important thing is that when we increased the price from 9,500 to 15,000, what really kind of stopped working as well. I mean, and, and that where conversion sort of flew off the cliff was on Evergreen. But I wanna point out something that I think is pretty important that I've only just realized in the last 48 hours, is that the offer presentation on Evergreen was s**t. And we, well Hold a sec, pause. Pause.

I appreciate the self-awareness and self-deprecating language, but when you say it was, it was bad, I thought you just changed the price. We did. We only changed the price, but we didn't, so You changed the price, you did the same exact pitch, but you had a bad day and just pitched like garbage. Is that what you're saying? Because you said the offer presentation, which suggests to me that the offer presentation, all that changed, That has since changed.

We've changed that, but it never changed on Evergreen. So when we've done live promotions this year, we've seen, we've upgraded the offer and the offer presentation, and we've seen higher conversion inside of those live promotions, but we've ha we've not upgraded the Evergreen at all. So the Evergreen, But when the Evergreen was running at the, when you upped it to the new price point, it was running before at the 9,500 Evergreen and it was working, correct? Yes. With, with effectively the same offer and offer presentation that did not, So the, the same exact offer presentation, except instead of saying for 9,500 for 15,000, like, that's the only thing that changed.

I mean, there were other tweaks, but they weren't significant tweaks. Okay. So when you're saying it was garbage, you're saying it's always been garbage, but now you think that it's at a higher price point now it's that much more obvious that it's a week offer presentation In the last year, in large part. Thanks to you guys, my standards for what an offer and the presentation of it looks like has significantly shifted. So yes.

Okay. It looks like s**t now. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I, I'll I'll tell you right now, and thank you, Jim, for posting up those numbers. So it's, you know, it's 22 sales of E B A and two of them have Defaulted, Right?

Um, look, you know, we've had a lot of conversations, Jim, you and I have had a lot of conversations just about the overall fiscal direction of the business, um, and stuff like that. And so as a, a partner, right? As a, as a non propagating partner of the business, my recommendation is right now you don't have the luxury of variables in the business, right? We need to stabilize and gain velocity in the business. And so this idea of saying, well, maybe if we made the offer better, we could sell a 15 k maybe this, maybe that, like the fact of the matter is we had something that was working by all means, uh, it might have been the price point.

Um, we could certainly split test that price point with a better offer stack and presentation and see if we can improve that. Uh, but right now, like the last thing I would wanna do is say, Hey man, 15 K sounds sweet, let's stick to it. And then, uh, three months from now, you guys are still not seeing the conversions and it's causing a cash issue in the business. The other thing is, you used a word Lucas that really kind of set off an alarm for me was you said that we occasionally did webinars for E B A, right? You said, oh yeah, we, we occasionally did.

Like, it was sort of very nonchalant, almost spur of the moment, like that it wasn't an intentional strategic maneuver. And so, can you help me understand that more? I mean, it was always strategic when we did it. We, we, we never half-assed anything that we did, but I'll say that, um, the, the frequency of doing it came down to lack of bandwidth. Um, because again, we didn't half-ass it.

So when we did these things, it wasn't like some slap up a page and see what happens. It was f*****g do it, you know, like we were doing it for real, Right? And it was, Lucas, correct me if I'm mistaken, but it was, I mean, look, doing it call it two times a year was what your bandwidth allowed for. I think we probably, And it was meant to supplement, it was meant to supplement the Evergreen. The whole point was that the Evergreen was supposed to be standing on its own, Right?

And, and to be clear, the Evergreen was doing its job at that time, time at 9,500, at $9,500 price point. It was working, it was getting sales every single month. And we were, we were liking what we were seeing. And so the webinars were more like a top it up, boost it mm-hmm. Get additional, you know?

And so like, that wasn't like, we weren't living and dying by, you know mm-hmm. Doing another webinar. Right. And then, just to be clear, I just wanna make sure that I completely understand. And so it went from working the marketing, the campaign, the Evergreen campaign went from working at 9,500 to not working At 15,000, basically.

Yes. Okay. And so are you, is your belief that if it was back at 9,500, that it would continue to work? Um, Yes. So in other words, the only, the only reason why you ultimately raised the price was because you wanted to increase the margin in the business.

It wasn't because conversions were, were starting to dip. It wasn't because response was going down. None of that stuff changed. All of the, the everything was performing well, you raised the price because that was your attempt to increase the margin in the business. And so do you believe that if you went back to what the campaign was before that it would continue to work?

Um, And if not, why? I don't think that we could, with the changes in the market today, I don't think that we could go back to exactly the same campaign that we had before. So there would need to be tweaks and we're, we're sort of, you know, preparing for that, if you will. Mm-hmm. But that price point, absolutely.

I think that we could sell that price point, no question. Yeah. Okay. And I would agree that just to go, to go back to Damien before, before we go back to Damien, I would agree, I don't, you know, to me, price point is never the issue when it comes to the evolution of a market. It's just what the market will pay that price p point for.

So right. There was a time when the market would pay a certain price point for certain products that they won't pay anymore for those types of products. So the price point is never the issue. It's just a matter of what, what do they want? What will they pay that price point for?

So, but go, excuse me. Go ahead, Damien. No, that, that's it. That's, that's what I have so far. Um, is, is my, my judgment would be to go back to the original price point.

And So Lucas, how does that, is that, how does that sit with you? Uh, sits fine to me. Um, I mean it's, it's, it's kind of what we've mentally prepared for at this point. Yeah. My only concern is a, is is really just how do we, okay, two, two concerns.

One, we have a lot of brand stuff built around E B A. In fact, we just recently did it this year. We had logo designed, we had a, uh, we redid all the brand assets around it. We built this whole new portal. Um, so everything e b a needs to be redone.

Um, why graphically, which isn't Why, I don't understand why If we're doing a new product with a new name, it needs to be all Of that. Nobody, nobody talked about that. We just talked about going back to the original price point. No. Well, Jim is referring to, if we go with the idea of, um, of scalable business accelerator instead of Evergreen business accelerator due to the people that purchased at the 15 K price point.

Yeah, I think that would be a mistake. Like, I'd rather figure out if we have to extend their enrollment and whatever, and just say, Hey, yeah. So that's my concern is how to manage those people. That's my, those two, The two things. Yeah.

So I, I like, here's, like, this is the thing. I've learned this, it was an expensive, expensive lesson I learned multiple times early on in my online journey, is that sometimes we just think like, oh yeah, man, I'm in the winner circle and if I tweak this, this, I'll still be in the winner circle. It'll still work. And sometimes there are just so many un intangibles that you just don't know why, and you can't, you sometimes you just can't figure out why it worked, why it did it work. But the point is that it worked.

And so I'm just very concerned that all of a sudden we go back to 9,500 and we change the name and we tweak the offer, and then it doesn't work again. And then what we're like another emergency's emergency call going like, oh, crud now, now the backend's not working to me. I'd much rather figure out how to take care of those people who paid at a higher price point, whether it's saying, Hey, you know, guys, we decided, uh, you know, coming into the new year, a lot of people have economic hardships and we're committed to entrepreneurs. So we're gonna be rolling back to original pricing since you invested at a higher price, what we're doing is we're gonna honor and extend your enrollment for a bonus four months, because we wanna see you hit these, da da da da. We're gonna also be doing some other special stuff.

Like there are different ways to handle it. Yeah. That's just off the cuff, I'm sure, you know, come with something, you know, far more polished. I Like that a lot better than completely starting from the ground up and building something new. Yeah.

I That's, that's gonna take us so much time. Yeah. And, and then what happens is then we're like, we're not promoting, we're, how about like, yeah, I mm-hmm. I, I, I see the wisdom in that and I'm open to doing it. And I appreciate that, that train of thought.

Um, I am extremely hesitant for a couple of reasons, which I'll explain to roll back the same offer with the same name, the same, you know, sort Different deliverables. But it's not, it's not materially different deliverables. And it wouldn't be even, But you're saying it is materially enough different if it's a different program name. And I don't think just changing the name makes it materially different. Um, it's the question of perception, not necessarily reality, right?

Well, you can create perception in lots of ways. I think, let me jump in for one second and just say this, and this is not gonna help at this moment, but this is more really of, and I, and I get it, you know, Lucas, I totally get it. Damien knows I'm a stickler for, I always, I wanna do the right thing, always. I wanna take care of the people that, uh, you know, invest the most with us always. Um, but this is more of a preference decision for you guys to discuss because there is no one right answer here.

This is right. Like, there is no one right answer. This is a preference. If you lined up 12 people, you could likely get 12 different answers here. And that's to show you that, right?

Like, you, you, you know, the, the old right Damian, like, you can't google this question and get a definitive answer because it is a preference based question. And so, um, I think, look, I, I think that's for you and Jim to decide. I think, look, I, I get it and I would wanna take care of my people, you know, as well. And I would either figure out how to mean integrity by rolling out a different product or by taking care of those people one or the one or the other. But I think that that's a preference decision between you and Jim.

There is no one right answer. I I, I would, would, I would agree when we, we, when we, when we take it on its face like that. However, the part that I think makes it less subjective and slightly more objective or could maybe make it more objective is what are the advantages that being able to rebrand this might bring to us other than just allowing us to change the price. One is we have the new offer effect, right? We take an offer that has been out for, you know, nearly three years now that has been seen and seen and seen and seen and seen by our audience.

And we now have something new to talk about. It's not an entirely new message, but it's a new presentation. It's a new offer, it's a new invitation. Um, not, but we can do That by leading it differently too. We can have a different webinar, we can have a different angle.

There's a lot of things we could do. It's Not the same, Jim, trust me, it's not the Same. It's, I don't have to trust you 'cause I don't agree with you. I think it's a different thing. I think it's different.

We, it's a difference of opinion. There's no trust and it's not about trust. It's like your opinion is that that's more important. I'm really bought into the idea that it's, you know, a lot of work to redo this and that we're changing so many variables at once. We're not gonna know what's working.

Is it the price? Is it the name, is it the completely new marketing? The, the, the part of the fear that I have guys too is like, listen, I don't wanna take this from an, from an annual program to a six month program or whatever. And that's the only way that I can see doing this in integrity, uh, number one by, by decreasing the price, and not just in integrity, but without creating doubt in our market and in our audience that we don't have the confidence and the value of what we're bringing to the table. But I think gaming just gave a good positioning statement for how it would be like, you know, we're, yeah, but Our market's not stupid.

I mean, you could also roll out legitimately, Lucas, well, our market's Not stupid to see a new offer and think, oh, it's completely different. It's worth only a third one third less, come on, audience is stupid. They're, they're, they're stupid, or they're not stupid. One or the other. You could also, Lucas legitimately, 'cause this is done, right, you see this all the time.

You could also legitimately roll out, you know, e b a 2.0, right? Like, you, you see Jeff Walker do that yearly. You see Ryan Leve do that, you know, he was doing that, you know, he did that five years in a row. You certainly could, you know, you certainly could do that. Um, just throwing that out there.

But I, I wanna, I wanna just throw something out that out, you know, that I would kick myself if I, if I didn't Go ahead. Damien, did you wanna say something? No, no. Okay. I'm sorry.

Um, uh, that I, I mentioned on the video, and I think that this is really, really important for you that, you know, I think that I would highly encourage you to you guys, Jim and Lucas, to really take a step back and stop just thinking about ultimately what you wanna sell and what you've created already and what assets you have, and start looking at the marketplace and start looking at what the marketplace values, what value they put on certain solutions, certain types of solutions, certain types of offers. And, um, and really if you're gonna re-engineer anything, I don't mean create something from scratch, but when, when you re-engineer, you wanna re-engineer from that perspective. You don't wanna be married to anything that you've done or created. You don't wanna hold on tight to positioning that you had. If it's not the right positioning going forward.

Like Damien said, we've gotta look forward not back. Sometimes you've gotta recognize that there are great products that serve their purpose for a specific period of time in their current form, and they've run their lifespan. And now it's time to evolve to re-engineer based on what the market wants, I believe wholeheartedly. And you take this with a total grain of salt, but like I said, I would kick myself if I didn't say this emphatically to you guys, that I believe that the marketplaces less value today, significantly less value today on general marketing coaching programs they, than they did years ago for the three reasons that I shared with you on that video, Lucas. And so, you know, the idea to me of, you know, first of all, you are already attempting to do something in your marketing that I think is, um, it takes significant skill, which is, and I tip my hat to you guys for this, which is selling at a high ticket price point without an inside sales department.

So you're already playing a game that requires really high le a high level of chops, and now, and, and you're, you're, you're marketing and selling a product at that top tier game, right? To a market that really is beginning to view coaching programs from a marketing perspective as more and more of a commodity. And so you are much better off sitting back and asking yourself the question of, if I want, like, I love the way that you were thinking I $15,000, uh, uh, a 15 K program would absolutely change the margins in the business. But the right question to ask, or the right way to ask the question is not can we sell what it is that we're currently doing at 15 K, but what would the market pay 15 K for? What would they value for 15 K?

What would they desperately want for 15 k? What would they see as a total no-brainer from a 15 K perspective? And I would say that that is, is not at all, certainly without an inside sales department that is not at all a general marketing related coaching program. Not today, not anymore. And so I think that you just need to realize that if you continue to play that game, you are, you're, you're playing a very rough game and that game is only going to get tougher and tougher to play.

I completely agree with you. And it's for all of those reasons that I think a repositioning, not just of the message, but of the offer itself, will serve us in more ways than one. Um, I think it is a convenient time for us to do that in part, in large part because we also want to change the price. And here's the good news. If we do this at any point in the future, be it a month later or 18 months later, or 1800 months later, we can increase the price to whatever the hell we want and test that, you know, I'm not concerned about can we get back to the price point or whether 15,000 is sellable or not.

The point is, is we want to get back to something that works. And so, uh, in order to do that, I think that not only do we need to consider what is the price point, but I think the offer and the offer presentation and the message does need to change. And I think that this, we Just, just to pause for a second, lemme just pause. This is important. I, Todd and I have had a couple conversations about this and I've talked about it in top one is there is this, like, obviously, you know, I've made all my businesses built my life on copy and direct response and being able to do those things and figure that stuff out.

Um, but there's a, there's a, a devilish side on the other part of it, which is when we say, well, it's, you know, the offer presentation did, it's actually like a lot of times, like with direct response markers, we've forgotten. Like it actually is about coming up with a solution. Like actually not just saying like, oh, well dude, instead of having like three calls, there'll be two zooms and we'll send them notes in the mail and like, we'll make it really sexy. Like, it's not about that. It's actually about coming up with a more valuable, more effective solution.

Not about just saying, Hey, this is what we do, man, we really gotta take this offer up to the next level and trying to solve the issue. It's not about trying to solve the issue with marketing. That's, that's the point, right? It's really about saying, man, let me look at what people want, what their problem is. You know, what our success rates were been.

How would I change that? How would I increase our success rate by 50%? How would I get more people to wins faster? How would I condense the success timeline for these people? Reduce the amount of work, reduce the likelihood of failure, and offer a superior solution, not a superior offer presentation, a superior solution.

I, I think, look, I, I, I think, and then, you know, uh, I'm gonna throw, you know, I may throw a monkey wrench in this whole thing. What Damien said is absolutely spot on. I could not agree with him more. You know, Lucas, I was very, I was picking up on, I didn't say anything, but I was picking up on, you know, when you said a couple times the offer presentation, right? The offer presentation, the offer presentation.

And what I was thinking was, but what about the offer itself, right? It's not just about a matter of improving how we present the offer. It's a matter impro of improving the offer by first improving the solution that we're, we're providing. And so I, I think that what Damien just said to me, aligns more Lucas with the direction that you're going in, believe it or not, and you're thinking, and for me personally, right? And I know, look, you're, you're getting a glimpse.

I wanted Damien here because Damien and I usually have vastly different perspectives, and it's great to hear both perspectives and to take nuggets often, you know, uh, uh, um, from each, but I tend to lean in your direction, Lucas, which is that what, what I don't wanna see happen to you, what, what I don't wanna see happen to you is I don't wanna see you continue to try to tweak the marketing, um, in an attempt to fix what's not really a marketing issue, but is more of a solution, offer issue that is properly in alignment with where the market is today. And so for me, I would tell you that even if you were going to just roll back the price on E D A, I would still tell you that I, I don't, I don't, I don't know what your, your, your 12 month revenue goal is, profit goal is, but I can tell you that if you want to be able to scale significantly, we need to fix what wasn't really producing adequately before, right? It was okay, it was bringing in money, right? But if you guys really wanna scale the business and you wanna get to 3, 4, 5 plus million dollars a year, things need to significantly change. And I would say that there is an opportunity right now for you to do that.

I know that it's more work. I know that it's more time, but here's the reality. It's gonna have to be done at some point. It's gonna have to be done at some point. I know it's, we, we, we, like I expressed to you Lucas on that video, and it, it's, it's, it is more, uh, it's more of an issue today than I've seen possibly in my entrepreneurial journey.

The market has changed radically. This marketing development, business development funnel building market has, it has changed dramatically. And the offers that were working two years ago, the solutions that were appealing two years ago are no longer have the same appeal, have become commoditized, have nowhere near the same value that they did. And so we have to adapt to that. You guys can't be married to the solution that you had that worked up to this point.

You've gotta be married to providing the market with the solution that they desperately want, that they desperately, uh, uh, um, are, are willing to fork over money for that they value. That's what you want. You wanna think about not, right, can we sell this at 15 K, but what would the market go wild over for 15 K? The 15 K is not the issue, right? If, because if we had the right solution, the right offer, if we bundled in with every E b a, um, buyer, if we bundled in a new beachfront condo for every single one of them, we would sell it like crazy every day at 15 K and wouldn't have a problem, right?

And so the 15 K isn't the issue, but that's, that's my take. I just don't wanna see you guys continue to try to fight and battle it out in a bloody ocean, a bloody red ocean that is only going to continue to get worse through marketing tweaks and marketing enhancements. Because more often than not today in this market, it, the marketing is not the issue. The solution and the offer is the issue. I completely agree with you.

Um, and it's, that's why I think this repositioning is absolutely necessary. And frankly, I've got a plan that I think will crush it. Uh, really the only, the only hesitation behind the execution on it is whether or not we're changing the price and whether or not that means we're changing the offer. But frankly, I think we should change the price and I think we should change the offer. Um, so can I just quickly share with you guys the difference between what we were doing on Evergreen at the $15,000 price point as well as previously on the $9,500 price point that no longer worked at 15,000 in terms of the offer, right?

Mm-hmm. Then what we've done recently at the $15,000 plus price point that has worked and converted well from live promotions, mind you with a 20 minute frigging V S L, right? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh, and then, um, also to just quickly share some of the repositioning that I'd like to do that I think will completely change, uh, the response to this.

So, um, let me, uh, let me share my screen real quick. Alright, so on the left here, what we have is, uh, the offer as it was at 9,500 and then at 15,000 on Evergreen, this is what they would see. So Evergreen US training and systems, two x weekly group coaching calls, world class private, like frigging generic as hell. And also, by the way, we didn't even call out all the deliverables. Like we just sort of summed up with everything you need to do this.

Um, it's just generic as crap looking at it now, you know? Um, and you know, sure, the bonus is, yeah, they're great, whatever. Like, you know, this solves all kinds of objections and so does this one and great. They get private attention from one of our coaches who by the way, is no longer part of our team, as you probably know. Um, you know, so like, um, and then because this promotion, uh, or or this particular page that I screenshotted it from was towards, it's the end.

Uh, that's weird. Uh, I had tweaked that. But, um, anyway, long story short, at the end of the year we do sort of like a get the rest of the year free, kind of like in November and December to handle like, ah, but I'm busy kind of objections that we frequently get. So, um, anyway, you can ignore that part. But, uh, and then versus what we've done recently, that's, that's worked well.

So, uh, the Evergreen has self scaling systems, evergreen Path training and action guides, uh, members only private community weekly live one-to-one group mentorship and coaching thought flow, AI Advisor Unlimited. This is our software that we developed this year that people are loving, they're excited about, they like the idea that they get this with it. We position it as kind of like a done for you element that helps execute a lot of the work that you're gonna need to do for you that's specifically tailored to our systems, our unique mechanisms that they can't get anywhere else that chat g p t can't help them with, et cetera. Um, done for you, uh, template, s o p and Tutorial Vault, um, seven figure scale industry expert trainings. Like you can just see like the specificity and the, the, the, the deliverables.

It's just different. It's significantly different. Um, and so this has worked, this has worked even at the $15,000 price point, but Not on Evergreen. We've never updated it to be this on Evergreen. I know, but I'm just telling you, you gotta put that out there because it's an important factor.

They, these are coming off the backend of an eight week intensive program that they've already paid for. That's the credit at the bottom, correct. Those things. So we always get good upgrades from those, but we just don't wanna keep doing those. Only done it twice.

And we've done it exactly this way twice. So I didn't Say we didn't, I'm just saying that was a, it's a different, it's not evergreen. I think Lucas, listen, I, I think what I would say is yes, for sure there's a significant improvement on the right side screenshot in terms of the copy, right? In terms of the, it, it feeling more unique in terms of the specificity. Yes, the copy on the right is significantly better than the copy on the left.

Is that the right? I I, again, I just wanna go back to, I, I just want you to maintain a level of awareness that, uh, that it, it that the market, if the market doesn't ultimately value what we're offering, and I'm not saying that that's not the case with you, um, better copy isn't gonna change that. Like right? Better copy isn't gonna fix that. You don't fix, like, you're not gonna fix a a you're not gonna fix an off the mark offer with better copy.

It, doesn't it just, right? Like you're not gonna fix an off the mark offer with better copy. And so you just wanna be careful that what you're like, what you don't want to like, look, I would say that you know this, you're not necessarily changing the offer here. You're just changing the way that you're presenting the offer, right? And you're using better copy to do that.

Will that have an impact? Of course, that can have an impact, but if we're talking about bigger picture, if we're talking about scaling your business to 3 million, to 4 million to 5 million, right? Like that doesn't that, if the issue is the offer not being fully aligned with what the market values today, better copy more marketing tactics isn't going to fix that. I would agree. Uh, and, um, the, the presentation of the solution as well in the campaign when it was, this is not the same as how we've been presenting it here.

And the way in which we did it here, in addition to the changes to the offer, I think made all the difference. And I think there's even more that we can do because we've learned, we've heard from our buyers and from our non-buyers exactly why the reasons for that are, and we know more now. We can do better now. And so we have the data that shows that we can sell at, at that price point with this. And I think that we'll give ourselves an extra advantage in today's market by sort of, you know, rewinding back to that $9,500 price point, and then we can bump up from there if we see things are going really well and we think we've got the room to do it, you know?

And so, um, I also wanna show you, just so you can see, 'cause I, I, I knew exactly where you were gonna go with that. Um, this is how we last positioned the webinar that we last did, uh, in August of last year. Um, and, uh, it's generic as crap. It's super freaking generic. Um, this is not what I think that we should do today.

We've learned a lot since then. Um, and so in terms of where, where I think we should go today, look, I get that this is not all that specific by itself, but it's, it's sort of in the, in the without here. So how we scale courses and coaching to six figure months working just four days a week without ever doing a sales call, constant content creation or exhausting back-to-back launches. Look, this is what our people are looking for. We know this now we're really crystal clear about this.

I don't have any question in my mind. We've not ever said exactly this in exactly this way. We've danced around it and people have loved the bits and pieces, you know, the, the little dance move over here, the little dance move over over here that they heard and they went, oh, I want that. But we never came right out and said it exactly this way upfront, front and center. And so in crystallizing this and in improving the offer, I feel really confident that we can sell this at a $9,500 price point and maybe even up to a $15,000 price point should we choose to go in that direction in the future.

But in doing all of this, I think that not only will this give us an advantage, but I think we'll have sort of an additional advantage in renaming the product of having that sort of new offer feel that new car feel that people get when you roll out something new. And we can make a bigger to-do about it than just, Hey, here's a tweaked version of E B A, you know? Um, so, uh, I don't know if there's any additional thoughts on that. I don't wanna use up too much more of our time. I'll let Damien chime in first and then, uh, I'll give my final thoughts on that.

Yeah, I mean, honestly, I was gonna ask you to chime in just because it, it really is a question about market sophistication, and that's obviously where you have your finger on the pulse on, I pride myself on, on, on being outside the, uh, the metron of influence. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so look, you know, I'll, again, I, you know, take this with, you know, take it for what it's worth for me if we were partners, right? My money, reputation, livelihood was on the line here.

What I would tell you is that I like the fact that you're, and pull that up one more time, Lucas, if you can. Okay. Yeah. Um, I, I like the way that you're thinking in terms of, look, we, you know, we've, we've never said this before, this is, we know this is exactly what it is that the market wants and right, we're, we're really talking about a pure copy positioning, um, or copy positioning perspective right now. But what I would tell you when, when I see how we scale courses and coaching to six figure months working just four days a week, to me, um, I see that all over, man.

I see that all over. And that's not to say that it, it, it won't work. There's a reason why you see it all over. But I think that what I would do is, I would say I would work on finding a different way that feels different from everything else to say what you wanna say. I'm not saying come up with a different promise.

I'm not saying don't focus on courses, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't want, like, you don't wanna say the same thing that everybody else is saying because that's not how you create a business that scales wildly because you're then competing with everybody else that's saying the same thing or something very similar. Todd, would you comment at, at the approach of like, how to get high ti you know, scalable high ticket sales without ever using high ticket closers? Well, I mean, look, I, I like that. I still like that. I, I really do think that there is, um, I really think still think that there's value in the idea of showing people like how to close, um, you know, or how to collect, you know, 9,000 plus dollars payments from people without ever having to use a, um, a sales department.

I like that because there are, and I like that for a number of reasons. One, because there are a lot of people out there in the marketplace that are doing the work of educating the market on the value of high ticket. But all of those people that are doing the work of educating the market on the value of high ticket products are also talking about, um, salespeople. And I think that salespeople and selling is what stops a lot of people from getting into the high ticket for fear of being able to do it, for fear of having to hire, manage all of that. So I still do like that, and I still do think that there is value in that.

I think that what I would do is I would look at all of the other competitors that are ultimately selling something similar. And what you, what you have to recognize, and this is important, Lucas, you could bring this down. Now, what what is important to realize is that when is that when, let's say we were selling a marketing, let's say e V A is all about how do, how you know, how to sell courses or whatever, how to attract high ticket clients. The reality is, is that you're not only competing with the people that are also selling, uh, coaching, excuse me, an accelerator, a course on how to sell high ticket and, and acquire clients. You're selling to everybody that is promising them high ticket clients, whether they're telling them like, I'll get you the clients, we'll do the selling for you.

We'll come in, we'll take the appointments. All of those people are your competition, because remember, you're competing with the people that are promising the same outcome you are. It's not just, you're not just competing with people that are selling the same vehicle for the outcome that you are. You're competing with all the people that are selling the same outcome you are. And so I would look at all of those people that are, let's say in this case, talking about selling courses, aqua acquiring courses, and I would start by looking at what are they highlighting, like what are they featuring, what are they saying in the headline, all the stuff that you've heard me talk about before, right?

And then I would look for the gaps in, in their messaging. I'm ultimately looking for a way to be able to promise the same outcome, to still provide the same product promise, the same outcome, but do it in, in a manner that doesn't feel like I am marketing the same thing that brings something fresh and different. And so for me, it's just always a red flag. I know that t typically CPMs are high when we're saying the same thing as multiple other people, right? Like, or really click through rate tends to suffer.

Cost per click tends to, tends to suffer because of that, right? I, we, we see that there's a longer sales cycle, right? Because we're, you know, ultimately people have the option of shopping around when we have, right? Like there's other choices besides you. I would ultimately strive to figure out how do we create a choice of one, how do we create a choice of one where what you're ultimately selling is something wildly different.

And it's not just the unique mechanism that we're talking about here. It's the positioning, the feel of the solution. And so, I like the direction that you're going, Lucas, but I just think that you gotta put, I would tell you if we were partners, man, I would tell you keep working on that so that we're not yeah, we're not saying the same thing that, you know, that seven other people are saying What you saw as a work in progress, this is the, the work in progress, uh, primary promise for the updated offer. Um, it's, you know, without sales calls, like it's, it's right there. Like, I, I get, I know, I know that's special.

Uh, and so like, if, if that needs to become like the positioning for the webinar too, and we just line that up and, and make the, without sales calls more front and center, I'm open to that. Um, I'm not really all that concerned about getting that nailed down. I know that we'll get that figured out. Yeah. Um, in terms of the presentation of the solution, like, I'm really confident that we'll do that in, in the webinar, in the marketing message.

Like, I'm not, I'm not even really concerned about that, frankly. And I, and maybe that sounds overconfident to say, but I feel like we've done this enough fricking times. Like I know our market for this offer. I know this offer like the back of my hand. We can get there.

I'm not worried about that, especially the 9,500 price point. Like we've been, we've been selling pretty, pretty well in these live promotions with a $20, uh, 20 minute V S L. Yeah. Like, you know, I can do that in a, in an hour and a half webinar, I guarantee you. So, um, anyway, uh, I think the real question at this point is, do we change the price?

And in doing so, do we rebrand the offer? And I, I just wanna sort of preface like in rebranding the offer, in my mind this is like, sure, maybe we get it. We get a designer, we pay him for a couple hours to like slightly tweak the logo and call it a new name and a slightly different icon. And then we update the name. We, we, we clone the product in our online portal.

We update the name of the thing there, and then like, look, if it still says Evergreen Business Accelerator and a video here and there, I don't give a f**k. Like, frankly, like, it, it doesn't matter. Like it's still valuable. It still helps our clients. And so, um, I I, I'll answer the question.

I mean, I'll tell you, and if Damien want, you know, I would, that's the direction that I would go just because again, I'm, I'm so in tune with the market and just know what, like I would, I would, because to me, you, you change the game, man. You, you know, you can either make marketing difficult on yourself or you can make it easy on yourself. And, and so to me, the game is one, and it's one big when you make the marketing easy on yourself by bringing something special to the market, or at least what the market perceives to be special. And to, to add to that, I had a revised sort of name for the offer that, uh, came to mind after sharing scalable business accelerator with you. And that's Self Scaling Business Accelerator.

Uh, to go even more specific, um, and more result oriented. Look, I mean, everyone's saying scale, scale, scalable, Scalable. I was just gonna say that for me. I'll, I'll tell you that that's also a red flag. Like what you have to realize is once and, and right, and I wanna be sensitive to time here.

Um, uh, uh, you, you have to realize, man, that when once you start to see words and phrases being used in the majority of ads in the marketplace, that should tell you it's time to switch. That shouldn't be the thing that tells you, oh, well, they're using that word because that's what everybody wants. Yeah, that may be what everybody wants. But now your thing looks and sounds just like everybody else's. And so then it starts to get ignored.

It's no longer a pattern interrupt. So the idea of scale and scaling, forget the name of the, the, the thing, the, the name of the program I don't care about. But in terms of your ad copy, in terms of your promise, like, I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't touch that. I just don't, I wouldn't touch it. Me personally, I would find a different word.

And if it was me, I would dumb the word down. I would rather than, like, I, I would go back to grow. If everybody's moving to scale, I would go back to grow. Like, I would go in the other direction. And so, um, but I think that, you know, look, I think that you've got a lot to start to mull over over it.

It certainly is clear that you and Jim are are gonna battle it out after this. Um, I gotta be honest with you, my money is on Jim. Um, physically, uh, just he looks like he's in great shape. And so I was gonna Say, you don't know me, then I, Yeah, you guys will probably both show up with bruises and black eyes, but I think that we can, we can have another kind of another conversation at top one where you kind of share, all right, this is like we've agreed and you gotta come together and you're gonna have to compromise, right? Like, you're gonna have to compromise and come together, right?

So that you're still a, that's Book up the definition of compromise, which doesn't mean I'm not even gonna, going over to Lucas's side, It's you gotta, you're a team and therefore, right? Mm-hmm. Like, you know, you're, you're, you know, Lucas may have to get 100% of what he wants on marketing and then he'll compromise on some of the financial stuff. I'm not sure that's for you guys to, to figure out as a, as a team unit. But you'll certainly figure it out.

You'll certainly approach it as pros and adults and as team members. And, uh, and then we'll go from there. And this is all part of the entrepreneurial journey. You know, like more people than you realize are dealing with the same thing that you're dealing with right now, right? Sure.

And so, more than you realize are dealing with the exact same thing you are right now. So just another, another part of the journey And, and I'll, I'll just end with this, you know, um, you know, to really take home what Todd said, you know, we, he actually talked to him about it. He's like, man, I, I, I wanna be super a direct. I said, be super direct. Like, tell 'em what they need to hear that like, really like in this space.

Uh, I think he summed it up very well where he said, you know, you wanna position yourself where you can, where marketing is easy because you really have come with a solution that truly is unique, truly solves a problem, truly brings a value that's not in the market. Um, we don't wanna just come with a, a me too solution and try to market our way out of this because unfortunately just the landscape is just too competitive for that. I mean, you see, you know, you see the cost of ads and media and all that other stuff and how many offers pop up, right? It's gotta be great marketing on the back of a truly superior solution. Makes sense.

I know a lot to think about guys, but you Okay? Take a deep breath. Yeah. Inhale. Mm-hmm.

Absorb it. Uh, we did record this, and so we could certainly have Glenda send over the recording for you guys. Um, and then we'll be together in, what is it? Two weeks, not even two weeks, 10 days, something like that. Yeah.

10 days with copy legends. Yep. Cool. Yeah, I, uh, and so I appreciate that. Um, if Glenda could send it, that might be helpful.

I appreciate that. Um, we'll, we'll make a decision this week 'cause we're moving, we're not, we're not staying still. So, um, we'll, we'll definitely update you in top one, if not before then, so, Okay. Awesome. All right guys.

Day guys.
