---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-07-29 17:59:53"
date: 2022-07-29
duration: 1h 24m
duration_seconds: 5087
vimeo_id: 734848648
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-07-29 17:59:53

**Date:** 2022-07-29 | **Duration:** 1h 24m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

um yeah, so what we did essentially is we implemented the sort of structure or procedure that you gave us the last call and so I guess Alexander's bad internet or something. Maybe he's jumping back on. But okay, so let me see. Let me just make sure that if you jump back on I can see it. Okay, good.

Otherwise. Tyler do you have the stats and everything sort of pulled up on your screen? yeah, I guess most of okay. You just find it. Just realized I was just talking about exam.

I didn't get all the follow-ups because they were in a different automation that I did not know. Where was that. Um, But I got like most of everything I got her overall and most of the sins minus those automation sends which they were just follow-ups. Um, but yeah, we tried that thing you said and we sent them for three days and hit him when to follow ups and then we did the abandoning cart automation. Okay, and we got a couple from the follow-ups, but for this first campaign, we didn't get any from the abandoned cart.

Okay. No, go back for one second. So I just want to make sure that we're on the on the same page. So scroll all the way over to the left one second. So the the 18th 19th and 20th that is those were the emails to get people to raise their hand and identify themselves as being interested.

And where did those people go? They when they clicked on the link they went over to the sales page? Via, so yeah the the vsl. Okay, and so can you tell me real quick what the conversion rate is on the vsl or was? Um sand you got it looks like he's still connected.

You have it on click funnels. Yeah. so it would be this is automatic. Copy vsl page. Yep.

That's it right there. So no, so you had correct me if I'm mistaken. But so you had five sales total out of out of so you had 790 unique visitors to the page. So some people could have went to the vsl page. Obviously more than once you had 790 people uniques that hit the page you had 27 people that did what is that that step one?

Yeah, and you know and then at the end of the video it would pop up the button and it would be two step process. So step one will pop up then. And click the button it carries them to the order form. So too got it. So I just want to do a little math real quick on my end.

And so okay, and so three three and a half percent almost did step one and then 20% of those step ones roughly completed the checkout and the price point was what? 194 dollars Okay. Tyler could you expand the order form drop down there. Arrow beside the order form. Yeah.

so we did have A take of upsell. Oh, I'd say and it was 87 so Okay, and so you had I just want to see something real quick. So but 790 all right. So if you scroll up for one second, so just to keep it accurate doesn't really make it a whole lot better. But just to keep it accurate the earnings per click that earnings per click is not accurate that's based on the total visitor total page views, but you really had a call it a 71 Cent earnings per click.

It means you are in 71 cents for every every one of the on average 790 people that you sent to to the page. And so right love even at 70 cents 71 cents. That is a that's low. But okay and so and so go back to the any questions on this for me on these numbers are pretty straightforward. Right, they are I think one of the things that we're doing is right now we're acting a bit as order takers.

We don't yet have the sort of Mastery or understanding of that data what it implicates, you know, like what is it by that? We you know, so we have a 71 Cent EPC you say this low so it's like, okay. You know, so what do we do with that information is kind of like my it's overarchy question. Yeah, well, so the the easy answer really is and I don't want to give it prematurely. I just want to confirm it even though my suspicion is that we're not going to see anything We're not gonna see anything that's gonna change it with the emails.

We're just gonna see the performance of the campaigns, but the what this tells me is that we need to dial in the vsl. Right like that. We need to dial in the vsl. Because we've got we got, you know, call it three and a half percent of the people to in essence click through to the order form and then out of that we had call it in 80 and 80% abandonment which is not, you know, not unheard of that's normal. And so it's that 3.42% that we need to change right?

You don't have a 3.42% sales conversion rate. You really have a let me just do this. You really have a 0.6% sales conversion rate. Right. So that's in terms of like the vsl too.

So BSL is essentially a clipped up video. Like explaining the price very direct offer. It's like hey, here's automatic copy. It's not it's not a promo like with the big ID and all that. Junkie.

It's like hey, this is automatic coffee here just gonna be in it and it's that's and it's like five minutes long. Maybe this was really two minutes long. Okay? Yeah, that's very very short just like hey, this is what you get click taking a leave it basically, can we is it possible? Can Tyler?

Can you do me a favor since it's two minutes long. Can you play that for me? Yeah, I don't know if you build it here. So Tyler what you'll do unshare your screen. And then hit share screen and there'll be a button in the bottom left is shared computer audio.

You want to click that? All right. Let's try this essentially focusing on One Core front end newsletter promotion that I wrote while back for Rich Dad Poor Dad. And the reason I've titled this program automatic copy is because something I have to hammer over and over with Junior copyrighters is that they need to do the least. They need to stop writing so much.

Sometimes I'll highlight a stanza of copy or a line of Copy in my comment will simply say you wrote this and what I mean by that is you wrote this you're doing it wrong and the point is the research is supposed to do like 99% of the writing for you. What you're supposed to do is Master the technique and the process of generating solid research. And then what you want to do is you want to basically transpose that research from a research doc into a page. You want to start stacking up that research and that becomes like the content of your sales promotion the next step to turn it into copy writing or persuasive sales writing. It's simply imbue it with the big four emotions.

New easy safe and big and if you're here, I'm sure you've already heard me talk about this just absolutely until my face is purple. And then what you want to do though is you need to start with this research with this course is going to show you about because what you do is you lay all that research down on the page and then you start weaving in and oh, this is how it's nudes how it's easy. This is how it's safe. And so it's gonna make a big transformation in your life, but it starts with the research. And so the reason for the title automatic copy is because the core mistake I see most Tyler positive for one second full circle.

So how much what are we 60 seconds into the video? Well the button just pop so that was two minute Mark. Yeah, so yeah, so I want to right so this is where write some some tough love right? You know, Kyle like some right. I'm as much as I love to have a good time.

I'm here to make sure that you you get the direction the guidance to feed back that you need man to be successful and sometimes that's painful to for me to deliver and sometimes it's it's painful for you to hear. But so please minimize this have get up my face. Tyler can change this real quick before we get it serious. Well, I want to hear the rest of it. So you certainly actually something else but okay like right.

So we're we're 60 seconds into the vsl the video sales letter, right and I don't care whether it is direct right like whether it's an offer promo, whatever you want to call it, right? We're 60 seconds in So at the halfway point of this video you have not mentioned a single benefit. To me as the as the the viewer you have not mentioned a single benefit that I stand to gain by this you have not mentioned a single problem that this is going to resolve you have not mentioned a single frustration that this is going to eliminate for me. You have not said anything to tap into greed to tap into fear right anything about problems anything about solution all you're really doing Kyle is just explaining And right and so what you've got to learn to do is that you can't and this isn't this I want you to listen to me carefully here. You're never going to teach people into buying.

You're not going to teach people into buying and all you're really doing is. Telling them what they need to do, right in essence. You could say that you are soft teaching you said right? You gotta you got to you. First of all, you said right like you got to include the big four emotions and then you gave them the big foremotions and then you said something which if anything would make me not want to immediately buy you said if you right you if you're here, you've heard me talk about this out the Wazoo meaning I immediately know that there are tons of places.

I can go to hear you talk about those four big emotions, right? And so you this is not what I would call a sales message. This is not a vsl. This is a video of you explaining to them what they need to do and then ultimately my suspicion is in the end. You're just gonna present a product that they can buy to do it, but you did not touch on a single benefit in the first 60 seconds of the video when the reality is is that the bulk of the Video the bulk of what you do when it comes to a promo is benefit is promise is pain.

Right what I'm about to talk to you. Right what I'm about to show you. What I'm about to tell you in. This video is number one gonna generate more sales for you. It's going to increase your conversion rate, right it's going to do X and it's gonna do y and it's gonna do Z and I'm gonna tell you in a second how and why it works and why it's so important like that like even something off the cuff as simple as as that when you use these big four emotions the right way the way I'm gonna show you right here's what will happen for you.

Here's what you'll experience. Here's what you'll see right and you have to tap into why do these people care man? and so my my gut really tells me um that One of the things that we need to do with you is and I think that this is gonna be a a big game changer. Number one, right as we've talked about before is that you you do you have a tendency to rely on teaching as a means for exciting people with what it is that you're teaching them enough to buy and you will always get certain hyper students that respond to that but the masses will not respond to that right and so they will not buy out of mere teaching what they'll say to you is Kyle. That was amazing.

Wow, man, you are an incredible teacher. That was so valuable. That was the best explanation that I ever heard. You just opened my eyes. You gave me a ton of insights.

Thank you, and they won't buy. Right again, you'll always get when you when I see right like I've seen this time and time again over the last 20 years man, and you will not teach people into buying I told you and this is why you have this tendency to rely on teaching to default to teaching and I I my heart goes out to you because I I get that that was my default for a long time. That's what I'm most enjoy. That's what I'm most comfortable with but you have to realize that that's not why people buy they're buying a solution. They're buying an outcome.

They're buying a change. They're not buying a product. They don't care about the product they care about the result as you know, and so number one, we've got to um, we've got a train you so that like when you want to teach teach right when you want to teach teach and and teach away like when you're creating YouTube videos for building Goodwill for delivering value, right? By all means do your thing, but when you're creating promotions, right you need to focus on like benefit payoff result problem alleviation. You need to you need to get them you need to get them emotional and wildly excited and people do not when you're training them and teaching them.

They're operating in their The Logical portion of the brain. That's not the buying portion of the brain. And so you need to focus on the emotions and the emotions come through you excuse me, showing them what they stand to gain what will be different for them? What will change the second thing that I want to point out that you need to um, That you need to really really start to embrace and and I actually have to think about this a little bit for for you. But you've got to learn that.

Um, you've you are a master. copywriter when it comes to what I would say is a certain type of Campaign, which is a very indirect big idea low awareness Prospect type of campaign that's loaded with um, you know education based marketing persuasion that ultimately leads to an offer and those are the type of campaigns that you absolutely want to use when you're going to the unaware segment who right doesn't even know what they don't know, right and ultimately you're gonna lead them to to the conclusion that you want and ultimately to buy but when you are doing a when you're talking to Your house file, especially right? The reality is is that you don't need big idea base campaigns. Even Mark Ford would tell you that right? Like those are Front End customer acquisition when you are going indirect lower awareness, but on your house file, we need you to begin to change your approach to copy for those type of campaigns for this type of campaign.

And again, you've got to recognize and I don't mean to be a dead horse here and then I'm gonna stop talking and let you kind of share your your feelings or response to what it is that I just said but like never this is something that I've lived by since the beginning of my career so over 20 years I've lived with this my team, here's this all the time to this day from me and that is don't ever underestimate the task at hand of moving somebody to part with their money. And so Meaning that you've got to have that message dialed for what it is that they stand to gain how their life will be improved. You could never have too many benefits in a marketing campaign. I've never seen a marketing campaign not work because it had too many benefits. I've only seen them work of not work because they haven't had enough benefits.

And so you've got to stop teaching man it this is not the time of the place to teach. This is the time of the place to explain to them. Right what happens to them the struggles that they'll go through the frustrations that they'll go through when they don't do the research the right way and you and and not just general research what most people think of research copy research Avatar research Marketplace research is woefully inadequate today, right? You have a dial system a dialed system for doing this that is allowed you and your students to create an engineer million and multi-million dollar campaigns. Over and over and over and this is your opportunity to get it and when you use this, here's what you'll experience.

Here's what you'll no longer have to deal with right you'll know they're exact hot buttons so that your prospects will be on the edge of their seat man devouring everything that comes out of your mouth. You'll know exactly what to say when you present your offer so that people can't wait to click that buy button. You'll see more sales you're conversion rates will go through the roof, right your cost per click your cost per visitor and your cost per acquisition will go down. What does that mean for you? That means you can drive more traffic.

That means you have more profit when you acquire people all of this comes from not your writing not your headline, not your big idea, right but first and foremost the research done the right way specifically the method. I'm about to give you. Let me tell you how to grab this thing and let me tell you how quickly it'll work for you. It's called automatic that I boom you. What I'm saying?

and so Any response you want to share with me Kyle? Yes. well, there's nothing much to say besides like you're right. And so we got a step up our ESL copy. Yeah.

And it's it's it again you you know, like I would take this recording I'll send this to you. I would take this recording and I would listen to this I would listen to this once a week for the next three months. And as a reminder to like when you sit down like don't you know? Number one number one like put the big idea side put the stuff the the typical research that you would that you would do normally for a big idea based promotion. Put that aside and start with right.

Like what is this solve for them? What's the number one problem that they are dealing with that this solves right? Like and how does that make them feel when they're dealing with this? What does this problem? Right stop them from being able to experience right?

And and so get crystal clear on that and then what are the sub problems that this will also eliminate for them? Right? Like, you know, net not knowing you'll never like you will never stare at a blank page again. Wondering what the heck do I say to these people to move them to buy because you'll know they're exact buying triggers. You'll all you'll know the exact phrases that your Market needs to hear.

Right? Like we're tapping into what is it that they what what's the problem that they're dealing with and then I would So right right down on the flip side once they have this. Program and they go through it and they know your method right? What is what's the what will they experience from a positive perspective that they're not experiencing right. Now those two things the elimination of their main problem and the sub-problems, right and the transformation results that they'll experience that becomes the the foundation of this type of vsl.

Right? Like you want to go guns of Blazing man with you won't be experience in this anymore this anymore this anymore this anymore this anymore instead what your life will be like as a copywriter is you'll be this and you'll see this and you'll get this and you'll get paid more and yet this this this That the last thing as it relates to that that I just want to share. Is and you know this from from everything that you've you've done in the in the copyrighting world. Like I said, you're a wizard at those type of campaigns. Is right like you never ever ever want to present Your solution as a commodity meaning you you always want to present a proprietary solution.

So it's not I'm gonna teach you how to do research because that's a commodity meaning there are tons of copywriters that teach research, right? There's tons of blog posts on Research. It's your methodology and your methodology is superior to all the others because of these three reasons. And so you're you're not selling them on a commodity you're selling them on a proprietary solution that solves their core problem and those ancillary problems and delivers the transformation and all these benefits so that they can't get it anywhere else. make sense Let me ask you this.

Also, one one other thing Tyler as it relates to this campaign, uh, was there a deadline on this? I don't. I want to say no. No, I should know this but we're running everyone we've ever run has it. Um, I don't think there was okay.

So, um, so what I would say What was that? Alexander says no, there was no deadline. So, um, so what I would say is um, Is is going forward and we could certainly talk more about this going forward every single campaign that you have should should have a deadline. Not not a single campaign that you run should be absent of a deadline. You have to have a deadline or else there's no reason for me to respond today.

Why not just wait till tomorrow or why not wait till the next day or hey, this sounds interesting. Let me just get it in five days and then five days from now it's out of sight out of mind. And so every single campaign needs to have a needs to have a deadline. There are two different ways that you can you can do this. So without getting too crazy technical for a second and again if you need if you need help with this, Teddy we could set you up with a call with Teddy and he'll walk you through this the simple way to do a deadline is if you're doing a promotion live meaning that let's say, um, let's say, you know, we have a permit we have this campaign that's going on right now that ends on July 31st.

So Sunday night once it hits midnight the the promotion is over and so right like so you have until Sunday night to get it number one. What a deadline number one. Let me let me just deviate for one second and ramble here for for a moment. So number one, right? You have to have a deadline because you have to you have to give people a reason to respond now, right and so in the world of Agora, there are two different ways really that that they've that you guys would would drive people to respond.

Now there was the hey this this new law was passed first mover Advantage right new legislation. Um or this this little stock is about to go public and if you get in on, you know on it early, you'll make big money right that there was a an opportunity in a moment of time to seize on and if you miss this opportunity window, then you'd miss out on the big opportunity, but when you don't have that with something like research or it's difficult, it's difficult to make the case that like, hey every day that goes by that you haven't done proper research your life is gonna suck in blah. On right it's difficult to make that case. So then what we rely on is a deadline. Is a deadline is the end of this bad boy, right?

And so you have to give people a reason to respond now every moment of delay decreases the likelihood of the sale period if you give them a reason to delay, they will take it if there is no reason to respond. Now most won't the other thing to recognize is that when we have a deadline in the campaign, it allows us on the last day of the campaign to send out mad urgency based emails, right? So what we do is I'll tell you to show you we use this exact system. I can actually break go in and show you Some of our campaigns with this we use this exact system on the last day. It's not uncommon for us to send out five emails on the last thing about for Eva.

He five don't matter E5 or you know in this promotion right on Sunday. Five emails are going out. Yeah, right. I actually swipe some from your E5 for seven page things going on and for AC. Yeah, and so you need it you need a right you need a um, a deadline when it's live like like you're you know, it expires on July 31st, and it's everybody on your house file and whatnot.

It's very easy. You can just use a countdown timer right inside a click funnels at the end of that bad boy just have it redirect to another page, right everybody. Let's let's define this when it's live really first. You know, what is life? Yeah, so live means that um, so live means it's not Evergreen.

I'll explain Evergreen in a second. So live meaning it is it's a fixed date promotion fix date meaning that right? Kings on July 31st for everybody don't matter whether you come in today tomorrow yesterday the day before the promotion the the deadly offer expires on July 31st. So order form goes to sorry offer is closed kind of sorry offers closed and then we'll redirect to another offer. Right so it will like so we have this page where um where it says sorry write this offer as closed or whatnot and then there's this little image yet makes it like it's loading something and then it redirects to another offer right to it to a different offer.

Uh, but you got to bring them to a page that says sorry. This is no longer available. If you say there's a deadline, there's a deadline so fixed date, then there's Evergreen Evergreen is where um, you want to give everybody let's say you want to give everybody let's say hypothetically four days to respond. Right? So there's a deadline of four days from the moment that somebody clicks on the sales letter.

And so let's say somebody clicks the sales letter today, right? They have four days so call it's a Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday night midnight for the person that visits the page today the offer expires, but then somebody might visit the page tomorrow, right? It's an evergreen campaign that person will also have four days four days for them means that that countdown timer will expire on Wednesday night at midnight and if somebody comes in on Day same exact thing. Everything is the same right? Everything is the same except in an evergreen campaign.

The deadline is dynamic and based on um, based on when somebody hits the page. So like Tyler, I don't know if you just went through, you know, the the promotion that we did recently for for E5, but that's the way right the the moment that somebody said. I'm interested in E5 there was a there was a timer that began and it was Dynamic right? So there was a four day call four day five day, whatever it was. I don't remember.

Um, it was Dynamic and that something like that allows you to have deadlines built in to every campaign, even when they're Evergreen. So meaning like even you leave the campaign the campaign is live all the time 24/7 but everybody that goes into that campaign. In goes through the same process still has call it a four-day deadline. It will still expire four days whenever that is from the day that they come into the campaign that's done with a tool we use. I believe it's deadline funnel.com or deadlinefunnel dot I deadlinefunnel.com.

I think it is. Let me see. This is an incredible and incredible tool and so deadline funnel.com. You're a fan Kyle of Frank Kern Frank. Kern always uses deadline funnel almost always uses deadline funnel.

So when it is recently cookies, they're IP or something like that. Yeah, it's based on a combination of things. And so it doesn't matter right? It doesn't matter. Um, it doesn't matter what device there there.

They they will not they'll they'll be redirected. Once it expires does not matter, right? So every person gets a dynamic real deadline, so it's not a fictitious deadline. It's a real deadline. But the thing is that like you might see an offer from Frank as an example and for you that all for expires today, but I might I might have gotten into that campaign a couple days after you and so for me that doesn't expire until Tuesday.

Do they get in so the campaign they can get into the campaign any way you want them to get into the campaign. It could be from an email link. It could be from opting in to the campaign. It could be from them hitting the page from YouTube. It doesn't matter.

Mm-hmm. So they get cookie. I'd probably want them to have some sort of like. opt-in like not just hitting a page right like you want something like to see a little bit more intent, maybe like they enter the email to see something and well, so like what what you would do with this kind of campaign right is so let's say um, So on the 18th 19th and 20th, right? So that's the that's those of the email.

That's the The Click sequence. That is the that's us lead generating out of your house file. Meaning it's getting folks to raise their hand and identify themselves. So let's say on on the on the 18th. Let's say Tyler got the email and he opened it.

He read it and he clicked on the link and that link sent him to the sales page. Now the moment that he opened that first email and he clicked on that link and he went over to the sales page. Now. Let's say hypothetically there is a four-day deadline on that offer. So on the page, there is a countdown timer that said that that's counting down for four days for for Tyler.

Now the second thing is because he clicked on that link in that email on 718 that first email in the click sequence. He's not gonna get the next two emails. Um, the next two click sequence emails. He's not gonna get that one that says stop writing so much. He's not gonna get the next one that says creativity equals trash instead what he's gonna do.

Is he would get put into a what we call a conversion sequence and so the conversion sequence is right, then like the next day an email goes out and says hey Tyler, right like if you want to you know, looks like you want to know how to dial in your copy blah blah research benefit benefit benefit benefit. Well, you still have a few days to to grab it right go here. And then it's a link back to sales page when it comes to these terms conversions. What's the first one called? The second one's a conversion sequence was the first sequence a click sequence.

Okay, are these outlined on the E5 video program or the book? So yeah, so there is um, so send an email I'm gonna make a note I'm gonna have Glenda send you the the training on this have and and Kyle click sequence training So, let me see if I can show you something here. Who's turning to give up screen share get rid of it. Yeah. Let me see.

We also have an ongoing campaign with a more. Traditional BSL. So obviously the automatic copy vsl. If you want to call it that it's like minute 50 seconds or two minutes of me. Just explaining what's in the program not really pitching and that traditional copy way we have a campaign that started on Monday this Friday for seven pages and seven figures and it has straight up two hour vsl like a webinar with a pitch at the one hour mark and then a QA after That might be something interesting to look at we've only got two sales off that.

But that's that's a stat sheet that would make more sense to maybe look at to because of the traditional DSL. Yeah, okay. So hang on one sec. So let me do this. Let me change this down.

So Tyler, I don't know if this is what you went through a recently, but I'm gonna show you something. So, let me see if I could. Share my screen. And make this thing. bigger you guys can see my screen.

Yes, okay, so I'm just gonna show you something so and don't be like this is just a bunch of Click sequences and conversion sequences so over here right if you if you look at this, this is a click sequence to get folks to watch a video that I did with. Um, With Joel our way another top one member now, right if you look at this in here, here's what happens the moment, right? So we put people into this campaign and then an email goes out at 8:30 in the morning, right? It waits the next day, right? 8:30 in the morning sends out an email to these people, um, getting them to go over and click on the click the link to go watch the video with Joel if they don't click on a link in here at 11:30 the same day they get another email right that is all same call to action the call to action and all of these is the same thing.

It's just a different angle right over here right then if they don't click on that day two, they get an email in the morning at 8:30. And then if they don't click on that later that day they get another email they don't click on that it waits a day right day three another email at 8:30 goes out and then if they don't click on that another email Goes out there's a total of six emails in this one click sequence. Now what happens if they click to watch so if they click at any point in time, so let's say somebody clicks on day one. They're immediately taken out of this sequence and now they're put into The next the next sequence for you right for you what this would be is you would literally have this this and then this would be conversion sequence. So meaning if you look at this over here this a little don't don't worry about all this.

This over here right is towards the end of this campaign. We basically say to people art do you want to learn more about E5? Right? And there's there there emails that go out. If you look at this, you'll see that it's very similar to um, a 30 right day one day two two emails day three two emails over here.

If at any point, they click on one of these links, right? They they click on one of these links, um to learn more about the the master class. They then go into a conversion sequence. So basically what we're doing is the people that don't click on this that don't that never express. Interest in E5 right?

They never will get the conversion sequence. The conversion sequence is basically right The Click sequence is like, you know, hey, right if you're struggling with blank paid, you know the blank page and you don't know what to say check out this video, right? It's going to show you exactly how to blah blah blah. That's one email so conversion sticker. Okay.

So this is there's a click sequence Then it's good. Then this conversion Secrets, correct? So the collection version sequence make a version sequence you're saying actually go ahead with it's good sequence The Click sequence. The purpose is to get people to raise their hand and identify themselves as being interested in the topic at hand. In this case.

It's some form or fashion of of research right for the people that you're gonna send them these emails that's you know, that's doing a little bit of teaching and then saying hey if you want to learn more about this click on this video You're gonna talk about the you know, um there you'll talk about things related to research and then there'll be a call to action to go over and watch the video go over and check out the video where I explain right but right so, you know fast. Okay, so like okay with the all right. So there's a there's a There's a click sequence The Click sequence says hey, are you struggling with this issue? Right like this is your problem. Like click here for now in this in this original sequence of six are we already letting and I forgot it.

I got a video here to help you with this specific problem. Is that what's the in the click sequence? Yeah, the click sequence is, you know, like, um, you know, it might be like, let me explain what you're doing wrong with research that might be one, you know, go here and check out this video. Another email might be like do you you know might be about like do you struggle, you know, you struggle with blank page, you know, do you not know sometimes what to say or in what order to say it? Well, right, then you definitely want to check out this video it explains exactly what you need to do before you write a single word and you're in your campaign both of those emails, right and all the emails and the click sequence go to one place, which is in this case the vsl page one Stave once we've gotten them to the vsl page right now.

They then Go into the conversion sequence. The conversion sequence is more about the offer. Now you're driving them to respond. So you see the only people that were ever talking to about the offer are the people that have gone over to the vsl page. So I need another pause at that moment because this is what this is something you had to help clean us up clean up for us on the last call.

We're talking about the offer on the conversion sequence yet. We're still sending them to vsl. Like we're not sending them to order form because they have to opt in to get to see the order to earn the right to see the order form. Yeah. Okay.

Just keep it real simple and send them right back to right send them right back to the the vsl. There's fancy stuff that you can do like you, you know, if somebody watched only you know, like if somebody you can send them back and have them resume watching the video you don't need to do any of that man. Just send them back to watch the you know to watch the the video like to go back respond. Go bye you say we're talking to more direct with the offer. So, okay.

So now I have like a bit of friction or dissonance in my brain because I haven't seen the order form. They don't yet get the details of like the price and certain offer pieces when you say we're talking more directly about the offer in the conversion sequence How do you sort of do that while not just giving away the order form in an email? You know what I mean? Like so let me ask you this. So in the video in the vsl.

Are you giving them the price? Yeah, but that is at that. Also another words the way to this is maybe another shift that you've got to that you in that vsl that two minute vsl. Do you give them the price? I don't think so we but yeah, we do it pops up it in it says about the hero shot and says for 94 dollars today and it says it on the button.

Yeah. So remember we we talked about this, you know a couple weeks ago that like look and this is one thing that you really you might have to change in terms of your thinking Kyle from the Agora days that You send them to the order form to check out. You don't send them to the order form to get more information. So when you deliver a vsl, right you either you either give the price in the in the vsl or when you're talking about the offer you can have the price up here, you know, like the price and the the details if you will appear below the vsl, but you don't want you're not when you get a step one right? See the reality is is that if you if if you're not giving the full offer on the video, well, then out of those 25 people you're that that um that started step one.

They didn't really start step one. They were entering their deep their information to get more information about the offer right so they they weren't they weren't starting to check out and they weren't abandoning the order form, right? The reality is that if you're not giving them the all the details then you can't look at all 25 people as having started the checkout process because they didn't even know what the price was, right? So we do we do actually do execute on that. We do give them but they have to reach a certain.

Point in the video, right? So about seven pages for instance. Is that the hour mark I start telling you here's all your premiums your bonuses. Here's the price. Yeah.

So my question is for folks who did not do the one two to go to order form and they're receiving the conversion sequence and maybe this is in the train. You know, how do you not just like Like I thought the whole purpose of not sending them to order form was that we don't send them to order form until we're certain. They got all the information about the the sales presentation. Yeah, let me let me do this. Let me bring up this let me do something for you to hopefully help you see if I can do this.

And Tyler with our our final emails for seven pages are there offer details in the email? Yeah, it pretty much tells them everything they get like. All the products and the price point I don't think it does price point but on the email, yeah. that and it's got like the countdown timer and when they get to the order form, it'll have a countdown timer. Yeah, they're only girl.

They're only going to people who completed step one like who watch the Vietnam. Right. So let me show you something so. I don't mean to get to get more complex here. You guys can see my screen this little weird whiteboard thing.

Yep. Okay, so here is Here is a so right we've got this. Whoops, let's do this. How do we make this thing smaller? There is this.

Oh wait do this. All right. So we've got this click sequence right where this click sequence right and all we're doing right. Let's let's just say you let's let's take a promotion that you guys want to run, you know next week, right? And so what you would do is you would set up this this click sequence call it this is three days three days, right and you could see it's got let's call it an email in the morning and email later right or or it might just have three emails.

Like I I find that the more emails we send the better, right? That's the reality the more emails that we send the better. So this is right day one day two day three now. Here's the way that I want you to think about it. So right the moment that somebody clicks on any of these and all of these will go over to the sales page.

So right they will all go to the the SL right the moment that somebody clicks on any of these they're going right to the vsl. But if they You not so let's say they they don't they don't click on any of these links in any of these emails. Let's just say this, right they are we're gonna take them out. of The campaign so they're done right? Let's just keep it real simple for one second.

We could get more I could show you later on what you can actually do with these people but let's say they're done. So let's say hypothetically you dump 10,000 people on your house file. Into this into this sequence and maybe out of the 10,000 people. Let's just say that 8,000 of them 8,000 never click on a single link. They get all these emails.

They're done. They're not going to hear anything more about research right for right now. They're done. They're done, right? So they're gone.

So this is eight. This is 8k over here. And now let's say that 2K click over to the vsl. Well these people now because they clicked over to the vsl. They now go into a conversion sequence.

So this is conversion now in its simplest format in its simplest format. Right? All we would be doing now is the same thing over here, right? We're gonna send out this this this we're gonna send out emails to them driving them back to the vsl. This is driving them back to the vsl.

Right but here is the way that if you if you really want Kyle to get a little bit more What you could do is you could have a sequence that is a the strives them back to the vsl. Ultimately getting them to fill out the two step. The two step right here for the people that fill out the two step then right. We take them to the order form and let's say right for the people that don't fill out the order form and buy then you could put them in and abandon sequence abandon. And this is where this is where I would talk about the offer and this is where I would then trigger the deadline.

Right, like that's another way that you could you could do it. What we do to keep things real simple is over here is once somebody clicks on any of these links. We take them out of the click sequence and we put them into the conversion sequence and then the conversion sequence will drive them back to the vsl to buy and later on in the conversion sequence. It goes through the offer it goes through urgency. It goes through right like where you're not monitoring how much of the video did anybody consume you're not worried about you just know that they expressed interest by raising their hand and clicking on one of the emails in this click sequence.

And now you're gonna you're you're presenting the offer for them to buy you're letting them know towards the end of that bad boy. It's expiring tomorrow. If you want it go grab it, right and boom that's it the way and so this is it's simplest form. This is what it looks like. It's Guys from getting dissonance though.

This is where I'm getting a dissonance. Okay, because I had like a black and white rule that nobody sees the order form unless they put in the one two. Your audio cut up. Yeah your audio. Just cut out Kyle.

So we can't hear you. This is probably gonna pick up so much background noise. Now. There you go. That's cool.

Okay. Well look so we had this hard and fast rule about. Nobody sees the order form unless they put in the one two. So it's like you're talking about the offer and conversion sequence cool. And you say words like you don't care how much they consumes but it's like but nobody gets to see the order form unless they go to the one hour Market punch the button and do the one too.

So half a consumer one hour. That's why starting to get things a little bit jumbled up confused with the conversion sequence versus like because I don't understand the rules now now the rules feel fuzzy to me. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well there you shouldn't have a you know, you like look I would say that you shouldn't have a hard and fast rule that somebody needs to um, somebody needs to enter the the first step of the two step checkout process because what happens if you use I want you to imagine for a second that you're not using a vsl, but you're just using a long form sales letter.

Right. And so and let's say on the long form sales letter. You got the buy button at the at the bottom and let's say that goes to a you know to a a two-step right? Like in other words to step one where they just enter their their email and then they go over from here after this they go over to the order form. And so now imagine that you have this click sequence where you say like, hey, you know, like are you struggling with blank page blah blah.

Go here. Go here. This will help solve it for you. You'll never have issues with blank page again. And so somebody clicks on that they get that first email and they click on it and they go over to the sales page, but they don't buy.

They don't buy right away. What are you gonna do with those people? Now, what do you do with them? Well, what you do with them is you drop them into a conversion sequence. And now regardless of whether they filled out step two or not, right like regardless of whether they filled out step two or not.

I'm gonna drive them back to the sales page. The only time in this instance if we were using a long form sales letter Right, if we were using a long form sales letter this what I would do click sequence follow me. Listen to me click sequence. Once they go over to the vsl. Right?

If once they click on this and they go over to the vsl, right? I'm gonna put them into a conversion sequence. I'm gonna talk about the offer. I'm gonna build urgency all of that. Now if they if they fill out step one of the order form, right and they don't actually fill out the order form.

They don't complete the transaction. I'm gonna take them out of this this conversion sequence and I'm gonna put them into an abandoned sequence which is different language because the abandoned sequence right now, you've got somebody who saw the offer they know the price they know the offer they clicked over to start the process the check out and so now I'm gonna talk to them about right like it's gonna be similar to this right? I'm still gonna have an urgency thing in the end, right? But now I'm I'm talking to this person like hey, you started your check out and you didn't Complete it like I know you want you want to know how to do research properly. So you can XYZ you still have a couple days go ahead and grab it now.

So the languaging between these two is going to be similar except the abandon is only for the people that filled out step one and it's a little bit more like hey, you started your checkout you started to do this whereas this is. Hey, you haven't grabbed this yet. Go ahead and grab it. Like right. This is you right.

This is gonna solve x and y and z you're never gonna have a problem again, right at the inside of this training is so you see that you see that I get Those portions of it and and the abandoned probably goes back to the order form from what I call right, correct, and you know and will then go back to the order form in this case the conversion sequence goes back to the sales page right The Click sequence just brings them to the sales page. If somebody doesn't click in the click sequence, they're never going to get the conversion sequence and there's certainly not going to get the aband. Sequence we're not going to talk to them about the offer. We're not going to pressure them with the deadline because they didn't even express interest by clicking on any of these. And so the conversion folks they're gonna get a more Pure Play sort of sales pitch which will still take to the BSL.

What we're doing right now is no controls like no video controls. No text just video box. So at the end of the day, even the folks in the conversion sequence see the offer information the emails because we're going to be giving them an offer focused conversion sequence email building that deadline. They're still gonna have to sit through 60 Minutes of BSL in order to see the order form button. And so we talked about this last week because I asked my question was basically won't that lose Us sales?

Yeah. So this is where yeah the video again. Yeah. So this is where This is where I hate to keep recommending tools for you. But the reality is is that and this is an important this is important for you and the team to grasp and this is something that I've told my team from day one and sometimes still after remind them about and that is that we adjust our Tech to suit our marketing.

We don't adjust our marketing to suit our Tech and so another words. We don't do marketing based on what we're what our Tech is right. Now. We design the most effective marketing and then we get the tech we need to do it. So this is really where when you've got an hour long video right when you have an hour long video.

Like, you know, like you're talking about here an hour-long video or longer. Right? What I would do is I would use a video player that allows people to resume where they left off. So if they watch 30 minutes of it when they go back to the video, they'll be able to click a button that says resume video where I left off and right so they don't have to watch the full the full hour. But in in that case until somebody has has filled out step one, right?

We're gonna drive them back to the vsl. And I'm gonna talk to them about the offer in the conversion sequence. I am gonna introduce the deadline because the reality is is that the deadline should be on the page on the vsl page when they hit it. There should be a deadline there. It should be counting down.

You follow me. Yeah, I believe we have that at the top of seven pages now. Do we Tyler? the oldest one Okay, one down the sales page. You know what I'm saying?

Does that does that make sense Tyler? Do you have any questions about what it what it is that I shared or is that unclear to you or clear? No, I got you. I'm pretty sure we've got something already set up like that. You'd have to talk with Alexander about that.

He sits about automations, but it sounds just like what we set up. minus the Jesus I forgot to go We don't have the automation like we can't. God knows what was it the abandoned? No, we got the abandoned set up. We just don't have Alexander you can say that way the deadline Jesus could not think of the word.

Yeah, so because we set up our automatic copy. We have this exact kind of like format. We had the clicker sequence. We only use three emails Monday, Tuesday Wednesday. And when people raise their hands we put them into we call it a follow-up sequence, but we put them in basically conversion sequence where we kept driving it back to the sales page and then after like after like three days that ends and anyone who completed the step one, then got put into the abandoned car sequence.

And if anyone like upgraded to the different sequences, right, they just getting the previous sequences. We should have waited like put like an artificial deadline and artificial on a dynamic deadline. We didn't have a way to put a dynamic deadline. So that's why there was no deadline on automatic coffee, okay. So right that'll that alone.

By the way that alone will change things for you. Radically. It's amazing. How what you'll find is you'll find on the last day of the promo will be your biggest sales Day always last day of the promo will be your biggest sales day. But if you don't give people a reason to respond now then how do you build urgency?

Right, like how do you create urgency? And so you always want the beauty of the beauty of the tool like deadline funnel for example is that you can have these Dynamic deadlines in an evergreen campaign. So everybody so everybody is getting a four-day deadline countdown urgency right in the whole thing could be automated right? It's very different from a fixed date, um type of of Campaign which is where which is what tip people typically associate with a deadline like well, how do we have a deadline if this thing is running all the time and people could go into this camp like you get a new book buyer tomorrow, right and you ultimately want to expose them to this campaign to buy. How do we build in an evergreen deadline for them?

And if somebody buys your book tomorrow? How do we do the same thing for them? You use a tool like deadline funnel for that? Okay, okay. So we got this.

I just recapping we're going our lot went over the click convert abandoned sequences so we could probably beef we could probably beat those up on our side because we are running like three emails for click probably three emails for convert and I don't even know about in three probably three more again so we can beat those up on our side. We needed deadline on the pages. We need a deadline in the campaign deadline comes up during the conversion sequences The Click is going to sort of talk about the problem and I have a solution attack that from a couple different angles convert. We're gonna say it's more solution focused. All right, that's problem.

So there's more solution Focus like get this get this get this get this before it goes away forever. In order to execute not forever not don't say forever just say right before the before this, you know, before this offer expires because you could run the offer again in two months right to the same to your house file. So you're not gonna say forever. You're just gonna say right until the offer expire the all this offer expires. So, you know, I'm in four days one of the ways we've been trying to tackle this artificial deadline urgency by making it more organic and legitimate is we're doing bundles.

We have like six products and some of them are small like things that you can only get as an upsell or sort of like bundling them in and saying this offer will expire because we don't have this bundle offer anywhere for purchase. It's just this one offer. Yeah. Let me just address for one second the legitimate, um deadline. So right what you're ultimately saying to somebody is it is a legitimate deadline.

It's just a legitimate deadline that's individual to each person. So in other words, it's kind of like saying right the moment that you walk on. The Car Lot you have a thousand dollar discount that you can use for the next 24 hours, right? So your opportunity to use this thousand dollar discount expires in 24 hours, but if Tyler walked onto the car lot in three days from now, he's gonna get the same opportunity and then for him right next Thursday his thousand dollar discount expires. So that's why it's all in the in the wording and how you're saying it you're saying you're opportunity to get this offer expires in four days, right your discount expires in four days your opportunity to get this deal expires in 24 hours or expires today.

I didn't say that nobody like you have to understand Kyle when you when you when you see a Frank Kern offer and Frank Kearns offer for you expires at midnight that don't mean that it expires for everybody at midnight it expires for you at midnight. That's what happens when you go Go into an evergreen campaign that other people might expire tomorrow and other people might expire the next day, but for everybody they have the same window of time and it's and it's expiring everybody gets a deadline in the same opportunity. Okay. Okay. I I hear you there and we use deadline funnel to help us do that.

I would say until we get a little bit more sophisticated. I am cool with our next campaign or two just being a little bit of like seriously. We'll just take away the bundle offer Friday. So first the easiest thing that the easiest thing to do, I mean easy in terms of the deadline is just to run fixed date campaigns, right? So if you were, you know, if you next week or whatever it is, you know, uh one week from now you decided that you were going to do the same thing.

You were gonna have another click sequence and another conversion sequence for another offer. Then you would just use fixed date and then you could just use the deadline built into click funnels and then the only difference there is that everybody expires on the same date. So some people might see the offer today and it might be expiring tonight other people saw the offer three days ago and it's still expiring tonight, but that's you know, like it expires on a specific date. Yeah, as we get the grasp of the concepts of these different types of sequences, there's three sequences which makes it very simple. So as we get there's three sequences if you're using and if you're using a two-step checkout, right like when you're whenever you use a two-step checkout you are you're gonna use a yeah, you're gonna have an abandoned sequence.

We don't always use a two-step checkout sometimes what we do. I'll show you this I'll show you this right now as a matter of fact right now this promotion This thing I'm gonna show you this on the screen. I'll share my screen. Show you this let me see here. If you this talk about really simplifying things, so here's a promotion for this.

You know, basically it's how to increase your average order value. You can see that um, it expires in two days 11 hours 52 minutes. So it expires July 31st, and that's all throughout this like you'll see July 31st huge discount 70% off Another countdown timer right here. And this is the order form there is no there is no checkout button or anything this page. The order form is built into the bottom of this page.

So our click and conversion sequence is very very simple. It's literally right it's you know, it's three days of Click emails to see if people are interested in boosting their aov once. They click over to this page. They either buy or they don't for the people that buy they don't know they don't no longer get any marketing about this they get the customer. Thank you sequence for the people that don't buy they then get leading up to July 31st.

They then get the click sequence conversion sequence emails. So the everybody that visited this page and doesn't buy is gonna get a whole bunch of emails from us between now and and Sunday, in fact, we started yesterday. So two emails a day yesterday to emails today to emails tomorrow and then five on Sunday. That kind of begs the question like why not do it two step here. Oh, it's a good question.

I don't know why the the team set this page up the way that they did. I don't know. I don't know why. Okay, we'll do the two steps because they were thinking sometimes I think look I will say this that for whatever reason and this isn't this is don't take this as gospel. Right?

Because there's we do a ton of testing and there's so much variation, but we do well when for whatever reason we do well when we have our order form built in right on the page right for whatever reason we do well right like there, you know, like if you really think about it, you know like You know at the end of the day anybody that hits this page and doesn't buy is gonna get followed up with the conversion sequence. And so I don't like, you know, You know like from a tracking perspective if you want to see how well the order form is doing right and it's a separate page. Then you need to use a a two-step but We don't need to like what's the value of the two step here? You know what? I mean?

Like, what's the what are we gaining from it? We just keep it real simple. Anybody that is anybody that hits this page and doesn't buy gets followed up with and I love these kind of campaigns to be honest with you because they're super straightforward. Right. It's super simple.

so that was one of the things like one sort of like sending them to this kind of page the order form built in and out those magnets that you terrible on the desk the order forms built in and it's like with our seven pages campaign. We only got 10 people to get to them button where they could put in the two steps only 10 people reach order form and only 10 people got hard follow-ups. Yeah. So, um, that's we did talk about this like aren't aren't we gonna be leaving sales and say well because some people who refuse to just sit through it who would have maybe bought because I was just offering a product like I'm not talking waiting to buy anything for an hour. So with that I you know, you mentioned a tool where you could pick up where you left off on the vsl.

Do you know what kind of tool would allow that? Yeah, there's a tool. Well, so wistia allows you to do that Listia costs an arm and a leg. I mean our our video bill is is absolutely absurd um vitilytics is another one that's wildly popular. I love vitalytics and I'm trying to convince the team to move to vitalytics because of the marketing things that you can do with it, like some rock star things.

Like if somebody pauses the video you can have an image displayed like teasing them about what's what they're about to miss. There's like some cool stuff that you can do with it. Um, But you know the the what was I just gonna say based on what you said? People who won't sit there for him. Yeah, so like and this is a deep, you know, this this is a this is a deep discussion because so what you could also do right like what you could also do is as part of the follow-up sequence.

You could. Let me see here. so you could have other pieces of content that you expose people to. that that ultimately identifies who's interested in who's not so hypothetically in the follow-up sequence, right? Let's say let's say let's do this.

Let's go back to this bad boy. Let's go back over here. And so let's just say hypothetically that you've got this, you know, there's a video over here. You're you're offering the video the vsl and now and we said that you have a 10,000 person list that you put in here and 8,000 people didn't buy. Well one of the things that you 8,000 people excuse me, never clicked on any of these one of the things that you can do is then put them into another click sequence that offers them a different piece of content, right?

So it's got a little bit of a different angle like hey you I just wrote an 11 page report all about research. Are you interested? Do you want it right like and right you have a click sequence for that and then The people the people that clicked on that right, then you put them into another click sequence that says hey since you expressed interest in the report, I've got a program on Research. Would you like more information about it? Yes, then you send them to the vsl or then you send them to the long-form sales page, right?

So it's just depends on how they're they behave what action that they take right. But so another words you do have the ability to follow up with people that were like, I'm not interested in watching a video about research, but maybe they're interested in a in an 11 page report called the Agora research secret right all about how you do your research to blah blah and then those people raise their hand and say yeah, I love that. I'd love that report cool. We have a click we have a click sequence for that that same same, you know, same thing. We have a click sequence over here that offers this report, right?

It's for three days, right the people that don't click on this. We take them out the people that do we then drop them into it into a different click sequence. That's like hey, I've got a training on this. Are you interested? Yeah, boom now they go over here and now they get put into the conversion sequence see so there are different ways that you can get them to that conversion sequence.

Does that make sense? I know I'm talking about a lot. There's a lot of a lot here, but there are different pads that you can you you can bring people down remember that in your case. I don't remember how many people you have on your your email list call it 4,000 something like that. Give or take whatever whatever.

What is it fine for thousand twenty four thousand on your email list, right? So think about this 24,000 on your email list you got 790 of them to go over and watch the vsl. Does that mean that the other 23,000 are not interested in research? No, maybe there's something else that we can get that a different hook a different angle that we can get them to raise their hand right with a different click sequence. Right.

So you have to look at that offer. You have 24,000 people on your email list. You got 790 of them to right you got 23,000 other people that never even saw that BSL. Okay, that's right. There's a lot there's a lot to think about and it really goes well beyond the scope of of this call what I would tell you the big takeaways for you.

There. Are there are you know, there are four main takeaways for you number one most important what we started with and that is the vsl. And that is you got to have benefit driven problem solving. It's got to be all about what it'll do for them. You got to stop trying to Talk them into buying or educate them into buying you got to stop explaining what the thing is.

No one cares what the thing is. They only care what it'll do for them. They don't care the reasoning behind it. Right unless it's linked to benefit change transformation Improvement more sales better conversions higher commissions, whatever it may be right unless it eliminates their blank page blah blah nightmares and let it unless it eliminates their confusion allowing them the right quicker bang out sales letters, you know have winners make the big money right? That's what they care about.

That's you're you're you're more direct offer lead type campaigns need to be filled to the brim with Benefits. You need to focus on the prospect not the thing not the widget, right the widget only gets introduced in the end. It's the thing that's gonna deliver all these results for them. You got to also make sure that you're not selling a commodity that it's your unique prior proprietary approach method system something they cannot get anywhere else. And something that is superior to the Commodities right of like you got to be able to say to them.

If you just want general research information, man, you could go YouTube that you're gonna find General stuff if you want to dial repeatable reliable system proven to identify exactly what you need to say to drive people to want to buy immediately from you. Then you want XY x y z. So you got to focus on that number two, the deadline you got to have a reason for people to buy now, right every campaign that you release needs to have a deadline right so that you give people a reason to respond now and so that on the last day you can leverage that, um that fear of missing out where you're where you'll see a pop of sales. And then lastly the thing that I would say is you're you need to you need to have that you need to make sure that once people raise their hand and express interest from your conversion. From your conversion sequence focus on getting them the respond to the offer.

Focus on getting them to the to respond to the offer. The reality is dude here here if you really want to really simplify it right once somebody clicked on this link and goes over to the vsl. I don't care I'm gonna talk to them about the offer in here. I'm gonna talk to them about your chance to get this product right? It's worth three grand.

You can get it right now for 697 bucks. Here's what it's gonna do for you. It's gonna do x y z go back here. Click the button get it make more money tomorrow like kind of thing, right and so I'm gonna focus on converting that person of interest into a buyer period over and that's our impasse as our well, let's say our point of struggle now is that this person's damn hell? Yeah.

I want that and then they go and they play. There's no video control. There's no progress bar for them to know how long to sit there before that button appears that they move to the order for that was I think that's hurting us. Yes. So what you could do Kyle is right, and I know that this is a gigantic mess over here.

But what you could do is right, so you've got this whoops this click sequence over here, right? And so if they if they click right we drop them into this conversion sequence over here, right? So but let's say hypothetically what you're saying is you're afraid that they clicked on one of those emails. They went over to that video. There's no player controls.

It's one hour long. They are and they haven't bought. Well, there's nothing that says Kyle that let's say right let's just go back to this and just say that these are hypothetically the, you know, call it. You know, let's just say, you know, six emails three two emails over three days. Let's just say hypothetically there's nothing that says that let's say this email right here can't send them to a different page.

That's not the same vsl. You could send them to a page that has a 10 minute vsl version with you on it, but it has to give the offer right so you don't have to always send them back to the same page. So you could send them to write a page that has a 10 minute be you could send them to this this one might send them to a long a long form sales letter version of the vsl page over here this one over here might send them to you know, a page that's got a bunch of testimonials with the offer at the bottom and then a buy button over here. So there's nothing that says that you have to send them to the same exact thing. Right, like in our E5 Campaign which Tyler may have seen we send we have a variety of pieces of content that you could say that like, let's say this is our mean, you know sales letter right?

And in this email the conversion sequence, we send them to the sales letter maybe in this email. Also, we send them to the sales letter in this one. We might send them to a web page that's got a bunch of testimonials and then at the bottom there's a button and that button brings them over to the sales page. And then in this one we might do the same thing send them to this page this email might send him to a page with a bunch of endorsements from Top marketers in our case. And then at the bottom has a button to get the E5 method and sends them over to the sales page, right?

This one might send them to a different page that Scott my backstory and how I developed the E5 method and why it's unbelievable and then it's got a button at the bottom that sends them to the sales page. So you can still end right and then over here still doesn't matter right the next day. Let's just call it over here. They're gonna get a bunch of emails. That's like today is your last day to get E5 right?

And what are these going to do? These are gonna all drive to the sales letter. Right last day. It's expiring today. Right this email is last day.

This email is you're about to miss out this email is right. You don't even have to say yes today, right just say maybe get it use the 30 May 30 day money back guarantee get the whole thing right now solve all of your problems over here. This one is, you know, five hours left to go and then this disappears go over here and get it. Now. This one is right Final Notice go get it right now done.

Boom. Okay, a couple point on Tyler. Next week is our multimedia track that Yep. Okay, a couple things one make sure it's a deadline on the page two go over the copy again and at the early stages make sure we have these benefit driven lines at the top of the copy saying what your life is gonna look like once you have this here's what's going to happen to you. This is gonna we can review the this video Todd listening Evergreen benefits that will work for any of our offers about conversions business exploding more commissions that needs to go to the top.

Um, everything was one other thing. the next week the next week we should prepare to send a campaign with this sort of style with this sort of setup and we should start. Working in a transcription page and sales like text page for people on them. On the conversion sequence, okay. That's I just wanted to recap that have it here on the record before I forgot.

All right, so anything anything else there any other questions besides me like Alexander Tyler? I'm good. damage a good Good, I'll send this to you. Um Kyle I got a jump. I'm already crazy late for another call.

But I'm gonna send this to you in a little bit. I'll have Glenda slackity or else I'll just slack the recording for you. Um, and what I would love for you guys to do is when you've got this put together for your next campaign somebody whether it's Tyler or you Kyle whatever put together a little loom video for me and show me what you put together right? Show me the campaign walk me through the campaign the steps and send it to me before the campaign goes live. Okay.

So let's have that all baked out and ready to go by Thursday fellas. I know we haven't started building the next one. Yeah, the one that's gonna look like this because next week I'm traveling. So I'm traveling for a conference. I think from out Friday to Monday through Monday.

Day, so just make sure either get it to me before then or just know that I won't be able to see it until Tuesday or maybe while I'm flying. I can take a look at it. So just get it to me is the sooner the better. Okay, definitely want to try to have it to you by there because we got to do like our Yeah by Thursday. I want to have this ready to go and over by Thursday good.

All right anything else? It's great. Thanks. Thanks so much. Thanks for the extra time and and all this stuff.

Of course, we're gonna nail this. This is all new to you. It's new language. It's right like just like anything man. The first time you see this it it's daunting.

It's crazy. We're gonna continue to dial this in right like here is the the my mission with you Kyle is I am going to turn you into a wildly effective online marketer, right? And so like I'm gonna show you how to use these strategies at play. Like we've been doing this for five years now, right? Like I'm gonna show you how to just continue to to create these like and you'll this will become second nature to you and so watch this bad boy again, and then we'll we'll talk shortly and I'll keep my eye out next week for a loom video from you guys and so cool.

Sounds great. Thanks so much, Todd. You got it. Thank you guys.
