---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-04 17:01:12"
date: 2022-11-04
duration: 1h 15m
duration_seconds: 4522
vimeo_id: 767414245
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2022-11-04 17:01:12

**Date:** 2022-11-04 | **Duration:** 1h 15m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

so we we sent I think it was a total of four emails. Okay over probably as many days directly to the infocast we then sent we did sort of the behavioral Basics. So we had a click sequence. So if somebody click through but they didn't see the CTA. We sent two more emails to have that drive them back to it.

If they saw the CTA we pushed them right through to an application CTA sequence that I think have three or four emails in it over as many days and we eventually let everyone into the application sequence because we just wanted to drive a little action right now. So but yeah, the 10 applications that I mentioned were strictly people who had watched the infocast we had in the same time period about 25 applications, but we only ended up of those I think it was 14 just because some of them were just Not quality, but granted some of those 25 also came from our front end. And came from other places and things like that. So, okay. And so, um what I would love at some point, there's no rush in this but um, I'd love for you to pop those emails that you use to drive people to the infocast until like a PDF for me and then send it over to me slack it to me so that I can take a look at that.

What is the so how many total people receive those emails? About 7,000 about 7,000 with call it you said 279 unique visitors. So 279 clicks out of the 7000. Okay. So yeah, let's let's definitely take a look at a you know, put those in a PDF and send those over to me.

Um, and so and then you said about 80 of the of the 279 80 about 80 saw the CTA 27 clicked over to the app ten of those people actually applied. They were all approved and thus far one confirmed sale. Yeah, okay, that's what up and there's still probably those that have their deadline still. Yeah, that's also really the beauty what you should see over time when you use a you know, a click and conversion sequences. You'll see a lot of you'll see some lag so you should see some you know, like you could see that for the next couple weeks really as people go back and click on older emails.

But and so what is your what's your takeaway from this? What's your feeling your takeaway anything you? We need more things like it I think is probably the the first thing I mean, we knew that anyway, but it felt confirmed and you know it but also I think also the the angle of the infocast with the you know, High ticket sales without a sales call definitely hit home for a fair number of people. I think it hit home for and a higher average quality applicant as well, which is honestly all not terribly surprising it was you know, sort of confirming suspicions hypotheses. If you will about most of those things just glad to have it out and have it as a resource now.

Yeah. Okay. Um, okay. I mean I I think look so let me ask you a question first and then I'll give a couple comments. And so what do you normally see?

What's the normal kind of conversion rate when you get an application in the application is Approved so in a normal, let's say normally when you get 10, what do you typically see in terms of sales? An applications are 10 approved 10 approve 10 apps that get approved. yeah, so, um I would I think I looked at the lifetime number recently and it was something like 14% lifetime of approved applicants granted. That's not not all of those conversions have happened inside of the initial window. Some of them have happened subsequent follow-up campaigns and things like that.

There was a time. when we were seeing 15 to 20 percent plus conversions in the initial window granted those were also the price point ones at a different price point following other things. So there were other variables involved. It was not a hundred percent Evergreen got it. And so in other words, let's say we we bring in one more sale on those 10 and that falls slightly above the typical or right right where you typically are.

So in other words to see one maybe two is totally normal for you guys. That's that's sort of what I'm anticipating from this. Okay. So I mean look, so I think you know the big number to me that that stands out is is obviously is the 279 right? There's only so much that we can do with 279 visitors and so right it would be a wildly different conversation if that was a thousand or twelve fifty or 1500.

And so right now it's a matter of you know, it's a matter of number one looking at starting by looking at the the emails that are going out and really dialing that in to see if we can get more this way right you guys can roll out this campaign again in another few weeks some improved emails and let's see what it does to the total amount of of visitors, you know, if we've got 7,000 people on there while you know, we're not gonna get 4,000 of them to click over but we need to see more than than 279. Other than that. I mean, I I other than that I think the rest of the campaign the rest of the numbers look pretty good. It's now a matter of increasing volume of people that were exposing to the to the campaign but as well kudos on now you have a bullet now, you have something again five six weeks you fire that bad boy again. And so and this time right slight Improvement and then the next time slight Improvement and so um, So cool.

Tell me real quick before we move on from this. What's the follow-up process? You don't have to get into a crazy detail, but give me an overview of the follow-up process for an application that is approved. Oh, we just updated it so I can give you the more or less exact. situation one second So share my screen here.

All right, so they're about 14 emails go out over. five six-ish days depending on when they apply because it ends at midnight on like the Today plus five days or something like that. And so they also get a couple of SMS messages in between So did you do let's see here. Basically, so they they apply before they're they're approved. They receive sort of an instant we received.

we received your application email that sort of pre-suading if you will and We also share some social proof and sort of get them in and then the next email is sort of indoctrination and engagement trying to get them connected trying to sort of start the conversation to open things up granted. Mind you this literally launched last night like this does not what we've been sending. This is what we're going to be sending. We took something similar though. This isn't this is not like we did nothing before.

Oh, of course nice content is content brand new. Yeah. Got it. Thanks same concept. Sure.

Yeah, and so, let's see here. basically, one of the big things that we did is we took sort of like and sort of all of our overarching learnings about the the message and sort of the evolution of how people have been responding to it over time and worked that into this took a lot of your coaching and feedback and even some of the trainings in the last Mastermind around email specifically and selling the click as you talked about one of your recent feedbacks to us and really focused on doing that with this right when you reviewed this before you said and I know because I listenedly recently listen to the recording, you know, you're selling and the emails whereas we want to set we want to drive the click and so it's not that there's no selling happening in the emails is that not that there's no persuasion happening in there. Now, it's that it much more focused on driving the click um, or creating engagement in some capacity in a sales form us IE a conversation like they're chatting or their messaging or something. And so they would also. Get a text sort of driving them back to the email.

So we're using text to drive back to the emails or or to initiate a conversation. And so the approval email application status update for time ever gonna miss Sutter. And so we let them know they've been accepted and then what we're doing here is in the first phase of the follow-up. We're driving to consume the webinar recording. Essentially and so instead of just hey go and roll.

Hey go and roll hago enroll hago enroll deadline deadline deadline. It's We're making it very clear up front the deadline we're really putting that front and center because we want them to know like hey, this is your chance that was not as boldly placed this early in the campaign in the past. And so nor did we really encourage them all that strongly to consume the replay. So now the first I think it's 48 hours at least over. Let's see here.

So so in the app the approval email we're sending them in and then Also once they're approved we drive them back to the email to let them know that there's an update on their application. And then if they start watching the video we send them this text message saying have you had a chance to watch it any questions about how this could work for you again specifically trying to elicit conversation because we want them to while we're not having a phone call with them. We want them to know like their actual humans here if you have questions if you need support, yeah. Yeah. Um, and so so the first email not related to the application is behind the scenesity free appease only and basically we're driving them right into watch the video again, and so driving them into the video reminding that the deadline talking about sort of what's possible.

And then I'll see here. And then actually here we're sort of addressing like just because we don't do sales calls doesn't we don't like talking that we love chatting with people like you. It's just calls or sort of clunky and old-fashioned. So if you want to chat with us here, tell all the ways you can do that. And so throughout the whole campaign from this point forward.

We're sort of An in every email we're driving them to enroll or to have a conversation with us God and so because we want them to engage. Got it and let me ask you this. And so what you know, we're gonna obviously this is new and so we're gonna see how this you know, how this does and how this performs for you guys. But so scroll down for one second. I'm curious based on your audience without getting caught in the weeds, but just for my own kind of edification from my own understanding of your of your of your audience.

So what percentage of your people would you say? Would say that they currently have a business. Like another words they have a business now and they're coming to you guys to improve that business. Versus get into business versus let's say be you know, they're they're an expert they want to share their expertise. They want to they want to you know charge a chunk for their expertise, but they don't yet have a business good question if I had to guesstimate I'd say 70ish percent would say they have a business.

Okay got it. And Okay, that's fair Jim. Of the current clients. Yes, but of the people that were approving these days I would say it's a hundred percent have a business. We're not approving people who are just starting out anymore, but there are people that are in the program that work that did fit that category because we used to be more lenient now that we have scalable coach coming out.

Or being a lot stricter about not letting people and they don't have businesses because scalable coaches where they need to be. okay, and it's so and so that they they have a business and would you say that they would Um, do they describe it talk about it as a business in other words when they when they have conversations with you do they say in my business in my online business. Do they say do they use the word business? I mean yes, like or do they say like, you know, I know that this might seem like Nuance but so they say like, I really want to grow my online business or do they say, let's say I really want to grow my online sales. Our coaching clients.

Yeah, you know I I think it really varies. It's hard sometimes for me to parse out sort of the answer these types of questions because we do have sort of multiples and the audience it's it's not like we've got like a horde of a bunch of people that are just like they're all so aligned and like, all right pretty wide array, but I would I would say generally speaking. Um, we have probably at least half of our audience would say they'd be focused on just getting more clients, right and then or or maybe sales audience or current clients who kind of I'm talking about audience because I think that's the question was and then and then the the other I would say would probably be sure business. Yeah, okay got it. And so for what it's worth.

I'll just plant this little little seed. Like I said, we're the, you know, let this run because right this is new and let's see how well it performs for you guys. Um, but you know there sometimes that little, you know, depending on the audience and depending on the sophistication of the audience. You know talking like when you use a phrase like scale your business that is definitely a phrase that tends to be on the higher level of sophistication. Right?

Like it takes a it takes a business mindset with some level of experience to even use the word scale in in a conversation or a discussion and so sometimes You know kind of lowering the the the sophistication of the phrasiology that we use to describe the outcome can feel more in line for a lot of people like you might say right grow your client base grow. Your you know, your volume of clients grow the increase the amount of clients you're getting every week. So rather than for a lot of people that are that are kind of earlier in their Journey that resonates much more with them than scale your business because to a lot of folks early scale your business can mean a lot of things right and what they really ultimately want is they ultimately really want to get more clients to have more clients that are paying them more money that are staying with them longer. Um, At right that's ultimately what they want. And so you you know, you want to just make sure that you're you know, like so sometimes you don't have to do this like flat out across the board all the time.

But sometimes, you know, you might say at the beginning of an email scale your business or somewhere else in the email scale your business in another place. Say it a little differently say it bring it back to that little basic like right this will get you more clients get you clients paying more money and keep your clients paying you long term, like right very easy to understand more specific and more align with what a lot of people want. If you even look at our marketing which tends to be much more, you know, appeal to much more sophisticated folks. I even often times try to stay away from scale your business. I might say right like increase your your customer acquisition or but I'm trying to get as close to that.

That the the language and the outcome that they ultimately want just take it, you know just ponder that for you know for later on, you know, does that make sense? Yeah. Okay. Um The other thing also for what it's worth and I just ironically I just had this I was just actually critiquing or giving some feedback for Damian on some emails and one of the other things that we you know is and it might sound like Nuance but it's just not and that is you want to make sure that you are are as specific in the um in the promise as you can be without alienating a chunk of your audience. So in other words, you know, like, you know your business runs smooth that's such a vague general statement like and right and you know and and Damian because he writes so fast he writes in a lot of vague general, you know, like everything is smoother.

Your business will be smooth or you'll have less headaches. It's so vague. It's one thing to say you'll have less headaches. It's another thing to say like, right you'll you'll no longer put A dollar into traffic and only get back 50 cents or 75 cents. Now write every time you invest a dollar in traffic.

You'll turn it into a dollar twenty five or more. It's very different to say those two things. And so if you're thinking about these these things that are stressing them like you'll no longer be stressed you're better off saying you'll no longer be stressed about X Y and Z you're you're better off giving a tangible specific concrete example, so that it it doesn't it's not just, you know, it's not just puffering for for lack of a better word. That being said, let's go over to scalable coach and talk to me a little bit about the So talk to me about you said you wanted two things. I noted to talk about the message and the offer.

So let's start with the offer. Yeah, so we don't have anything like solidified or anything in stone. Yeah, but this is this is sort of the Okay, so first tell me tell me the promise. So right you're talking to somebody, you know, casually and right like what do I get? Like what's gonna happen for me?

What's gonna change for me in my life? What's gonna be different when I go through, you know the scalable Coach master class. What's the promise? We're going to fill a new or upgraded High ticket group program with clients and eight weeks or less. Okay, and so you're so let's say that one more time.

So they write you're going to there they're gonna have they're gonna have a filled High ticket program in eight weeks or less. Yeah. Okay, so beautiful. I I dig it. Um okay, and okay, and so now tell me.

Tell me a little bit. Give me share with me the and what is the what is the mechanism that? You're going to teach them or equip them with two. to do this that separates you guys from the other like if if I said to you hey Lucas, we want to be able to say we're gonna launch and fill a high ticket, you know, um, your own high ticket group coaching program in eight weeks or less and this is wildly different this approach is wildly different than what the majority of people talk about when they talk about high ticket programs because What would you say after that? Well, I think it depends on what you're with you're asking about the offer like creating that offer itself or how it's been marketed and sold.

So let's talk about from a marketing a marketing perspective. Right? So let's I'm just gonna play Devil's Advocate. This is what I do all the time when I'm alone and I'm writing some some copy or forming a message or with my team right? I'll always say a Playing devil's advocate, right?

So, hey Lucas a lot of people out there that teach High ticket, you know coaching programs. What's different about your your model? Why should I feel confident that your model and your approach is gonna give me the win rather than somebody else I think most people fail to sell a new high ticket offer because they don't get the offer in front of the right people and that comes down to having the right message and just putting it in front of them in the first place and I think that so many people get caught up in the constructs of marketing and tactics and all these various things people never even get to the point of getting it out into the market. So we take all of that out and we focus on exactly what's going to sell which is how you're putting the offer together how you're talking about it and then just getting it in front of those people as fast and as simple as possible without the tech headaches Etc. Okay, and so have you and you know, you likely know where where I'm where I'm going with this, right?

So this is I'm right. This is my we're Partners my business money reputation livelihood on the line. So right where I would go next is I would say Okay Lucas. So let's look at what it is that we're gonna teach them through this process like what we're gonna teach them for And third fourth right what we're going to teach them through this process and let's form it into. A form it into so you've got the form it into what I would what we would call a mechanism.

So ultimately I want to be able to say right if you're like look, let me take a step back and do this as quickly as I can. So right if we are making a promise to somebody that others have made before right then we have to differentiate and you know the way that we did right if we were making a new promise if we were introducing a brand new thing. We were the first people to talk about high ticket coaching or something like that then cool. All we got to do is make that promise that's differentiating that's differentiated enough. But when we're making a promise that others are making we now need to differentiate and so where we differentiate is we say, right we say we're going to teach you this we're gonna we're gonna equip you with and show you how to set this up using the hybrid.

Coaching model that that leverages the the three pillars that we've identified allow you to go from XY or do X Y and Z. Let me tell you how it works and why this process of launching, um, a, you know, a high ticket coaching program work so effectively and is able to work so quickly and only eight weeks and then we unpack a little bit of the mechanism like the the framework behind it. Does that make sense? Yeah, we just haven't done that work on this yet. Okay, that's that's cool.

But that's the next like that's where so this is the almost the you know, it's it's almost like saying, you know, these are the necessary, you know, these are the this is what we need to do first to then be able to create the marketing message because most of the marketing message is Gonna Come From. All right, we we've like and you could you know how to do this. And so we've identified we've got a unique approach to rolling out and filling a high ticket coaching program and that's why it works. So well, that's why you can feel so confident in that this is going to be a winner for you. And this is why it's able to work in eight weeks or less while other people teach you merely set up and Tack and often overwhelm and these general principles.

We're gonna equip you with this framework that we've proven in our own business we Proven with clients is able to make this happen. Let me tell you how and why it works and what you can expect to experience. That's ultimately the message. So just ponder it right and we could certainly as you begin to work on it. You can certainly we could you know, you could bounce ideas off of me for it.

But it's there. You just have to pull it out. So we're we're in a bit of a time crunch because yeah this launched and sold and basically the first week of December which means we need a vsl recorded before then and emails right for them and etc. Etc. We're looking to do like minimum viable here though, you know.

I hear you in the differentiation piece and I definitely want to go the distance. You know, I think let me could you scroll up for one second as I might just be able to simplify this we just scroll up once I so, is there a reason why you're not the promise isn't just a launch and Phil High ticket Evergreen group a coaching program. Is there a reason why it's just not a hybrid coaching? I don't think I I don't know that enough people know what that means. Well, that's the beauty the beauty is right that then you explain that right?

This is another words and I don't want to another words right like It right it is right and the the hybrid coaching program is what makes it so is what makes it easy what allows us right? We've proven this out, right it this is wildly different from your typical high ticket group coaching program. See like that's the thing that ultimately Lucas we want to be able to say you want to be able to say right? I'm not talking about your typical group coaching program that if you've been around for any any length of time you've heard of we're gonna teach you how to launch a hybrid group coaching program, which is what makes this fast and easy and why we can pack it for you in eight weeks or less. Let me explain how it works why it works and the results that you can expect to get from a from your own hybrid coaching program.

Doesn't have to be much more than that, really. Okay, um. Yeah, okay, but so okay, so eight weeks of so the scalable Coach master class is the training. That's right the training. Yeah, okay, and then the eight weeks of coaching is what how does the coaching work along with the how does the coaching work?

Yeah. So so the this is this is gonna be the training. So we're gonna do the offer then we're gonna plan their lunch. We're gonna do the messaging for it. We're going to create the content for that launch and then they're going to launch it.

And so Basically, we're going to sell an early December they're gonna have access to theoretically we're hoping we're planning to have access to through module one, which is just talking about the offer which we have a lot of this content more or less existing in some form and Eva. So we're gonna basically take it and sort of massage it a little bit for this offer and and you know record that and so it's not all from scratch and then And so it's gonna be dripped. It's gonna be dripped once a week. Yeah, so we'll drip module two on January 16th. We're gonna start officially on January 9th.

That's when we're gonna open up the community to everyone and we'll have a our coaching our first coaching call officially on January 12th. We'll probably have some sort of like welcome call and like expectation setting and whatever and all that here. So you legitimately for what it's worth you legitimately don't need module to done until January 16th. Correct. Okay.

By Design because I mean every way but that's I've done that multiple times. And so I've done that multiple times. And so that's that's the way to do it. I mean every way we slice this it would have if we wanted to sell it this quarter it would have either mean meant like starting delivery now and like breaking it up over the holidays and doing the rest in the new year or like just doing it clean and so we figured we do it clean and we also felt that this gave us time to do a first week of January last chance offer to jump in and that kind of stuff. I like it.

I like it. Um, so yeah, so that that's how it's doing and then every week not necessarily every week but most weeks there'll be a new module followed by another coaching call and the coaching call is it what's the structure of the coaching call? Is it more teaching or is it you jump on there and handle questions about the module? Yeah, it's just questions and and support and all that. Okay, and and art is each of is each coaching call gonna be specific to that week's module.

So in other words like, you know week two you can talk about anything from week one or week two, but nothing nothing beyond that obviously since they haven't so it's it's specific to that week. That is the intention. Yes. Okay. Good.

Okay. I dig it. I like it. Yeah, okay, the intentimes it will take all these recordings and these recordings will be part of the master class as well. It'll probably be some sort of bonus or something to that offer as well.

Okay, and so and the purpose in your mind of doing these coaching of doing these coaching calls is what is to make sure they have Clarity to make sure there's no gaps to make sure they understand what they need to to implement that weak. Like right. That's the purpose. Essentially, yeah, okay. And um and okay, that's cool.

So I would so if you scroll up for one second, so if you go all the way up to the offer so the eight weeks of coaching so Eight weeks of coaching. So the way that I would I would name the coaching call you could do eight weeks of coaching like you could say there's eight weeks of I would probably call it something like a I would refer to it as like eight weeks of so look. Well. Let me ask you this before I say this. So each person can get can ask their their question like so each person can get on Zoom or whatever open up their audio and ask a question.

Yeah have no idea people were gonna have so we'll see. Yeah, that's all good. All good. So right I would name it. Number one.

I would probably refer to it as um, you know one on one group coaching. Right because they do get one-on-one, you know, it's like one-on-one group coaching. Um, and then what I would do is I would refer to it as every week every week you you'll jump on a and then I would name the call like something like um and implementation, you know easy implementation call or you know, whatever you feel is appropriate for what it is that you're gonna be doing on there either implementation fast implementation call, right? So we're just rather than just the eight weeks of coaching and on these calls, you're gonna get it's eight. It's you get eight weeks of one on one group coaching right every week for eight or you whatever you get eight.

Oh what we call Accelerated implementation calls on these calls benefit benefit. Yeah, okay, right. So now cool little bit more. And so, okay. And so the community is what where is the community hosted?

It'll be hosted in circle in circle. Okay, and maybe what is the aim of the of the community? Like why are you offering the community? Um, I mean a lot of our clients, especially when they're launching their hybrid they have They love to sort of be in that energy with other people that are doing the same thing. And so I think you know being around peers that are launching of the same time being able to support each other, you know, take a look at each other's stuff things.

Like that is always right. Is this a light a lifetime community or during the program only just during the program? Yeah. So okay. The intention is we're gonna make an upgrade a full credit upgrade offer to EBA following this and part of the reason for the community.

And the coaching is that we want to build the relationship and create significant wins with them over the course of eight weeks and then and now we can do this for a whole year. Yeah, I didn't I like it, um smart and so I would also name the community right? And so that's where you can like. Maybe you sit right like for for two months you get access to the scalable coach Clubhouse. This is where right like, you know.

We don't need to call it a community call it whatever you want to call it, but I would definitely I would name it and so right the scalable coach Clubhouse inside this private, you know Community this private Gathering you will write and then benefit benefit. This is where right like don't you know focus on Like you're you know this way you're never alone. You're never more than you know minutes away from getting an answer to any question that you have. You know, you'll have a whole cheerleading section of people rooting you on as you you know, as you're you're hybrid coaching program launches and gets filled up, right? So it gives us the ability Lucas right to wheat to make it sound, you know, more dramatic more the the scalable coach Clubhouse or whatever you end up calling it.

Um, I right it's private community and weave in the overall benefits of the program. So you hurt you just heard me say as an example Lucas right that as your program is launching and filling up you'll have peel people cheering you on, you know rooting for you excited to hear your daily sales updates that just lets us weave in more benefit right plant that seed and so okay, and so now you've got the Evenly, let me just think for one second the scalable Coach master class. One thing for you, we're planning to down sell to just this following selling this offer as well. So we'll be a self-study version of the heaven. I'm selling to Smart very and the last chance upsell like Lucas mentioned as well.

If they've already bought the master class they can upsell into the lab coaching right before. Yep. Okay, so the coach Master Class The group so I mean look for for what it's worth and it it's it's not a make or break, um thing but you know master class. I almost doesn't it almost doesn't do justice to the if it is, you know, a full-blown curriculum or you know, multimedia library, right the scalable coach multimedia Library the you know, the I I tend to do I look for number one if there's a word that I'm using to describe one of our deliverables and it's a word or phrase that's used all the time. I try to find a different almost more embellished way to describe it.

So I don't want to use the same old Spiel if it's possible, but you know, so just think about that like the scalable coach multimedia Library multimedia Library Sounds a little different potentially more valuable than just a Master Class. At a bare minimum if I said master class, I would call it multi-week Master Class. But keep going and so let's go to the bonus ideas. So what is the transformational program design? so one of the most important things that every single person who's ever bought simple groups talks to us about or that works with us in EBA is that when I'm creating a group program, I don't want it to just be any old group program.

I wanted to be a group program. It's gonna change people's lives. I want it to be that's going to make a significant impact on the people that go through it. And you know, I'm not here for lip service on that. Like I want to make it significant and so we have trainings in EBA specifically designed to help them produce that where we don't just say and here are some cool ideas about what makes you know, educational programs educational like we go into the psychology behind like how do you actually build a program that does that with people and how do you take all of that out of your brain and then turn it into a critical when we give them everything from like templates to outline a lesson to outline a module to outline, you know.

Everything a resource all kinds of things. So we're thinking of literally just like pulling that from eBay and making it a bonus. I like it. I like it a lot. I I like that a lot.

I love hearing that. I love here. Excuse me here when folks want to really make an impact and make sure that there's a transformation for their clients. I would name it again. I would pick a name that is much more like right like the the impact factor or you know client like name it name.

It's something so when like you're you're out of the gate talking about like you're not like look the the transformational program design is just the vehicle that you teach them to have an impact, right? So you want to introduce this like this bonus what we call the impact factor ensures that your clients in your program get results see a massive transformation right that experience the outcome from Hybrid group coaching program that's going to change their lives blah blah blah. That's why we call it the impact factor because when you add this in blah blah blah blah benefit the impact something something along those lines. Yeah, like when you're when you're doing the benefits, yeah exactly when you're doing the benefits Lucas just take what it is that you know, they want which is ultimately why you're including the transformational program design in there. Right?

Like what do they want? How would they describe it? What would they say? I want this I want to impact people. This is for you.

So your program impacts your people. So right use their words of the outcome the result that they want right like you don't even need to the reality is with with something like the impact factor and the way that we just talked about it. You don't even need to mention transformational program design. You might talk about it in the delivery of that training, but you don't need to talk about that at all in the in the marketing because they don't care about that. They care about the impact right like so now you'll know when you lay your head on your pillow at night that you have a program that changes lives with this bonus next bonus you get Boom, I I appreciate that and these are all great idea.

This is definitely like an internal document first draft. Not even yeah. No. No, I get it. I get it.

I just would kick myself if I didn't say it anyway, and so I totally get it totally well. Um, yeah, awesome. All right, so um and so like the so the well, so the the On the on the bonuses for time purposes. So on the bonuses, I like what you said there, uh, like possible objections. What are the the concerns that you're you feel your people have that would stop them like what are the things that they doubt so And how many of those objections right there are not covered by The Core curriculum.

Meaning or are all of those things addressed as part of the court. So that that is that first one is not addressed. Is that what you're saying? um Well, like let me ask you this. So do you teach them you teach them obviously, obviously if you're teaching them how to fill their program you're gonna teach them how to get visitors.

So those are more objections right? Like like um, right I don't want to sell I don't want to sell or sell via the phone, right? So that's just an objection that you're gonna cover when you say like in the beauty is that whether you're good like you don't even need to be good at sales because there's no telephone selling. There's no jumping on the phone. There's no strategy sessions, right?

So that's just an objection that you're gonna cover in the core message. But is there anything that they might say like after they hear about the core program? Yeah, but What to be clear there is phone selling in this offer. Okay, we're not teaching them at automated or Evergreen sales here. That's exclusively an EBA God.

Okay, so and are you teaching them how to Are you equipping them to be able to sell on the phone? That's one of the bonuses got it. Okay, that's exactly why I was asking you that question. Okay, and so I'm not tech savvy don't like Tech. How do you address that?

I would address it by great because we don't need very much hardly any Tech at all to make this happen. All we need is you know, you'd be able to put people on your calendar get people on zoom and then have a way to take payment. That's pretty much all you really need at this stage. So Okay. So do you have is there is there a like call it?

You know the simple scalable coach Tech like are there yeah, these are the three that you yes, so then you could like a a bonus like a cheat sheet. That's the bonus like this is the right like and ultimately we want to be able to say like this is the you know, like there there are three simple tools. You need cost less than 69 dollars a month. We're gonna tell you exactly what they are, you know and show you exactly how to set it up like so that's it. That's an example of that.

That should be a bonus. Right because P if people can say that all sounds great Lucas, but man Tech like is a nightmare for me. I'm Tech ever like well the beauty is that with this. That's all easy taking care of right in a matter of 60 minutes or less. You're three.

Simple scalable. Coach Tech tools are set up and ready to go. Yeah. Okay, um don't warm all the warm audience thing. Do I need it?

So is it a matter of like you're gonna you're gonna teach them how to get visitors obviously to be able to fill their coaching program, correct? So, so here's the thing. We're not doing like we're not having them build a single web page. We're not having them do a single webinar or sales thing or whatever like all we're teaching them how to do is create simple emails or social media posts that they put out over the course through the three weeks that drive conversations that they use to enroll people into this program. That's all like we call it.

We sort of coined it the simple launch because there's like there's nothing special about it like yeah, but you see just as a side note. Do you see how right you coined it the simple launch forget the name, you coined it the simple launch. Why because you're teaching a model that is different from What most people attempt to do right and so that's what what one of the parts that makes this wildly different is that this doesn't require a funnel. It doesn't require extensive copy skills. It doesn't require a bunch of pages.

It doesn't require tracking. It doesn't require paid paid advertising like it's a great day. Yeah, and so, um, okay. And so then the the idea though of the do I need an audience large warm audience? That's really just a concern that you're going to be able to address when you explain that the simple launch right actually brings you the warm audience without you needing to do paid traffic a bunch of ads or anything like that.

Is that accurate Lucas? yeah, I mean basically what it's doing is it's I mean, it's it's leveraging the The connections the relationships and whatever audience you already have established to sort of bring to the surface people that you would not expect. No or even imagine could be a client but then ultimately do choose to work with you in your hybrid. So wouldn't you say wouldn't you feel comfortable saying that that I mean that's sort of that is bringing you in a warm audience. These are not people that are just random cold people like in other words.

This model does bring you in a warm audience. We didn't say hot. We didn't say eager ready to buy but we're saying this actually gets you the one this actually Taps into your your an existing warm or it brings you the warm audience. And you have to that's like for me if you can if if for me, I see that as this is a vehicle a non-advertising non-funal way to bring a warm audience right to to expose your offer to a warm audience. You don't have to get into the Nitty Gritty details of how it works like posting and emails in the marketing.

Right? But part of what it is that you're gonna You're Gonna Learn a simple system that like brings you the warm audience without you having to do paid advertising. So what that means for you and then you go on you don't have to get into the Nitty Gritty details. Birth, does that make sense Lucas or you you see in that are not seeing it? Yeah.

No I'm saying it. Okay. All right. Okay and to be clear there's Virtually no audience growth from anything that's happening in this program to be clear. And so I think one of the main objections that we get that this is connected to or that this is probably even born out of more than anything else is like well, I don't have an audience.

And so and I think I think part of the objection handling is like, okay great the audience you do have that you think you don't have are the people that are going to be buying from you and we're gonna use a simple strategy to get them to buy from you. Um, and so, you know, I think like because a lot of people that have worked that have done this strategy might have 200 people on an email list half a witch or family and friends the other half. They got business cards everything and then and then the rest of Their audience is like social, you know, lukewarm social media connections and whatever and so the process of the launch activates and converts those folks. Yeah. And so what I would tell I totally get it totally make sense to me dig it.

What I would say is I wouldn't go too deep. Into that like because you just expose yourself to well. I don't really have that many people or wait. I don't want to have to go to my friends or wait and buy from me. I've got no credibility from them.

So you you don't you want to reveal enough to just let them know that if you're concerned about the warm audience this takes care of it for you, right but we don't want to pull back too much of the curtain to expose ourselves to them saying Ah, that's not gonna work for me. My friends are no money or I don't have connections or I'm intimidated by reaching out to those people. So all we're trying to do is address the concern just enough to address the concern. You don't need to get into the detail. I would not I would stay away from anything like you already have these people.

We're just gonna show you that I would stay away from all. Got it. Okay, so the price point so I just want to see. three, so 2247 And this is what we talked about in Orlando. Yep.

I dig it. I like it. So the money back guarantee until the end of the day Junior after the second coaching call or conditional do the work first two weeks. We were trying to decide yeah. Because basically most of the people that buy I imagine will be buying in early December and this won't be starting until early January or to do like a date, you know, yeah.

So let me ask you this. So if you did a conditional. um Is there a reason why you would why you do the work for the first two weeks rather than conditional rather than like you could do both of those. Right like you get it you get like like we've dialed this in so much. We're so confident that we're gonna give you two guarantees number one, if for any reason or no reason what so ever you are not thrilled by your second coaching call you go through the two modules two coaching, you know, two two rapid implementation sessions.

You're not Head Over Heels thrilled with the results the progress the training and where you're at you let us know and you'll get all of your money back guarantee number two, and then guarantee number two would be the conditional but if I was gonna do a conditional And this is me being completely transparent here. So this is gonna sound ugly when I say this, but this is the This is the brutal truth. I wouldn't do a two week. I would do the eight week because the reality is is that um is that number one? I want people to implement the full eight weeks and the reality is is that far less people will Implement for the full eight weeks then people that can Implement for two weeks, right?

So another words like it's just that much more it that much more powerful. Right? Like, you know, it's not much more powerful. Go ahead. I'm sorry, you can pull out early for no reason at all, but you got to do the work or yeah, like right.

Yeah. Okay guarantees, like look if for any reason or no reason whatsoever, you're not Head Over Heels Blown Away by what it is that's going on by the progress you're making by the ease of this system, right and what it's already doing for you or right? You send us one email and you'll get all your money back guarantee number two is this and then I would give the conditional guarantee which is like you go. through the entire program and you know, this is where you can go as bold as you want right and by let's say You know eight weeks right by week eight or maybe you even want to do right 10 weeks to give them a little buffer to implement right 10 weeks. Um, you either have a coaching program that has brought you in a minimum of $5,000 or we're gonna give you all of your money back, uh, you know, plus an extra 250.

All you need to do is complete three simple Steps step one is you need to go through each each of the training modules step. Number two, you need to attend each of the live implementation sessions step three, you need to fill out a, you know, a little a simple spreadsheet once a week letting us know exactly what it is that you've done. Those three steps. All we're asking you to do is complete the program and at the end in 10 weeks you've either you have a program that's made you 5,000 or we're gonna give you 100% of your money back plus 250. Like that's just an example, right?

The reality the reality is this and I hate that the ugly part is the reality is this is that the majority of people by week four will miss one of those pieces will you know, they'll for you know, they'll um, but you know, I we did it and put ourselves on the hook for a lot of money when we did a public launch for E5 and I think we got one refund like one one refund with the extra money and we did like an extra thousand bucks or something like that and they did all the steps. Yeah. They did all the steps like we did, you know, they did all the steps and I don't even remember most anything men to get the refund. I don't know me if you were gonna do all those steps. Come on.

No one maybe I don't know but you know, that's you know, we're gonna you know, and so that's where like what it allows you to do and look, You don't have to it. If you were gonna do the if you were gonna choose between one of those I would choose the money back guarantee until the end of you know, go through to you know, go through two full weeks two full modules two full coaching sessions live implementation sessions and you are either Blown Away Head Over Heels blah blah or you get your money back if I was going to choose between one of those that's the one that I would go with. Yeah, but if I was really trying to go the distance to give myself marketing juice marketing power, um, I would do both right there's that's a wildly powerful guarantee to be able to say to somebody like in 10 weeks from now. You have a coaching program that has brought you an extra $2,000 $3,000 1,5000 whatever it is, um or right you're gonna get all of your money back plus an additional 250 dollars meaning Lucas. You absolutely cannot lose you either walk away with a minimum of five.

Dollars and additional sales or you walk away with an extra $250 cash in your pocket. You cannot lose that's how confident we are and what this will do for you. That's that's a tough thing to it's a tough proposition to not view with a with level a level of credibility. Yeah, well, we have an abundance of social proof for This Promise as well. So, um, that's awesome.

Yeah and insane proof for that. So awesome. I love it man. I think that that's a great that's a solid offer you take, you know name the like we talked about the community the bonus ideas make sure that you've got bonuses that fill in those gaps based on the objections there. I think 1997 is a sweet price point.

Um, I think the the 749 at three pay is a great payment plan. I think for me the only kind of you know, the thing that I just want to make sure that we dial in is the script for the vsl. And so like if you and you know, I just want to make sure that you know like and so I would say that when you you do that if it's over the next five days or whatever. It is Lucas, please send it to me. Make sure that you send it to me make sure that you message.

And let me get my eyes on it right before you record it. Yeah, if it's possible, I would I mean if it's possible. Well, so I'm right now and and this was the last thing that I wanted to talk about, but I know we're overtime Zone and respect that it's good. I got another it's all right, I have until two 15 and so keep going. Um, so the thing I'm actually working on right now is Eva webinar updates the the webinar vsl updates.

And so, um, you know, I'm I've re-listened back to our last calls about this because I feel like our conversion could and should be better on EBA from approval to sale in particular and you know, I'd really love to see it probably in the I mean like right now it's at about 14% lifetime. I'd like to see it closer to 15% on the initial window. Um, and so meaning when you say in the initial window meaning within that that follow-up time period after somebody applies and is approved, correct? Yeah. Okay.

Yeah, so I'd like to see it closer to 15% in that initial window Following being approved. and so I've been working on the on the message and one of the basically the in a nutshell the last time we talked about this, you know, we you said you know. Evergreen OS is cool. But you think self-scaling systems is really hot. And and so, you know the I've been really torn between like Do people even have?

An idea of what self-scaling systems is, is that what they really want? Um and do they want self-scaling systems for the freedom. Do they want self-scaling systems for the sales and I've sort of been getting a little bit a little bit tied up. Yeah. Okay.

So let's and right like look so I'm gonna ask you a couple questions, but I want to make an important point for you. So while I think self-scaling systems, I still think that that's hot. Okay. I still think that that's hot but that might be something that we put to the side that might be that's I know that there are people that are attracted to the idea of cell scaling systems like just based on what it is that you shared with me, but that might not be exactly what it is that your audience wants. So with that so that just means that we just set self scaling systems aside and we say hey maybe we'll do that with something else.

Maybe when we go to more sophisticated people we're gonna use that but so so tell me this so What is the what's the big the the obstacle or problem that people have? that EBA solves the great question that I wish I had a short answer to you know, I I think you know with the Evergreen OS right? There's three components, right? So we're installing self scaling systems to help you serve your clients sell without sales calls and as well attract new customers, we're doing friends sort of customer acquisition with them on top. So, you know, I think the the thing is like people genuinely come in for any one of those three things or for reasons inside those three things or for reasons about all three of those things.

Um, you know, it's it's really interesting. So oh So say that again sit the three things. So tell me the three things again. So getting buyers. Getting buyers selling without sales calls and essentially the hybrid creating creating their hybrid.

So, okay, so creating their hybrid meaning creating the actual program for delivery. Yes, and a lot of people buy simple and scalable groups and then they're like, this is great. I want to do it but I want help and so, you know EBA has been the only option to do that up until we launched scope coach got it. And so when you say they want help they want help with one of those three things. one or all one or all okay, so one or all of those and so tell me so Is it?

the people that that want the help with help with the forming of the deliverables the actual hybrid program the putting it together the all that stuff would you say that the majority of those people also need help with the selling and the you know, the getting clients? Yes and something that might help and Clarity here because and this I've had more than one actual paying client tell me this recently, but essentially there's like this almost movie in their mind and like this movie in their mind is why they said they bought Eva and essentially it's strangers becoming leads leads becoming customers customers becoming high in clients those clients. Have a great experience and get results every day on Evergreen with or without them. Got it. Got it.

Okay, and okay. and so what? And so when we've talked about self scaling systems, how would you explain self-scaling systems? Like so you mentioned cell scaling systems and I say Lucas. What what do you mean by self-scaling systems?

I yeah, I mean, I think one of the I guess that the main way that I talk about it is you know. You typical systems are essentially they're making your work more efficient. So that means you can do more in the same amount of time, but you're still doing it self-scaling system take you out of it. And so but let me ask you this. But the question is that is that a concern for them?

Like is that a plus? Or is that a concern for them? Right because if they're coming in and just again Playing devil's advocate for one second if they're coming in and what they're ultimately saying is like look I need help getting clients. I need help like the with the selling and I need help putting together the actual program, right? Like are they saying that and I don't want to be in the midst of like I don't want to be the the Cog in the wheel or is that just a plus?

Like is that just an added benefit? We the reason why I'm asking is because I'm asking that question because you know, like are we focusing on this core promise? That is almost like a bonus. But doesn't really address the core thing that they want like if they're saying I want buyers. I want like I need sales I want buyers and I want to ultimately have a tremendous program and we're talking about we what we're gonna give you is a system that you know takes you out of the middle and works without you even being there but they didn't even express that as a need.

There's no desperation for that. And that's so that's why I'm asking is there a disconnect between that do you think? I I think a lot of them. I think a lot of the ideal clients for EBA the clients that are in EBA that probably are best equipped to succeed with it and are most aligned with what we're there to help them do our clients who came into the program feeling sort of tracked by their business where it's taking up a lot of their time taking a lot of their energy. It's leaving them feeling like they can't do things that they want to do.

They can't take time off they can't whatever but at the same time they still want to grow and the only way they know how to grow is to keep working harder or to do more in some capacity. And so we sort of say like, you know, the no compromise life is like what we're all after right you have sales you have impact and you get Freedom all the same time. You don't have to sacrifice one for the other. So, okay. So, hang on one second.

I just want to I want them to give me a few more minutes and so hang on one second. Thank you. Okay. so then All right, so, I'm not sure if based on what you just said. I would say that.

I'm not sure the issue is. Selling it sell scaling systems as much as it is. Maybe and you tell me Lucas as much as it is. Placing cell scaling systems in a supportive role for the outcome in other words the star and ultimately what it is that you're saying to them is the promise and the outcome. We're only using this idea of cell scaling systems as the differentiator for what it is that you're going to equip them with like in other words right like that.

You you will get the you will get by you will turn the strangers into buyers buyers into high ticket clients and clients into you know, raving fans that love you and adore you all. Without you being bogged down with more work. We do it with a unique approach that we call cell scaling systems. Let me show you how and why cellscaling systems get you the gets you the buyers turns them into clients right turns them into raving fans gets them result and takes you out of the middle of your business. See, so in other words, the the star is not the cell scaling systems.

It's almost like right like what even when we're explaining how and why cell scaling systems work. We're still shining the light on. Let me tell you how and why you're able to get so many new buyers regularly consistently with this right without doing more work and then we here's here's how and why it works so that you don't have to continue to launch new campus. Now the reason why it works so well to turn new buyers into high ticket is because so see we're still keeping the focus on you can still talk about like at the end of the day Lucas. It doesn't really the truth is it doesn't really matter what you call it.

They don't I don't it doesn't matter if they know what cell scaling systems are up front because we're not shining the spotlight on. The self scaling the cell scaling systems isn't the star the outcome that you're promising is the star and we're just saying we have a different way to do this and this different way is why you can experience these three things and why you can be removed from the business and that's that's been struggling with is the promise itself, right the primary promise and so like what we've been going with recently a scale of high ticket group program with Evergreen sales and marketing. And it's working. Okay, but only just Yeah, and so, you know and and because I don't think I mean why we landed on this is it's a hell of a lot more specific than scale with maximum Freedom, which is what we ever originally granted. We had higher conversion to some extent but so, you know, I just yeah, can you can you do me so for time purposes because I do got a jump now but so for can you do me a favor send me that the blur that you're when you said from strangers to to buyers from buyers to that little blurb.

Can you slack me that and what I would you know, like I would I I want to play around with that a little bit and I'll play around with a little bit and I'll send you then I'll send you some ideas that you can then take and tweak to make more accurate for you guys, but I want to I want to go there and because I think with this Lucas while this is it's it's an improvement. Right, and we're moving right but it's very generic. And so write the scale High ticket coaching program with Evergreen sales and marketing is so generic that it pains me for us to use that like to write and so look it's an improvement. It's working right now. But let's see if we can improve it even more and let's see what I can come up with for you you take it tweak it give me the chance to to play around with it.

I'll play around with it. I have some time over the weekend. Give me the chance to come up with some some potential headline ideas. Send it over to you. I won't be insulted if you hate them all but let's let me give you a little bit of kind of where I would go likely you'll need to tone it back a little bit you do that and then let's let's have a dialogue about that.

So you're gonna send me that you're gonna send me that little blurb. Yeah, you're also we talked about gonna send me the the emails and PDF form if you can and um when you get to the vsl for the um for the new program when I I just would like to see Before before it gets published and so let me just let me see it, please before it gets published. Um, just so that and what I'll do with that is I'll make a copy of what you send me and then I'll make my edits in my version and send it back to you and then you can look at it and see you know. How you feel about it? Will do.

Thank you. Is that cool? Yeah, good. All right. Good.

You guys have an amazing day Jim rest up. Hey alone in your little cubby. Okay, anybody keep doing your thing? And hopefully, you know a few more days man, you'll be you'll be back in Action. I'm glad that you're doing all right and hanging in there and and so take it easy.

Take it slow. All right. Have a good weekend. All right guys. Thank you.

All right.
