---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-01-24 20:14:25"
date: 2023-01-24
duration: 1h 45m
duration_seconds: 6327
vimeo_id: 792410339
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2023-01-24 20:14:25

**Date:** 2023-01-24 | **Duration:** 1h 45m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Okay. Hello everybody. Today what I'd like to do is look at one of our your winning offer clients sales Pages, as you know, we we work we help them with their offers, but not really much in the in the whole E5 area, you know, so they don't know a lot possibly about you know, the the big idea unique mechanism. Although that was covered in your winning offer. It's it's not the whole E5 ball of wax.

So if the the Tail land Paulo he has he's sells information products in the kayaking space. What he did was he sent me a copy of his his. Sales page right and so I thought we could just critique that for him and then, you know send it to him later, maybe share it with other people or whatever. So I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen. So Michael while you're you're doing that to be clear for everybody.

So what we're gonna be looking at is really the first part of his of his campaign. So right we're not talking about the offer today because the offer was what ywo was all about we're actually talking about today and looking at everything leading up to the offer. So we're talking about for everybody. We're talking about the headline the hook the lead the the marketing argument cpb chunk. So everything that we would have in a marketing campaign that's designed to ultimately lead the prospect to want the offer before we roll out the offer before we introduce the offer.

That's what we're gonna talk about today is that's correct. That's correct. Okay, cool. Okay. Another thing we might look at is just how the page is laid out and how it's formatting.

I was formatted and that sort of thing. So you guys have looked at this already? What do you got Paul? What do you think of this headline here that well. So Michael King for everybody.

Can you just give a little bit of context to so who is the the audience the intended audience? And what is Paolo, um marketing and selling here? Okay, sure Todd. So the intended audience is people who are into kayaking people who are kayakers and they're most likely or are they are frustrated with their ability to kayak. Maybe they're they keep flopping over and they get wet and they can't get back up or they they don't have the strength to keep up with other kayakers for example, and that that's basically it.

I mean, it's it's not necessarily for newbies. But it could be for newbies and what he's selling is an information product. It's actually a membership site. So there's a lot of courses in there, but then he also has he also has as part of that membership course the ability to like. Like like give direct feedback to the students, you know, they send him videos.

He critiques them. He you know tells them what they should be doing differently and that sort of thing. So does that answer your question? It does I want to point out one thing before before we we before we start talking about the the headline, you know, I think it's an extremely important question to to pose. It's really an extremely important question to always answer when you're designing a marketing campaign, you know, it sounds obvious in terms of we need to know who our audience is so we know what makes them tick we know what they want.

We know what they don't want all those things, but the other thing that's important and I'm not sure if Paulo missed it or not. It is something that you guys can can discuss but Um, there was what I felt was some sort of advanced Insider language being used in the the marketing message for lack of a better a better phrase. So he starts talking about the different, you know, paddles like if you scroll up a little bit or scroll down so we could see the yeah, like right there the Greenland the Greenland paddle the Euro paddle techniques and I question and again, I know zero about this Market, but I question how many kayakers even the ones that are struggling and interested in getting better. How many of them are schooled on names like the Greenland paddle the Euro paddle the different paddle techniques. I wonder how many of them know that versus how many of them just get into the kayak and start doing their things.

Maybe they YouTube video or something like that and now they just want to learn how do I get? How do I get better at this and that's important? Because if this is intended potentially to be for, you know some newbies, I don't think the languaging is is likely on the Mark just my two cents. Right. Yeah, and I think that's going to come out as we discuss this as you know, a lot of our clients don't really do a lot of prospect examination the way they should you know, they don't really look at all the people in their market and start booking them as far as to which audience should they be speaking to and so I think in their mind they're almost Building an audience in their mind based on what they've created, right that happens a lot and maybe that happened here.

I'm not really sure because you know, I haven't really talked to him about Prospect examination, but maybe once we get into this we can discover some of this stuff and and bring that out. So about the headline now. you I know Paul you were mentioning. You had some some ideas about the headline earlier. Yeah, so, uh, I'll talk first about the headline and then I guess once we get through with the messaging which is like really the most important thing.

I'll talk a little bit about the Aesthetics of the page formatting and things like that, but we'll start at the top with with the headline. And so, you know this headline unfortunately the wording in the headline. Kind of forces me to have to read it multiple times to try to figure out what the actual promise is and so on. You know, when I that there are a couple of things that that jump out to me and then I'll show you some examples of how I would have written it there's a single set of quotation marks, but that's not you know, the end of the world. There's two promises in there.

It looks like one is make you impossible to capsize and then the other one is pedal fast enough to easily more than keep up with your strongest friends while using a fraction of the energy. Um, he's talking about paddling faster and like I wonder do people really want to paddle faster or do they just want the kayak to move faster? And you know again that comes down to what you just mentioned earlier about research, right? Like a lot of times people they shortcut the research process. And then what winds up happening is they wind up creating a campaign about something that they think their Prospect wants and the entire campaign is built around what they created in their mind and it's not based on what the prospect is actually saying that they want and so if and I don't know if this is the case, but if these if his prospects don't want to paddle faster, they're gone.

They're gonna read that headline and they're gone. They don't that's not what they want. Then they're not gonna even consume, um any more of this campaign, so he's kind of shooting himself in the foot if that's not what they want. Um, it also poses a question which I like I like headlines that polish questions because they open up frames of thought but there is no question mark actually on the headline. So I'll talk a little bit about the way I so first.

Let's talk about what I think the idea and the Hook is so based on what I read. Apollo has rediscovered an ancient secret that hunter-gatherers used to use that enabled them to paddle fast but also efficient so that they didn't get tired in such a way that they're you know, their lives really depended on their ability to paddle and so he kind of rediscovered this ancient method for paddling super efficiently and it turns out that the majority of people that are being taught to paddle are doing the complete opposite of this they're not doing what he's discovered and so as a result, they're just trying to work harder in order to keep up or or bypass stronger paddlers. And so the idea the hook to me is this 15 15th century, um Inuit secret that he's rediscovered that enables you Will void capsizing while being able to pass stronger paddlers while you're only using a fraction of the energy? so When I approach a headline, the first thing I want to do is call out the audience and I want to be a specific as possible. When I do that.

So I'll show you some examples of what I did. I also like to be clear on the promise and I want to be able to demonstrate new different and Superior if I can now his because this is an ancient thing that he's rediscovered. It's not necessarily new but it can be positioned as little known which adds that exclusivity factor. It's kind of like a cousin of new it's not really new but it's new to people that don't know about it, right because it's a it's a long lost, you know rediscovered, um secret. So I'll quickly Michael.

I'm just gonna share my screen real quick and I'll show you guys some of the headline variations That I came up with let me know if you could see that. No. yeah, okay, so First one is are again calling out the audience for sea kayak or struggling to stay dry and keep up with stronger paddlers avoid capsizing while passing your strongest friends how a 20 year Greenland kayak veteran uncovered in ancient Arctic Inuit technique, which practically guarantees you Breeze past younger stronger paddlers with just a few simple tweaks to your current movements. Now, I pulled that from what I read in his lead where he talks about most other approaches tell you that you need to take months or even years kind of Reconstructing every single technique that you're already using where from what I read. He's talking about like a handful of not necessarily even techniques.

They're these um movements that you weave into what you're currently doing that increase the efficiency of it. So I tried to use and convey that language that they're not learning a whole new set of techniques, right? They're not learning to walk all over again, right? They're not learning a whole new way to ride a bike. They're just learning a more efficient effective way to do it by making some tweaks, right and and that terminology that simple tweak terminology conveys fast and easy now things are always fast and easy, but if they can be and they can be positioned as fast and easy.

We always want to try to highlight that because that's what people like, right and that's what people ultimately that's one of the values that they Place on whether they believe a solution is Superior or more attractive right? Another variation for sea kayakers struggling to stay dry and keep up with stronger paddlers again avoid capsizing while passing your strongest Friends Revealed an ancient Arctic Inuit technique that practically guarantees you raise past younger. So very similar. The only thing I removed here was how the 20 year Greenland kayak veteran uncovered this this adds a little mysticism to it. But at the same time, sometimes I read it and I think maybe people don't care whether he's a 20-year Greenland kayak veteran.

Maybe they do I would test them against each other maybe some people find Value in that maybe some people don't so this one kind of just gets straight to the point. the variation here is a same call out to the audience headline is a little different avoid capsizing while passing younger stronger paddlers with less effort. So now I'm adding I'm removing the pain right of because they may read that and think. Okay, that sounds good. But am I gonna have to work harder?

Am I gonna have to do more in order to get that and I also use this terminology of younger because if If his audience is older right the more specific we get in that kind of terminology. The more relatable This Promise is going to be This has a different call out A variation ancient Arctic technique for sea kayak. They're struggling to keep up avoid capsizing while overtaking your strongest friends with just a few simple tweaks to your current movements and still have enough energy for setting up camp at the end of the day. So maybe setting up camp at the end of the day is important to them. So we tried to get specific on that.

Uh, this is a unique mechanism built into the headline for c a c kayakers struggling to stay dry and keep up with stronger paddlers the 3D Fusion method. So again, we like to say a new and different way. I didn't feel right saying new. So I said a little known and different way to avoid capsizing while breezing past your strongest Friends by making a few simple tweaks to your current movements. Um now this is a similar The variation is again.

I'm using older. What I'm trying to do is get as specific as I can in this eyebrow, right if if 90% of his audience are males, I would say older men if I know that they're all again. Just giving an example right? It's totally arbitrary. I don't know whether they are or they're not but But I'm just adding that here.

and then Superior here. I set a superior and different way, uh to achieve the same primary promise. And then the last variation is um brings in the fact that All their kayakers are using this right now. Not that they've used it in the past that they're using it currently right. So attention older sea kayak or struggling to stay dry and keep up with stronger paddlers 3D Fusion method the rediscovered ancient Arctic Inuit technique hundreds, if he's got hundreds, that's great.

If he's got dozens, you know, whatever it might be hundreds of older again that may or may not be applicable. I think it's if it is applicable it makes it that much more powerful older see kayakers are using to Breeze past younger stronger paddlers without capsizing and now how we apply that to them how you can do the exact how you can use it to do the exact same thing guaranteed and I use that terminology of guaranteed because when we get to the offer he has a guarantee um in his offer, so if I can if I can use that in any way that I can I I try to use that word. And I jump in for one second Michael. Yeah, please do. So first of all man Bravo.

I mean, I you know what? There's so much freaking gold in what it is that you you shared. Um Paul like Bravo, I mean from the the very beginning really talking. I mean just Bravos phenomenal. I think it'd be helpful for Paolo and If we decide to share this recording with with our tribe or whatnot if you Paul, um can share a little bit about what was lacking in the main headline.

Like what was when you saw that mean headline? I know you shared that it made you read it twice. So the writing was wasn't clear. It wasn't stated simply, but could you share like, what was it about that that first headline that was lacking that was missing that was off the mark that made you go in this direction so that Paulo or other folks that hear this can kind of look for the mistakes the errors the gaps in their own in their own headlines. Yeah, so the first thing was he didn't call out the audience.

So that's usually something I always start with right in my eyebrow is calling out the audience. There's no okay. Let's go to the read of it readability of this. Okay, when I read a headline or when I write a headline, I'm always imagining. I'm doing it in a conversational tone.

Right? So I'm reading the headline the same way. I would speak the headline or ask this question. If I was having a conversation with someone, so if I was having a conversation with someone and I said to them could this be the easiest and quickest way to make you almost impossible to capsize and paddle fast enough to easily more than keep up with your strongest friends while using only a fraction of the energy I I would venture to Guess that whoever I said that you would say. Can you say that again, right?

Can you repeat that? Right? And so and so wait before you before you go on so and I couldn't agree with you more right? I couldn't agree with you more and I think there's numerous issues going on with the the complexity of the headline. And so why do you think what is it about that headline?

Let's get let's get a little specific and Michael if I'm taking us off, you know down the wrong path you you jump in and Rain me in what is it specifically Paul about the headline that makes it difficult to understand. so Let's start with for example. I'll give you a for you know, I'll give you two examples or two things in here. You know, number one. It's a very long statement, right?

And so look at the length of the you know, the length of the sentence. It's not just right. You might have a long headline. You might have X number of but look at the look at the amount of words that are packed into this headline and look at the number of ideas that or ultimately what you said earlier Paul promises that are being introduced right you're talking about more than one thing. So there's a lot that's packed into that's packed into this.

It's not only the grammar. It's not only the word choice, but it is a lot of information and that's why I think by the time you get to the end it's hard to remember what was said at the beginning and so Yeah, so that like just This this term right here to easily more than keep up like those words right there. Like you could just say pass surpass Breeze past, right? It doesn't convey A visual representation of whenever I say something in copy or messaging I want it to be something that People can easily visualize in their mind when I say it and so if I say something and I ask myself if I said that to a room full of 30 people would they all would they all conjure up the same image in their mind if the answer is no then I go back and I rewrite it so that there's just a lot of busyness in there. Like, you know, like you said, right there's there's just a lot of wording in there.

Um, there's also no from an E5 standpoint. There's no big idea there there's claims in there but there's no idea that that there's no element of intrigue or curiosity that there's no like intellectually interesting or an emotionally compelling component in this that makes me perk up and say why is this new? Why is it different? Why is it long lost? Why is it rediscovered?

Like what what is it about this that makes it new and different so there's not no attention grabbing element in this because there's no big idea anywhere in the headline. Yeah. Well well said when I mean your you know, your Viewpoint and Michael you can jump in in here Adida you as well. Your Viewpoint Paul when you went to the you know, the long lost Secrets the Inuit, you know, you know the long lost anyway Secrets or methods that you know is just is so smart is so Savvy because it brings in that Intrigue. Like you said it brings in a an idea like an actual idea not just a promise not just a statement of benefit but an idea that is a bit mysterious is a bit interesting.

There's a whole lot of you know, like how were these lost how are these discovered? What's the value of these secrets are so much more like it's so much. It's so deeper. So it goes so much deeper. And so I think that that in and of itself Michael for what it's worth that Paul did is is worth its weight and gold coming up with a theme looking for a theme for this marketing piece that does have that emotional excitement and that that level of intellectual Intrigue and I think Paul did a great job with that.

Yeah, I agree. Calm did you? What was that Paul I said, thank you. So see you're still sharing your screen. Let me take the reins back.

I click. Adida I'd love to hear from you real Michael pull up the the original headline again. I'm just curious if you have anything to to add to that. I mean Paul is a hard act to follow and so but is there anything else that you feel wasn't said that I didn't say or that Michael didn't say that you would or Paul that you would add to the headline. So first of all, I completely agree with everything that Paul said, you know is I had to read it a few times as well.

So when I explain About headlines to to people to clients. So, you know, it's sometimes you know, when you say in my opinion, it's too long or it doesn't have an idea or this or that, you know, people don't necessarily grasp. The what is it we are talking about so we are using our own terms. You know, what is an idea? What is an exciting idea, you know how to explain that to people.

so I think the very first framework that I use to explain, you know headlines to people is the or use filter You know is is this saying something that's useful that's gonna be useful to them. You know is it's Ultra specific which we know that if you do if you make it all through specific, then it helps create that mental image. As well, you know, and is it unique, you know, have they heard something like that before, you know, because you and I know it needs to be unique for people to resonate with it or to get curious about it. And then obviously urgent. If we can make it urgent, you know, that's great as well.

So that's my Someone well, very good. And so Michael, I mean I think that there was you know, the the discussion just in the the debt copy or really just the headline there was so much so much, you know packed packed into that like so much of value, you know, I I mean packed in there like, you know so many different things the one thing that I just want to reiterate and Paul just he just mentioned it. Uh, you know a couple minutes ago is this idea of being able to take two or three words and communicate the same underlying idea maybe with one word or being able to take three to four words and communicate the same underlying idea with two words right in an Ideal World. We want to be tight. We want to be, you know, pithy right like short choppy statements and sentences are easier to understand that's why they end up, you know decreasing the FK score.

It makes it more readable. And so we were you know, it's one thing to start with something like this, but it's another thing to then bring it through the editing process and figure out, you know, he's he's easily more than keep up with keep up to is there. Is there a faster way to say that is there a tighter way to say that is there a more efficient way to say that same thing with you know a way to make you almost impossible to capsize like I just think that that is in That's not the right. You know, there's a much more efficient much more effective way to communicate the same underlying idea to make it tighter to make it punchier and the thing with tighter and punchier and you guys are pros at this like you guys are Wizards at this is that it's easier to understand right when there are four words in a sentence a four word sentence is a lot easier to grasp and understand then is a 14 word sentence. And so yeah, and so very good great stuff guys.

Yeah, I I just want to add. A couple of cents. I want to give Paulo some credit for what I think he was doing with this stuff down here. I taught this to hundreds of paddlers and the surprisingly simple method seems to be the ultimate shortcut to having kayak skills that most people will never achieve so Like, you know, we talked about adding an intellectually interesting idea or trying to make people curious. I really think that that was this is his shot at that.

And really when it comes to I mean, you know Paul mentioned a few headline or all this headlines talking about the Inuit tribe thing that which is very a lot of curiosity there. You never really know what's going to make your prospects curious. You know, it's kind of like a pretty subjective thing. So this I think is what he he was trying to add an element of. Interest to it in a curiosity to it.

I think that's where where he was going with that. So, you know various. I don't think that that chunk is is horrible. Like I don't you know in all fairness. I don't think that that chunk is yeah.

I don't know. I'm not sure the right spot for it necessarily but like yeah, I don't I don't think that that's bad. I I think that that's definitely usable copy for sure. Yeah, and I think a big takeaway for Hopefully a lot of people is when Paul was talking about. looking the first thing he does is try to Like how would he say this conversationally?

So it it brings up a something in their mind a visual visualization? And I think if man if you could just keep things simple and just do that. It just goes a long way. The next thing I wanted to look at was what you guys are calling the lead. This is pretty much it from from here to here.

It's like the length of a lead. and then of course, he introduces himself has a credibility statement. It's not too bad, but then he goes right straight into the offer. So As far as the lead goes at Todd as you pointed out. He uses very specific.

Like language in here that like terms like Greenland paddle and Euro paddle. Does his audience know what those mean or do they do they not right? So that's really a part of the examination process. But I I took some I wrote down a few notes. I'm just going to refer to here because like if you read through this like the first thing it did is he gives a big picture that we that he talks about how europaddling is for athletes and he talks about how Greenland paddling is ancient and safer.

He did Michael. Let me let me jump in for one second and your first bullet point which is far far nicer. Go. Yeah, your Which is far gentler than I'm gonna be out of love for Paola today, but you said that his lead needs some work. Can you now pull up go back to the go back to his and now can you can you just share?

Why why you say that? Meaning? What's the what's the issue? What's missing? What's Off the Mark?

Yeah, I was gonna get into that that okay thing is for for the lead is that does most of the heavy lifting in the writing? and if you a well-crafted lead the only thing that does is get gets the prospect emotionally hooked gets them excited about the unique mechanism really and by the time somebody finishes reading this. I want the prospect to think. Wow, that that's amazing. I've never heard of anything like this before in my life.

You know this sounds if if this is true if what he's saying about this mechanism is true, and I want it and I want to know more about it. I want you to prove it. It'll work. so what he doesn't do is is that he doesn't get me excited about the mechanism. In fact, he doesn't even mention the mechanism until like the very last thing I call it the 3D Fusion method.

Okay, and until he gets there. He's talking about things like, you know, the Greenland paddle the European paddle. He talks about how he he does talk about how he was able to. Like study these a lot of these Inuit kayakers and look at their he spent years looking at their process their style and he he came up with this 3D Fusion formula that method that basically captures what's going on. but it what's what's really important in the lead is that I want to know.

I want to know that it's different that it is really different from everything else out there. And I also want to know that it is superior that that difference is makes it Superior to everything else, right? So he does talk about how he spent some time coming up with a method with a system. However, he doesn't talk about why it's different. How is it different?

Why is it different? You know and We never want to like explain or teach in a lead again. We're all we're trying to do is get them emotionally excited about the mechanism. But at the same time we do have to make it very clear that it is different and you can't just say it's different. You have to like give give us a little meat, you know kind of explain like what makes this thing so different than from everything else, even if you're not telling them exactly what's going on.

You got to get them excited about it. The analogy I use often is that I say it it's like you're you're telling somebody like your best friend has not seen your favorite movie and you want to get them so excited that they'll go watch it, but you don't want to give away anything about it, right? You just want them to go see it and that's kind of what we're doing here. We just want to get them excited about this mechanism. So that they'll want to know more about it.

Right? Does that answer your question? I mean to die. No, I mean you're absolutely everything you spat. You know, you just said is is absolutely spot on to be clear for you know, if to be clear for for Paolo to be clear for anybody that ends up listening to to this watching this right?

That's what's not here. You know, I I would say in in my notes, um what I wrote in preparation for this and I'm just gonna rattle this, uh, very quickly that they're first of all their there's no connection or or feel of connection between the deck copy the headline and sub headline and the start of the um, The start of the the body like it it while he's talking about the same topic. It feels like he's picking up with the topic somewhere else. So he kind of like made this, you know made this big bold statement or big bold statements in the in the headline the debt copy and then he picked up with this conversation about paddling techniques somewhere else. The other thing there's no to me there.

There is no emotional and emotion hooking lead while there is a you know, there's a first 35400 500 words or 100 words whatever it is here. There's no definitive defined lead that is here to do exactly what it is that you said Michael everything that you said about, you know, like setting the whole teasing getting them excited about the the mechanism. There's something different here. There's something Superior here and teasing the benefits of that mechanism of the the benefits of what it is that we're ultimately talking about. Here the solution the the mechanism there is none of that.

So there's no there's no there's no real defined lead and at the same time what's interesting to me is that There's no clear. Thesis or argument being presented in other words, you know, like if we scroll down a little bit and look at the middle part of this section. I'm not really sure where he's going with this like I'm not sure what it is that he's ultimately trying to get me to understand or trying to get me to see because there's no clear thesis. There's no clear argument. It's kind of it's it's a it's just it's information.

That's all it is. It's information and I'm not sure where that information should fit in my thinking about what he ultimately said at the beginning and what what he's gonna bring me into when he goes into the offer, um in in just a little bit the other thing to attach I said the same thing Michael that you did is he, you know, the unique mechanism was introduced in the second or the third to the last line. Oh the you know, it was introduced in the end. I'm not even sure to be honest with you Michael because I don't know anything about this Marketplace if there is a need for a unique mechanism, right? I have no idea how many other people are teaching kayaking skills and kayaking techniques.

I'm going to assume many based on Palos use of a unique mechanism in here. I'm going to assume that he recognized the need for Unique mechanism, but it's just a point that I wanted to make and there is where all the benefits in the where where all the benefits that the prospect stands to gain in the in the lead in the body. Like why should I care about this? And that's you know, I I think we you know, and then I'm gonna stop rambling and turn it back to you guys. You know, I I think oftentimes people they they're writing copy almost for the sake of I'm supposed to write copy and I need to say some stuff here and and they're unclear and what their ultimately trying to do that they're trying to get somebody excited.

They're trying to create it Intrigue. They're trying to create mystery. They're trying to demonstrate outcome results solving of problems, you know new positives getting rid of negatives. Like where is the persuasion Factor instead of just informing and so a lot of stuff that's missing from this. Yeah.

I agree and I think I think if he did that if if he just threw had put benefits in here and talked about how it's different and how it's Superior. That would go a long way to making the this thing convert better or you know. Another thing is and you brought it up. I didn't think about it at the time but Like when Paul in some of Paul's headlines, he's mentioning that intellectually interesting point about these this ancient Inuit culture that like use had a very very efficient way of paddling and stay and keeping from spinning over so that they would survive, you know, because they're in the Arctic Circle if they flip over they die. I mean it's cold, so That is something else you can that interesting bit is something else you can weave into the the lead as well.

Sort of sort of like a framing around what's really going on in the lead which again is just getting them hooked getting them excited emotionally about the mechanism. Yeah, and let's let's just talk about that for for one second. And then I'd love to hear from Adida and and Paul, you know, I think it's important to give folks certainly Palo a little bit of a little perspective on so on Really? Why and how we would use? Um Paul's let's say long lost Inuit, you know kayaking Secrets why we would bring that into the the lead like what the what the strategy or the use of that information would be in the lead.

And the reason why I'm proposing this Michael is because I think that out of context somebody could hear us say well, okay, so I should be having something intellectually interesting in the in the lead and then they end up just writing something intellectually interesting or potentially intellectually interesting, but it doesn't serve the overarching goal of leading this person one step closer to wanting the mechanism. It doesn't lead them one step closer to understanding the value of getting Hands on the the long lost secrets. And so I think it's important for folks to understand like well, so by bringing in and maybe Paul could talk a little bit about this by bringing the long lost secrets into the lead in order to have some congruence between Paul's headline and And the the the lead what is the like? Why are we using that? What are we ultimately setting up?

How are we using that to set the prospect up to ultimately want the mechanism Paul? Yeah, so That really is his big idea. Right and so like when people asked me, can you explain the big idea to me? What I say to them is the big idea is a way for you to reframe the way the prospect thinks about the problem and the way they think about the possible solutions. Okay big ideas, as you know, they come from your research or they come from your product like from your unique mechanism, right?

That's where they come from. If you come up with a big idea, like you said that's intellectually interesting but it's so far beyond what the prospect can comprehend as to how it relates to their problem. Well now you just you just spark their interest, but you've done nothing else you haven't done a good job of connecting how like you haven't done a good job of getting them excited and curious about how that relates to their problem. So you haven't Frame the way that they think about the problem of a solution. You've just gotten them to think about something right?

That's number one number two, and this is just this is this is kind of going off for a second. But this also has to do why you have to understand the the wants emotions beliefs verbiage terminology that your prospects use because I give this example all the time if I'm talking to middle-aged white far right conservative of people like in terms of politics and I give them this big idea that came from a revelation that Hillary Clinton had while she was in office. That's an instant disconnect instant. If now they've totally just so you can you can wind up presenting an idea that you think is intellectually interesting, but either a it doesn't align with their values so they mentally opt out or it's too disconnected from From the from how your unique mechanism works this this idea that he's talking about is is directly connected to his unique mechanism. So it's the perfect thing to talk about because it lends credibility and it lends that like if he explained that to somebody they could visualize.

Oh, I I see how that makes sense. I see how that could work. I see how that could Provide that results for me which ultimately leads them to that one thing that one thing that we want, which is Hope right? That's that's the that's what we're trying to engineer. Is that is that thought of hope that this time it'll work this time.

It'll be different because I've never heard this before the unique mechanism is different. It works differently. This this time, I'll get the result right? And so when you have an idea that is I think that's what really makes an idea intellectually interesting rather than just shocking because you can present an idea that shocking but if it's not believable or it doesn't make sense you miss the mark on it. What makes it intellectually interesting is that there's enough shock and surprise and curiosity built into it, but it's not so far disconnected from what they think and how they can connect it to their problem that it makes them say, okay now I'm interested I Want to know more about this.

This sounds great. It's exactly what I'm looking for. I could understand how this works now prove it to me. Yeah, well said man, wow, well, really really well said one thing that all one tiny little thing and this doesn't even need to be added Michael based on what you guys have said what Paul said but I'm gonna I'll throw it out anyway, and I think Paul really touched on it. What makes the idea the long lost Secrets or the Inuit, you know kayaking secrets to me.

Um, such a great such a valuable idea. Number one is right. It's built into it's it's the story right? Like it. It is part of the real truth the narrative.

Um, you can see how it came out of some copy. That was was already written. I think like Paul said it provides that intellectually interesting component, but the the other thing that I want to be crystal clear on is it gives us the fodder to create a narrative that will not only differentiate the unique mechanism but really prove within an intellectually interesting context how good you know how valuable and different it really is in other words to be crystal clear right this idea that let's say and I'm just I'm taking it to the to the extreme here the idea that modern kayaking, you know modern kayaking principles. Let's say and I'm some of this might be wildly made up but this is where this I would be looking to see if I could prove this kind of this this line of thinking that modern kayaking kayaking techniques. We're really created by athlet.

for athletes to compete in maybe short bursts of you know, explosive, um energy and those modern kayaking techniques are wildly different from the ancient kayaking techniques that were really designed for Speed ease conserving energy and they were techniques that had to be taught to young boys that needed to be able to you know, hunt with their fathers and and blah blah and what came out of that was this realization that the majority of what kayakers are learning today is coming from this modern kayaking technique when yet the real efficiency the real speed the real ease the real conservation of energy the real expert kayaking skills come from these ancients the ancient techniques and they can be learned very easily by anybody at any point right blah blah and that's, you know, taking all them and I put it into a Called blah and now we're off to the races. And so it's a beautiful it's a beautiful idea that Paul came up with that Paul took because it is intellectually interesting there is Intrigue in there, but it also gives us exactly what we need to be able to present the the unique mechanism to be able to present this in contrast to what everybody else is talking about modern kayaking techniques. Yep. Yeah. Amen, what do you think Adidas?

What do you think about that? Did I just get an amen from you Michael? Yes, you love it my gosh. I didn't wait. You know how long I've been waiting for an amen from you buddy Adida?

What do you think? Well, I I think all the same things. That has been said I don't have much to have the only thing that probably you know as a coach. Who you know? The my observation is that people struggle many people struggle to understand even what a big idea is or how to convert or even what intellectually interesting idea.

What is it, you know, whatever they think is interesting to them. I guess. You know, maybe something that even started them on this path. You know the thing that is interesting, but it might not be the case with the audience. So so the question is, you know, how we how do we explain that?

To people, you know, and so from the way I want I like to approach and I think Paul said something like that, you know coming up with the big idea is an angle an interesting exciting angle about a unique mechanism that I did out from Prospect examination. So, you know I go through what people say they want or get excited or even in some cases, you know, the way we have we do the exercise that my ideal client your ideal client. You know what they got excited about. You know. Excited about from experiencing the unique mechanism.

And see if I can use that. You know as to come up with a big idea. And then when it comes to writing the lead because this is the lead we're talking about so. What I I like to ask them to do is to kind of compare the unique mechanism, you know, because we say, you know, you don't teach about it, but you make them excited about it. But so how do you talk about it without talking about it?

You know, so the way I like to approach it is By describing what is what it's not like. And like some other three or four things that's the target audience might already know or experience that it didn't work for them. so and in which way you know, why is it not like those things? You know without getting into too much detail. Yeah, I think some great stuff there Dida.

I want to piggyback on two of the things that you you said and then Paul if there's anything that you would add add it and then Michael will turn it back to to you, you know is number number one, you know, you you had mentioned and I think that you're you're as always a deity to your spot on, you know, this idea that a lot of people they don't, you know, they don't know what is intellectually interesting. Let's say to their audience they only know what's intellectually interesting to themselves and I think that Paul actually mentioned this earlier that always stems from not enough examination of the marketplace not doing the research on prospects and not keeping their finger on the pulse of prospects, you know, I think that it's important for everybody for Paolo and and whoever else ends up listening to this. I think it's important to really understand that this is where we as marketers as copywriters as Campaign Engineers need to get out of the way. It is. It is not about what we think is compelling or interesting or intellectually captivating at all.

It's knowing the market and so it's trying to be a detective or student of the market deep enough where we can assess from what we see from the market and what they're responding to and what they're not responding to and what's getting clicks and what's not getting clicks and language and crazy ology that that the marketplace is is using and that other competitors are are Savvy competitors are using what can we do or you know from that in terms of what the marketplace finds? A what was I gonna say, um, you know intellectually intellectually interesting and the second thing I was going to say, I cannot remember for the life of me. And so that escaped me. I'm sure it'll come back at some point three weeks from now and then I'll remind you Michael, but I can't remember the second the second thing was I don't remember. Dang, it's all right.

I'm gonna pull this back up. Okay, so Like we've looked at the headline. We've looked we've talked at linked about the headline and the lead. now I one thing that of course Paolo needs to be understand is that the just because you got somebody excited about the lead you still have to prove that what you said in the lead is Is you're not just making that up? Right, you need you got to prove it.

You've got to back it up. And that's we know we call that the marketing argument and that is where we well Adida. Why don't you tell why don't you give us some feedback about the marketing argument? Which is not in here, but yeah, exactly. So this is an interesting one, you know providing a few back about something that's really not there.

Although the way, you know one doesn't one thing that I or a couple of things that I like. I think our Goods that like he he did give some interesting benefits and and in his copy like, you know And you are becoming one who is an asset to the group and people feel safer because you are around. You know, that that's those kind of things are I think are are great. Also, the the conversational style I think, you know casual conversational style, but obviously that's not enough to to prove why the unique mechanism is the best thing down the prospects can get and and so the campaign argument is missing which is the the biggest the longest piece of the marketing message and basically the whole educational piece about that you unique mechanism is missing people are not gonna understand what is unique mechanism is why they should want it why it's better than anything else in the market. So and I get it people struggle.

They they don't know what to Puts in the in the campaign arguments. So but luckily we have we have a very good framework and E5 method and I think the best way to explain like again, I think when we say education based marketing people are not sure what they should be educating about and how So, okay so I can say many different things about the unique mechanism. But what is the actual structure? You know just to help this particular person, you know Paulo. So how do you come up?

So and and you guys know we have the cpb chunks again? It's claim proof and and benefits but again people don't really don't don't understand where the whole thing comes from. So obviously, The when we talk about education based marketing, what do we add? You know what goes into that education and the way I like to explain this is and we know we have a chain of chunks that are driven by Gap questions and so but what is a gap question, you know people ask so the way I like thinking about it is all the different doubts and questions and objections people or false beliefs people might have about the unique mechanism and just make a list about it and then turn those questions into claims. Oh, by the way, the other thing is that what I was missing and we already Said it and Paul said it and Michael's talked about it.

Who is the actual audience and I think it's very important to know what kind of in order to come up with The Gap questions. You need to know who your audience is. Obviously, we don't know what the prospect examination was done here, but and From what I picked up from also why I went to the website and from also the bio that The credibility section that Paulo has I picked up words like Adventure. Expedition so now I'm wondering If these people identify themselves with kayakers really what is the reason? They want to actually do it.

Do they want to do it for the sports reasons for racing? Do they what it will help so much? To know more about the audience and because Paolo used words like Adventure Expedition, I think exploring somewhere and in his bio. He said that the whole thing started for him because he wanted to explore the gulf Islands. So it'd be very helpful for him to speak more to these people about the actual reason.

You know they are doing kayaking for. And that would help to become with more. Image-based benefits examples of the benefits for example, you know, you can say things like and now that you are so good at kayaking and you can go so far you can explore all these different places. No one else sees And you can go camping in the wild and and do a lot of other things, you know do campfire and stuff like that and that would give the, you know knowing this is an assumption. Obviously.

I don't know for sure if that's what that's for. The audience is but just just based on those few words that I the picked up from from his copy. You know, I think that would give so much more kick so much more Punch or the whole campaign argument and the educational piece and also for coming up with the with the right Gap questions. So basically those dolls those objections and questions people might have to come up with better education. Let me jump in for one second Adida because you said something that I think is really important for us to unpack for Paolo.

And I think I'd love to put Paul on the spot to have him do this. You know, you had said, you know it often becomes unclear on. What do I what do I educate people on so we say education based marketing education based marketing content ebm content, right? We use all these kind of terms and titles and a lot of people don't understand like, okay. What are we actually what are we actually educating on and so usually the answer right from one of you guys because I you know, I see what I see the magic that you work with clients and students right as always we educate on the unique mechanism.

Well, you know, right and you're absolutely you know spot on right well for the average individual who's not who doesn't really understand the E5 method or the power of the E5 method it can become very easy. them to Uh to not really understand like do I educate them on how I discovered do unique mechanism. Do I educate them on why I named it what I named it. Like is that what I'm educating them on? What am I educating them on?

And so with that kind of as the backdrop Paul I would love if you could quickly just speak to like, okay. So we talked about kind of what was missing from the lead and whatnot. But we've established that you know that in some way shape or form Paolo's 3D Fusion method comes from or originates from the long lost Inuit kayaking secrets. And so with that is the backdrop Paul. Can you give an example of what would or could the ebm content in the in the body of the marketing argument now?

Look like um with this as the with what I just said is the backdrop. Yeah, so And just the kind of go back one step to what you said earlier where people will ask this question of what exactly am I educating them about when it comes to the unique mechanism, right? And so what we're educating them on are two things differentiation and superiority to other approaches, right? So now specifically when we say, what is superiority superiority can mean faster easier more efficiently more effectively you need to figure out which one of those things you want to talk about. And if you want to talk about more than one of them you just have to be able to prove them.

Right so you could you can be more effective and you can be easier and you can be faster as long as you can prove all of those things, right, but it could be any one of those things. Right? And and one thing that we don't ever do is we don't ever say that something is something that it's not right like when you talk about E5 right? You never say five. Easy, right because it's not it's it's the most effective right?

It's the most reliable but it's not necessarily the easiest right? And so we don't make claims that that don't actually support, um what we can actually deliver and what we can actually prove right? And so this unique mechanism, right? That's the unique part system formula component of your approach that delivers the primary promise differently than other approaches. So an example could be that maybe Paulo has figured out that there are I'm just thinking out loud.

Maybe he figured out that there are three different paddling sequences that these well they Inuit or they from Greenland that these people from Greenland used that enabled them to and again, I'm just thinking out loud enabled them to cover, you know, a certain amount of feet in the water while burning way less calories than average let's say and so he teaches you these three sequences first or these three paddle techniques first, right? Because in order for you in order to make everything else work, you have to know these three paddling techniques and you have to know why he has to explain why you have to learn those first before he teaches you anything else. So when we educate on the unique mechanism where educating on almost like a system Or a sequence of things in this case that he would be teaching you how to do that is wildly different than what other people teach you how to do and again it circles back to that idea that you mentioned before thought of the difference between learning to kayak as an athlete and learning to kayak to survive. There are two different right? There's this long lost ancient way of doing it and these are the steps.

These have a differences between the two and so his system would educate people on those steps that the ancient took and maybe how he refine them to fit today's world Etc. But that's what essentially he would be educating them on and how he would tie that into right the big idea because again, like you said before like the big idea, although it has to be intellectually interesting emotionally compelling. I think what's most important is it has to be directly related. Or as related to the unique mechanism as possible because in my opinion the big idea is like the backbone of the entire campaign if they don't believe or they're not at least open to the big idea. The rest of the campaign is not going to make sense to them.

Yeah woof. Well well said really really well said let me let me ask you this Michael. Can you um, can you take take that expand I'd love for you and I think that it would be valuable and or did you can jump in on this as well, but I'd love for you to expand on how the the ebm content like where does the where does the promise made? Um in the the headline in the deck copy? Where does the promise made that like in this example of let's say, you know paddling faster, you know faster than your strongest friends with a fraction of the energy.

Where does that get introduced in the ebm content or does it or does it not like I'm right and so how does that play a role in the ebm content? Did you want to take that one Adida? No, go have Michael. Okay. Well, I mean I can let me let me kind of lead you guys and I don't know why my camera seems to be a little crazy.

So I'm gonna turn that off but let me write I mean look, here's the reality. You know, Paul said some you know said some gems you guys are all on fire today Paul's really a blaze right now. And you know Paul he said ultimately we're proving the the it that unique mechanism is different and it's Superior, right? We're proving that old ultimately we're educating the prospect on this right on the fact that the mechanism is, you know is different and it is superior. Now look if we if we make this claim this promise, right and A promise is really just a claim if we're promising them that you know, there's a method that will allow you to To pedal pedal paddle faster with less energy expenditure.

Well at some point in the marketing argument, you've got to prove that you've got to give evidence for that. You've got to demonstrate why that is why that is true in as well. Like in this particular example the original headline where he said it makes it almost impossible for you to capsize. Well, if you're gonna say that right at some point you've got to introduce that in the education based marketing content in the marketing in the body and you've got to prove it you've got to demonstrate it. You've got to show it you can't make a claim of benefit and then give no no support and so like like Paul said and he he said it's so so well it was so on point this idea that you've got to claim superiority superiority in some aspect.

It can be that it's right. Like you're it's easier it's faster. It's more efficient. It's more reliable. It's more Applying you, you can use one of those two of those three of those but whatever it is that you are ultimately claiming you have to present um evidence for and that evidence comes in during the ebm portion or during the marketing argument portion.

And so whatever and this is why I said at the very beginning When I was reading just very quickly reading some of my list when I said, you know, the it felt to me like there was no clear thesis, right? The thesis is like what is this? What's the overall kind of the overall big overarching thing that I want the prospect to believe? Like what is the the major claim that I'm putting forth that if they believe that major claim that I radically increase the likelihood of them buying maybe it's that right that the long lost Inuit kayaking secrets are the single most effective way for a novice to to move their kayak quickly while extending the least amount of energy. Well if that's ultimately what I am putting forth, then I have to have ebm content that proves why that is the case that proves what's different about these long lost kayaking Secrets compared to Modern.

Secrets compared to just getting out in a kayak and paddling like 90% of people do I have to prove that there's a difference in technique in whatever in physiology doing it and I have to demonstrate why like it it can do what it is that um that I say remember like Paul said and you guys of all touched on it. We're trying to prove that this mechanism is not only different but is better than every other method process system out there for the prospect to enjoy the result the outcome that they want. That's what we're trying to do. That's all of this all the education everything that we're ultimately doing. We said at the beginning we're trying to create a lead that is emotionally compelling that teases that sets that emotional hook we're doing that so that we suck them into the marketing argument so that we have the chance to Present this message to them that shows them that man.

It's true this long these long lost Secrets man. They changed the game for a kayaker like this is incredible, right and then we prove it we show them right we prove to them that yes, this will do exactly what it is that I I said and then we segue into the offer for them to enjoy reaping all of those rewards that we we said, so this is why it's so important that you are clear on the thesis you are clear on where we're trying to lead folks. You do know that one buying belief so that everything that we do and say and show and present can be leading them one step closer to that buying belief to that thesis to that conclusion. That's that and that's like, you know, and and you know, I see this off that I know certainly you guys working with all of our clients and students. Um, you know, seeing can't you see it often where people is no clear.

They're kind of all over the map. They're they're not sure where they're going. They're not sure what they're trying to say. They're not sure what they're trying to get the prospect to believe. They're kind of saying a bunch of a bunch of a bunch of stuff that they think they're supposed to say and meanwhile, they're campaign becomes very difficult to follow.

It's not persuasive and it's not leading prospects anywhere. And so that's I have something to this as well. So I I think one thing we need to State is what we need campaign argument for so, you know all the educational piece and all the pros and everything. Like that is the way we do it but ultimately why it needs to be done is to channel desire. to demand so that so that to create a buying belief so that the prospect by the time they finish reading or listening to the campaign arguments.

They are ready. They want the the offer. And and in this case the campaign argument is missing. And so, you know the Palos jumps straight into the offer so that channeling of the desire into into the need or demand is completely missing and yeah, well said really well said a whole right up right Michael. I mean a whole chunk of the marketing campaign is just is is missing right here.

You know, he he has a lead that's not yet emotionally compelling or you know, it's it's not teasing it's not getting the prospect excited. He he literally introduces the unique mechanism and then goes into the offer and so that whole middle chunk like Adidas said and she's absolutely spot on is just is missing. Yeah, and you know it. everything that you just said, but before I did a spoke was we sum up we have a formula for that. We sum that up into what we call our thesis statement you mentioned.

And that's basically a combination of the promise the big promise of outcome the unique mechanism and then what's Superior? So in other words The the unique mechanism delivers on that promise, but if we we make a single thesis statement, then we can tape it on the wall before we do our writing and apology has to do is just take a look at glance at that thesis statement that his 3D Fusion method is the most effective fastest way to keep you from capsizing and be able to pass all of your friends. Even if they're stronger than you without wasting a lot of energy like he if that's taped you know on the wall above his his computer then he just refers to that and all he has to do is really do whatever it takes to make someone believe that Right. Yeah, and and if he starts deviating if he starts writing about other things about camping or whatever It's not supporting the thesis statement. He can just get rid of that.

You know, he eliminated everything except whatever it takes to make someone believe that thesis statement. Yeah. Amen. I think that's what you looking for. And I I amen and Hallelujah on that Michael, right?

That's what I'm talking about. All right. No, but you're you're absolutely right. I mean that's like and that's the You know look and and we'll we can wrap up after this. You know, that's really, you know, I think you know look that the part of the beauty of the E5 method is that it gives you the clarity it gives you the clarity that makes the process simple.

I not easy but simple because right when you know, like look there's one thing that I'm ultimately trying to get the prospect to believe there's one right we call it the campaign thesis. There's one thing one not 12, right? Not eight. There's one thing that I'm ultimately trying to get them to um to to believe it right and that's right and ultimately in some form or fashion. It's that the unique mechanism is the superior way to get the result outcome benefit transformation that the prospect wants that's it's in some Fashion, that's the buying belief that we're trying to instill and everything else.

Like you said Michael that that we and this is what you guys as a team are amazing at with clients. It's getting people to realize when they're going off track. Like look, you're you're talking about something that is irrelevant to proving this point to proving this buying thesis to get it right? It's not necessary, right? This isn't about marketing isn't about saying anything and everything that you possibly can.

It's saying what needs to be said to lead your prospect to a certain conclusion, right? No more no less, right? And and so it's that one thesis that tells you all right everything I do and say and show and present needs to support that and everything that doesn't support that then I I get rid of it and ultimately at the end of the day what Paolo needs here is he needs right? We besides, you know, making the need emotionally compelling teasing bringing benefits up what what, you know people stand to experience when they When they learn and use this 3D Fusion method, but then is the educate me on why the 3D Fusion method is going to allow me to have my kayak move much quicker much easier not no capsizing right with very little energy expenditure. Show me prove to me explain to me.

Why all while you're getting me excited about what this is gonna do for my kayaking experience and then once you've done that then move into the offer, right Yeah, you guys are one thing only I'll add to that Todd real quick is on like you talked about having one belief right not five beliefs 10 believes 12 believes and a lot of people make the mistake of thinking that if I Target more beliefs or I make more claims. I have the best chance of converting more people and the reality is when you do that the opposite usually winds up happening. And so one thing for anyone watching this to keep in mind is it's always better to be one specific thing to one specific group of people than to try to be many things to everyone and so like just a quick example, I'll share with you is we had a client that came to us with a tonic a drink that had numerous health benefits immunity support digestion support mental Clarity anxiety support Etc it really and I've It really is like a Wonder. Supplement if you want to call it that problem is they weren't selling much of it. And so when they described it to me what I had them shift away from was look let's pick one of those things.

Let's start with one of those things. What's the one thing you feel the most strongly about? Is it anxiety? Is it immune support? Is it digestion and they were like, yeah, but now we're missing out on all these other people and look the answer to that is you can just always create a different campaign that speaks to that thing but each individual campaign needs to speak to one specific thing.

And so we created a campaign around anxiety and then everything in the marketing argument shows how each ingredient supports lowering anxiety. Now there are ingredients in there that do multiple things. There's and there's stuff in there that reduces inflammation. There's stuff that helps with digestion. There's stuff that boosts immunity.

That's all great. Those are secondary benefits, but that's but we talked about in the marketing argument. We talked about how each individual ingredient addresses anxiety specifically why because the thesis that I want them to have is this tonic is the most effective way for me to reduce my anxiety and the next 30 days without prescription drugs or medication. Yeah, that's that's money right there. I mean that's you know, I I you know, what what Paul said is for everybody for Paolo for everybody listening what Paul said is is so spot on it's the idea that just because you can talk about something doesn't mean that you should talk about it in your marketing right?

I've often said to you know, there are a lot of benefits. There are a lot of promises. There are a lot of things that you can talk about that are part of your product or part of your offer part of your solution. That doesn't mean that you should talk about all them in your marketing that doesn't even mean that you should talk about many of them in your marketing. And so I think that that's brilliant.

The thing that I'm most disappointed though about Paul is are have you been holding out on this Wonder supplement on us? How come I didn't hear about the Wonder supplement? All right. We all need a little Wonder supplement. Okay.

And so please all right hook up hook up brother up. All right. So Michael, I think that that was you think that this is helpful for Paulo. Yeah. Yeah.

I appreciate you guys jumping on and and helping out with this critique. I think this is a good exercise for us. I think we should do it more often. so I I'm just gonna go ahead and end it here and let's anybody else has any other closing thoughts. Do you want me to just send you my comments about the page design separately?

Oh, yeah. Yeah page design. I mean I could run through it it take me five minutes to run through. It's very it's not gonna take long. Yeah, what do you know with you?

Yeah, you have the link you have the link to the page. Yeah, pull it. You know what pull it up and share the screen, um because I have my notes here and then I'll go through it this way. I'm not jumping back and forth so we could start from the top. Okay.

So from the top right starting with this URL having terms like sales page in your url typically is just not a good idea because it alerts people that they're looking at a sales page rather than an education piece. Okay, so that's the first thing the headline should be formatted to be more symmetrical meaning you see how there's those three sentences. I mean, there's one word at the bottom. Uh, it should be more symmetrical so that they're looking at something that that um, like, you know, the the human mind is constantly trying to like make sense out of things and it likes symmetry. So what I try to do is I try to make my Headlines by either making them bigger or smaller look more symmetrical and I like to have each sentence begin kind of with a command.

So I would have ended if I was using this headline for you know, we we're not suggesting that he does but if I were using it, I would begin the next sentence with the word make so could this be the easiest quickest and quickest way to make that would start the next sentence right? Because again, we want the we want it to read the same way. The Mind wants to process. Um next is the margin should be narrower. This is not like a huge deal.

But typically when you have wide margins like that if you just scroll down, But that's okay, but there are other parts of it that are just wider than they then they should be. Um, I would remove that go back up Michael. I would remove that black outline around that text you could have an outline on there. He has one down on the bottom that I think is better something that's a little bit more subtle kind of like a shadow type of a thing that is just like a little hard on the eyes. Um, I would also make the text size a little bit smaller on the zoom.

It doesn't look that big but when I actually look at it in real time, his font is a little bit bigger than I would want it to be it just seems so font is tricky because if you make it too small, it's not readable. If you make it too big, it's kind of intrusive and I don't want to use I don't want to say obnoxious but that's kind of what it feels like it feels like it's being thrown in your face. So I usually like if I'm using something like click funnels. I'm usually between 20 and 22. That's usually the font size that I'm I'm using.

in terms of fonts I would oh so back to back to font size I stick to one size for text font size and one size for subheads. Right so I don't have multiple different font sizes for text copy and then like my subheads like ones are 30 one's a 50. I keep the subheads. I want everything to like again look uniform and symmetrical. I also don't want to use multiple fonts.

So I typically use no more than two different fonts, maybe one for body copy and a different one. I might use a different one for heads and subheads but no more than that. He's got a couple of different ones on there. Um, I usually try to stick to San serif fonts, which are so he's got Sans serif fonts, which are so um serif fonts, which are not saying Sarah fonts are like letters. So if you scroll down he's got them somewhere on the page.

Keep going. Keep going right there. Go back up where it says. Here's how it works. Scroll up just yeah, there it is.

So, is that a serif font? Yes, this is Sarah fonts have like those little hooks on them right at the at the at the edge of the letters Sans serif fonts are easier to read. So I typically stick with Sans serif fonts, um in all my copy depending I mean if the product kind of has that like, you know, I've seen like personal development products which are about Ancient Ancient manifestation secrets and stuff like that. They might use a serif font because it lends itself to that kind of the whole vibe of the offer kind of lends itself to that, but generally speaking. I like my text to be as clean and as easy to read as possible.

I would also make the spacing between some of these sections like right here. I'd make that spacing a little bit smaller. He's got like these huge gaps throughout the page that just make everything look very staggered and they're not consistent like some of them are big and some of them are small. I would add a couple of dividers. So like in between right here like right where he's going from.

These are deliverables. I would just add some dividers in between his deliverables just to make the readability easier. uh each Each sentence should be its own space. So you want to hit the spacebar one or two time two times between each sentence so that it reads. So this is fine.

Like what you're showing me now is fine. But there are other parts of the copy where he's got multiple sentences on the same line. You always want to have each line is its own sentence and you don't want those sentences to be too long. So that's that's another thing. I'll look at a sentence sometimes where I'm trying to say a lot of stuff and I'll figure out a way to either condense it or use the Ellipsis if I need to continue a thought like so like this is a big sentence right here.

right arm so he could easily if he wanted to add an ellipsis after that word online and then make the next statement and then it may be add one more right? I'm sure there's also ways he could condense that but that's that's kind of an i an example of a longer sentence. When you load this page for the first time, there's parts of the text that swoop in it's kind of like a visual effect on all though. It does get attention. I found it to be distracting.

So one thing that we don't ever want to do is We don't ever want to sacrifice. Readability for things that we think are cool and like the simplest example I could give of this is like I wrote a sales letter years ago. For for Joe Vitale for this product called the welt trigger and when we split tested it, we had two versions of it a plane version and one what a nice header. What a nice graphic on top. And this was like my my early days of copyrighting and I swore that the one with the nice header with Joe's picture on it would beat it would beat the the control and the plane version destroyed it.

And yeah, that's not always the case right there. There's different context and markets and circumstances where that that is not the case, right especially like if you do in cold traffic to like Facebook you want to have a logo and a support thing on there because people don't necessarily know who you are in that builds trust, but my point is that things like this where you're you're putting things on the page because you think it's cool and fancy in reality those things wind up distracting the reader and make them go check their cell phone. Leave go do something else. Go check a text message put Netflix. On check out exit off the page and make it impossible for a sale to be made.

Last three he's deliverables right there Michael. So he's got video Snippets of his deliverables. I would just use Graphics because what you ultimately want people to get when you describe your deliverables. And by the way, I think he actually did a good job in the description of many of his deliverables. He was conveying like this right here after you paddle.

So if you scroll down, After you paddle day after day on your first big event, you'll feel like an Unstoppable machine. He did a good job of conveying some experiential and emotional benefits in in his description of the deliverables. I just personally don't like to use video Snippets because again, that's a distraction. You could say something in the video that maybe they don't understand the context behind it. And so it doesn't seem like a benefit to them or they can't relate to it and they're like this doesn't this is this isn't gonna work for me.

They don't understand the entire context behind it. So I don't really ever I might if I have a video on a page it might be a video at the top of the page where I'm talking about the lead or something like that but having having videos like this embedded in the page all can be distracting especially if and I don't know if this is the case with his videos, but like sometimes you have the option to click on the hosting software like a Vimeo icon or like that that could Point them taking the person off the page on and distracting them. So I just generally I don't want to have videos like that. Especially multiple videos like that. Okay, last two he's got a double footer on the bottom of the page.

He should remove one of them doesn't need two Footers at the bottom of the page. And I would actually it's not the last two. I'm sorry. I would add bullet icons more throughout the copy. So he's got wherever he's got bullets at a check mark at a at a an arrow at a circle add something that just kind of, you know, people like to read bullets, right?

So like he's done that here which is good. I would just kind of sprinkle them a little bit more throughout. Go back down to the guarantee. I would give so would let's just wrap up the last part of it here. I would give the guarantee its own section.

I typically like to put the guarantee in a section with a with a border around it, maybe a dotted or a dash that doesn't have to be thick just something small that separates it maybe change the background of it that makes it stand out and really convey, you know talk in the talk in the affirmative right? You either try this out for 30 days and you get the results where you're just you know, you're you're breathing past that guys 20 30 years younger than you or you know, we'll give you a refund right not if you're not happy with the results Etc. And I would put that in its own section. I would either Center this order form. or scroll down scroll or I would put something in that big empty space there like a testimonial or something like that again because it looks it looks like it just looks kind of incongruent right like there's a big chunk of the page missing there.

That's a perfect place to put a testimonial right? It's like right next to where the biggest the most important part of this thing is right there where they have to enter their credit card information. So we want to give them as much reassurance as possible. So I would either add some benefits statements there. I would add testimonials there.

I would add a recap of all the deliverables and the benefits attached to them. There something right that just makes putting that credit card information a little bit easier. Um, I would remove that coupon code. There's a coupon code up there if you scroll up a little bit. There's a there's a part to put like right there have a coupon unless you're giving people a coupon code.

I wouldn't have it there because now this person could start go looking for a coupon code. Oh, there's a coupon code for this. Let me go find out where it is. And then the next thing you know, they're they're down a rabbit hole on Google looking for coupon codes and they wind up buying a pair of Jordans instead of you know, or a blender or something like that. Okay last three.

Um, I would add some security decals credit card decal secure check out encrypted stuff like that just visual stuff of that people don't always read the text, but they'll visually see it. I would add a support some support info here either an email address a phone number or ideally both on my order forms. I have found that even if no one ever even calls the phone number just having it there increases the order order form completion rate. So I would imagine the same would be true for him doing it on a page like this Evan last thing is and this is just a little one. It's trivial but I use it is I usually add some benefit or outcome text on the order button.

So rather than just place your order now, I'll say start telling persuasive stories that get new clients and customers right now or start start breezing past guys 20 years younger than you on your kayak right now. Just some outcome benefit based text on the bottom. It's awesome. That's that was like a master class in in paid formatting a couple things that just a couple quickies that I'll add Michael. So um, and I agree with everything that that that Paul said, you know, break up break up large chunks of text.

So if you look at this with the exception of the different sections, there's no subheads and so you can look at you know, like you you start you scroll into the sales letter and you know it the main part the upper part, you know, one point there's 12 paragraphs of text in a row right after we one paragraph after another after another after another that's a very intimidating read right? What all oftentimes what what people do is they'll hit a page and they'll scroll down to kind of take in. What am I about to engage with? Right? Does this thing look like it's gonna be a lot of work, right?

Is it gonna be difficult on my eyes? That's why when Paul said earlier about like, you know decrease the um the width The the table because long lines of text are intimidating. They're tough on the eye. They're more difficult to read you add that with like if you had long lines of Tax Plus small font size now plus excessive amounts of text one right after another and it becomes a very intimidating read and so I would break up chunks of text bring in white space use white space to your advantage on a page like this to make it seem to make it feel and to make it be easier on the eyes easier to consume. The other thing that bringing in subheads does it gives you the chance to recapture people that just scroll it gives you that whole second readership, um path on there.

The two other things to to quickies one is I don't believe that it's mobile optimized. I believe that it's mobile responsive, but it doesn't look to me like the if you if you shrink The page down the headline is gargantuan. And so it not only has to be mobile responsive. It's got to be mobile optimized today oftentimes the mobile layout of many of our pages is different than the mobile layer than the desktop layout. And so sometimes like it's different we have stuff in different places.

Sometimes we even have different formatting. Sometimes we'll change the the text on a button on the mobile displayed version. Um, you gotta really take that to to Heart. The last thing that I would say is and Michael while you have that up is if you scroll down to the testimonial section, and so this will be a quick one towards the bottom. Here's what people um have to say and so you can keep scroll scroll scroll Right there and so both on the mobile on the mobile version and the and the desktop version.

What I would do is I would um, I would trim those down like there's a lot of stuff in there that you don't need to include in the in the testimonial but I would pull out a few words from each one of those testimonials and I would make it a sort of headline above each of the each of the each of those testimonials. So like in the in the the first one over there, he says my confidence, um, my confidence and conditions and ability to maneuver. My kayak is vastly improved. I might say like my confidence dot dot dot vastly improved and I would make that I put that in quotes right above the right above the testimonial bold it make it larger and then I would do the same thing for the second testimonial and the third testimonial where we can we Bring in benefits, right even with the deliverable deliverable the the deliverables even in their names even in their titles. Um, you know, there was what you know, if you scroll up a little bit and I promise Michael is the last thing that I'm gonna say if you scroll up a little bit more right there the Greenland paddle right like well, I I know that that's what you're talking about in there.

I know that that's what he's covering in that deliver a deliverable. But that doesn't mean that that that's what needs to be the headline for that section. Say something exciting right say even if you want to say, you know how to how to paddle like, you know how to look like a professional kayaker, you know with the Greenland with the Greenland paddle or like bringing it benefit getting in and out right? Don't don't make it these meaningless titles these meaningless names to to prospect where if they're to the prospect. We're if they're scrolling through this they might not know what it is that you're talking about.

You have the chance to name it as a benefit and then under the under the benefit you can explain whatever it is that you want to explain about what's covered in the deliverable. But there you go. That's certainly more than enough for Paula. beautiful Thank you, Todd and Paul. Thank you guys Adida.

You were great Michael you were you were fantastic. I think this was awesome and and my gosh certainly Palo has a enough to to think about now and enough to to implement and so great job. You guys are are beasts obviously and to do something like this for for Paolo and forever else whoever else hears this obviously this is this is wildly valuable for folks to get a peek into how you guys think about these campaigns how you guys engineer and how you guys fix them and optimize it really how you work your magic for our clients. And so Kudos. I love it.

I'm looking forward to the next one Michael. Let's make sure that we we schedule the next one and let's let's do it have an amazing rest of your day guys. You guys are amazing. Thank you guys like
