---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-08-20 14:17:02"
date: 2024-08-20
duration: 31m
duration_seconds: 1881
vimeo_id: 1000798218
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-08-20 14:17:02

**Date:** 2024-08-20 | **Duration:** 31m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

So let's talk about the monetization window, specifically lengthening the monetization window for more effective customer acquisition. What we're gonna really talk about and unpack today is how to play an economic game, uh, rather than a marketing performance game when it comes to acquiring buyers and doing it in mass at scale. And I think that this is something that a lot of marketers just are completely unaware of, or don't really, uh, you know, haven't really been taught this and don't think along these lines. What we're gonna unpack and talk about, um, today, yet the most successful direct response driven entrepreneurs and marketers understand this. They not only get this, they not only fully understand this, but this is the game.

What we're gonna talk about in this video, this is the game they play, and this is what allows them to acquire new buyers at scale. And so, first and foremost, uh, I'm back with none other than John muy my traffic wizard. What's up, John? Hey, Todd, what's happening? I'm really excited to, to dive into monetization window.

I think it's, it's something like you said that doesn't get talked about, but, um, it's, um, I think it's be gonna become inevitable to actually leverage it in the fu now and in the future. Yeah. Well said. Well said. And so this is really something that, so I first presented this at our, uh, at one of our top one experiences, and this was something that you brought up on the last call.

So on the last call we were talking about, uh, understanding, uh, CPA and a OV. We were, you know, talking about the, the, the, the ratio between your cost of acquiring a buyer and the value of a buyer. Most specifically, we were talking about the value of a buyer the day that they become a buyer. Typically, we, we refer to that as day zero, but the monetization, the window really changes the game significantly. It changes the economics, it changes the math.

It really changes the numbers that we use to, to, um, to scale. And so, John, why don't you give kind of a quick glimpse into when we say monetization window, what we're talking about, and then if necessary, I'll unpack it a little bit more. Yeah. So normally, like you said, when, when someone becomes a customer, we, we, we call that day zero, and they have a value on that day zero. But most people, the way they look at it is that they, they're looking at it from the point of view of this one funnel that they have.

It's like they have one funnel that they're using to monetize someone, and they have a set number of parameters when that funnel where there's someone has a chance to become a customer. So let's say the funnel is a, they, they opt in, they watch A VSL, they're brought to an order form, there's an upsell page, and there's a thank you page. Or even if there isn't an upsell page, there's those stages. So when someone opts in, they, they may go through a follow up sequence to bring them back to, to consume the VSL. So they get, get them to the order page and to buy.

And that sequence may be three days long. It may be five days long, it may be 10, 10 days long, whatever the length that it is. And then they, when they're running ads, they're looking at it from the point of view as, okay, are we breaking even on our ad spend to this funnel to, to this offer? Or are we not, let's say if they're at the level, level two level of acquisition of aggression, where they're looking to invest a hundred dollars to get a customer, for example, and that customer goes on to spend on average a hundred dollars. So they're no worse off, no better off, but they have a customer as well as any additional leads they may have gotten.

So when they're looking at their monetization window, they're looking at it purely from the point of view of within this one campaign, within this one funnel. Whereas when we can lent in the monetization window, we may have multiple campaigns over a longer timeframe that, that we can then leverage. Because whether the lead becomes a customer on day on the first, the, the first day to become a lead, or 14 days later, or 13 day, 13 days later, they're still like, overall, it's still becoming a customer. And overall, how much it's costing you to, to get that customer should be incorporated by not just one campaign, but as many campaigns as you need to, to have in order to get that customer. Does that make sense?

Yeah, yeah, it does. Well said. So let me kind of break it down a little bit more and unpack it a little bit more. Uh, and I, I think you did a great job of really, of really showing what the monetization window is. So ultimately look like, let's break it down, and let's say this.

So you've got two marketers that are going head to head. One marketer has, let's say just for, uh, just to pick a number. One marketer has given themselves one funnel and three days of follow up to be able to pay for the acquisition of a customer to be able to acquire a customer and recoup their ad spend and, uh, and whatnot. So they have one campaign and they've given themselves three days, and they're going head to head with another entrepreneur, another marketer who has given themselves 30 days and three campaigns, let's just say, uh, to pay for the acquisition of a buyer. Who's got the advantage?

Who's got the leverage, who's got the better opportunity of making those economics work? The one marketer who's got one campaign and three days, or the other marketer who's got 30 days and three campaigns, well, it should be obvious that the marketer who's given themselves 30 days and three campaigns to pay for the acquisition of a customer ultimately is going to win because they've got more swings at the bat. They've got more opportunities to monetize unconverted prospects from campaign one with campaign two, and then they've got the ability to monetize additional prospects with Campaign three. They also have the opportunity to further monetize buyers from Campaign one, with Campaign two and, and further monetize buyers from Campaign one and two with campaign three. And so the fact that they've given themselves a longer window, a longer timeframe with more campaigns gives them a tremendous advantage.

And that's really all we are talking about. The way that the majority of online marketers have been taught, uh, or or for whatever reason operate, is they look at customer acquisition and they solely look at one campaign. They look at, this is my acquisition campaign, and I'm putting all the weight and all the focus on this to do the complete job of acquiring new buyers, uh, at a rate and a value that will allow me to pay for my advertising. But really what they don't understand is they're, they're not forced to operate that way. There's no, like, in other words, the game isn't won or loss based on whether you're able to acquire new buyers and pay for your ad spend with one campaign versus two campaigns or three campaigns.

There's no award that's given out for people that are able to make that work within three days compared to 30 days. Right? At the end of the day, we're investors, right? And what a lot of online marketers are really doing is they're looking at the value of their investments based on, let's say, three days later to just keep it real simple. They're making an investment today, and then they're looking at the value of that investment three days later.

And they're not giving themselves 13 days or 21 days or 30 days for that investment to play out. And we know that that's not the way that savvy investors operate. Savvy investors aren't looking at necessarily just what is the immediate return. They're giving themselves ample time to bring their, to bring the money back in, so to speak. And I know it's not the perfect metaphor, the perfect kind of analogy, but the point is, is that when we're talking about a monetization window, we're talking about giving yourself more time to further monetize prospects with additional campaigns, and that makes it infinitely easier to acquire buyers than if you're reliant on solely one campaign and one to three or one to five, or even one to seven days.

And so, John, anything that you would add, uh, add to that? Yeah, I'll ask you a question in a second just for, to, to clarify something, but the, it kind of, for me, it comes back to the, the levers of performance we have when we're looking at, we need to improve the overall numbers of a campaign. Obviously we look at media performance, we look at the campaign performance, and then we have economic performance. And I think monetization window is, falls under the economic performance, which can have the, the biggest impact. But it's, it's like, like what we talked about multiple times over the last few calls is that it's that people generally default to either the, the media performance, my ads aren't performing well enough whether to look at the reason why or not, or the, my sales conversion rate is too low on the campaign performance side of things.

But when we actually look at economic performance and there's other areas of economics performance we can look at, but obviously we're talking about monetization window today, I think it falls under that bigger bracket. And that's where the bigger opportunity is, especially if you're in markets where you are gonna be paying higher cost per clicks markets where your CPAs are gonna be higher than normal, your lead cost is gonna be higher than normal, and everyone is paying high lead costs and, and everything else. Like, we're all in that same boat. So when we look at economic performance, it allows us to, like what you said at the beginning is play a different game than everybody else. Yeah.

Well said. Let me add one thing to that before you ask your question. So, and this is important for everybody to realize, look, business is a game of economics. It's not a game of marketing performance. Marketing performance or marketing is a vehicle that we use to get the economic or economic results that we want.

Business is a game of economics. It's not a game of marketing performance. In other words, really at the end of the day, if the economics work, I don't really care what the marketing performance numbers are, right? And that's an important thing for folks to understand when we say that some folks play a marketing performance game and some folks, the smart marketers and entrepreneurs, uh, play an economic game, ultimately what I'm talking about is that the focus for so many marketers that are playing the marketing performance game is on the performance of their different marketing assets. What is their conversion rate on their sales page?

What is their opt-in rate on their, on their lead gen page? What is the order form completion rate? What is the upsell take rate? What is the bump offer, take rate, all of those things. And while those things are important, right?

What is significantly more important, what makes or breaks a business, what makes or breaks a marketing campaign are the economic indicators are the economics of the campaign, meaning, right? If your CPA, and let's just say in this to keep things real simple, your CPA and your A OV are a one-to-one ratio, meaning whatever it costs you to acquire a buyer is what that buyer is worth to you on day zero. Whether it costs you a hundred dollars to acquire a buyer and the buyer's worth a hundred, or whether it costs you 200 and the buyer's worth 200, or whether it costs you 300 and the buyer's worth 300, right? At the end of the day, that's what matters. Not the performance of your opt-in page, in other words, because it doesn't matter how high the opt-in rate is, if those numbers are whacked, meaning if your CPA is, is, you know, your CPA is through the roof compared to your A OV and you don't have, or you're not using effectively a monetization window, it doesn't matter what your opt-in rate is.

It doesn't matter what your sales conversion rate is. It doesn't matter what your order form completion rate is, right? So business is a game of economics. And when you understand that ultimately as an investor playing this game of, of economics, what we're trying to do is we're trying to acquire assets that are worth more to us than what they cost us to acquire them. And so you'll notice when I say that, right?

And I've said that, I said that on our last call, I say that regularly, uh, uh, when I'm talking about acquisition, right? As investors, we're ultimately trying to acquire assets that are worth more to us than what it is that we're paying for them. What you don't hear me say in that objective is you don't hear me say right, uh, um, from one campaign or within the first 24 hours or anything like that, because those things with one campaign and within the first 24 hours are just arbitrary constrictions, you know, constraints that people have placed on themselves for whatever reason, because they tend to think in a marketing performance manner instead of an economics manner. This is why, for what it's worth, John, you know, and I've talked about this before, you know, there are many folks in the online marketing world in the coaching and consulting space that have done extraordinarily well, that have built phenomenal businesses. Many well-known folks that whose marketing performance metrics, if you looked at their marketing performance metrics, they wouldn't be impressive to the marketing performance thinking folks.

They would be like, how are they able to do that with a one and a half percent sales conversion, you know, on the front end? How are they able to do that with a, you know, a, a $75, you know, uh, um, a OV? And what those folks don't understand is that they're able to do it because they've got the economics of their monetization window slanted in their favor, right? For example, a simple example of this is the folks that have an inside sales team that is effective that immediately gets on the phone with a buyer, let's just say, and is able to upsell a percentage of folks into some sort of high ticket program. And that's just one example, right?

Well, and they know what percentage of their buyers end up getting on the phone and what end, what percentage of phone calls end up converting into high ticket. And so they're using the high ticket, uh, as a way to further subsidize their acquisition costs and get themselves into profit, right? And so they're, a lot of these folks are going wildly negative on the front. They're going wildly negative on the front on day zero, meaning a OV to CPA ratio is off because they've got a monetization window and they've got a strategy and a plan in place to monetize during that window. And so, does that make sense?

Makes perfect sense. Yeah. Okay. So you had a question for me. So it's, it's nearly, it's, I suppose it's two questions.

So the first question is obviously in order to be able to capitalize on an extended monetization window and having multiple offers to, to be able to, to show to your, your prospect, like, sure, it can be done without this, but like, it, it nearly makes lead generation that much more, um, necessary because you can do it potentially without it, but it'll be very complicated to run ads to, to, to always get them to come back. So lead generation's gonna be more necessary than ever before with this type of extended monetization window. And then secondly, I had a conversation with a, with a, with a client, and we were talking about this exact thing and they brought up something like they wanted clarification on it, that what they exactly asked was, isn't this second to third or the fourth campaign, the backend? And how do we split the backend from the front end? So like, how would you answer that?

Yeah. So it's a great question. And so I'm gonna answer it in a second, but let me give my first initial gut answer to the question, who cares, right? My fir in other words, like, why, why are, you know, look, don't be so concerned with labels, you know, in other words, don't be so concerned with Yeah, but isn't that, you know, backend, or wouldn't that be considered backend? And what, what, what, what do you consider backend and what do you consider front end?

First and foremost, like I said, who cares about the, the labels that we put on it? Remember that ultimately what we're doing is we are trying to, we're trying to acquire buyers, uh, that are worth more to us than the, uh, than what it costs us to acquire them. And so, look, you know, what that ultimately means, and I want everybody to understand this, right? And this is a deep topic. We're just gonna kind of scratch the surface today on this, 'cause this is a very deep topic and we'll get a, a little bit more into the weeds and how you kinda look at how long should your monetization window be and, and, and, and so on.

But you know, understand that if you have a second campaign that you roll out after the first campaign, first and foremost, doesn't need to be for a different product. Doesn't even need to be for a different offer. It could be a deli, uh, a different delivery mechanism. So if your first, uh, campaign was built around A VSL, maybe the second one is a webinar, maybe the second campaign is a long form, uh, um, sales letter. Uh, it can be a, a number of, of different delivery, uh, uh, mechanisms that you use.

You could also change up the, um, the hook and the angle. So you could take the same product and the same offer and have a different hook that you use. Uh, so in other words, you, if you want it to have a VSL and then another VSL, you could have a different hook. You would have a different VSL that opens with a different hook, a different angle, maybe even addresses a different problem, uh, makes a different promise. There's a number of different ways to do that.

So you don't have to have necessarily different products. You can have the same exact product and the same exact offer and use a different delivery format and or use a different, um, a different hook. Understand that when you roll out a second campaign, uh, and you're going, let's say to unconverted prospects, people that didn't convert in the first campaign, well, every additional buyer that that second campaign produces for you not only brings in revenue, obviously, but it also brings down your customer acquisition costs, right? Because you're, you, you paid for that traffic, you paid for those leads, you paid for those initial buyers. Well, now if you further monetize those prospects with a second campaign, you're bringing down your cost per acquisition, you're not spending more on traffic, you're just turning more of that traffic into revenue.

And so you're ultimately bringing down, right? If, if the first campaign brought in a hundred buyers and then the second campaign brought in hundred, uh, excuse me, another 50, right? You just slashed your customer acquisition cost that much more. And then if you roll out a third campaign for those unconverted folks, and it brings in another 50, let's just say, right? Well, now you took the initial customer acquisition cost, you just cut in half thanks to the second and third um, campaign, right?

'cause you had a hundred buyers, and then you added 50 more with campaign two, and you added 50 more with campaign three, meaning campaign two and three brought in just as many buyers as campaign one. So you ultimately haved your customer acquisition cost. You see, and this is something else, John, that a lot of marketers, most marketers that are operating with this marketing performance mindset, they are calculating and quantifying their customer acquisition cost based on that one campaign. But the reality is, is if you've already paid for that traffic and with additional campaigns and a longer monetization window, you convert more of that traffic into buyers. You are, you are call it retroactively lowering your customer acquisition cost.

And so you're changing the economics. You're not only bringing in more revenue, you're decreasing your cost. You're not only, right? Like you're not only bringing in more revenue, you're decreasing your, um, your cost. And so, uh, so that's important to understand.

That being said, look, you know, is it considered the backend or is it considered the, um, the front end? Different people will define front end and backend, um, differently. So there are some people in the direct response world that will define any campaign that, uh, that is designed to convert prospects into buyers as the front end, regardless of whether it's being used with paid media or it's being used internally with your house file. Some will say that we'll, we'll consider or categorize any campaign that is being used to turn prospects into buyers is considered the front end. Others will only call campaigns that, um, that they're using with paid media to acquire buyers as the, um, as the front end.

Uh, to me, I don't, I don't, I don't really care. You know, I don't, I don't really care what you call it to be honest with you. Like, so to me it, it doesn't matter. It's a, it's a, it's a, an additional campaign that we're using to further monetize the prospects, the leads that we already paid for to drive our costs down even more and to produce more buyers and more revenue. And so I, I know that that really doesn't answer the question, but hopefully it, it, it gives the right answer in terms of what it is that they're thinking and how they should be thinking about it.

Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. Yeah. I think really what one other thing that you know to add to this is, you know, uh, is, you know, it really makes a lot more sense to think about this in terms of cost per acquisition or customer acquisition costs and the value of a customer at a certain time interval. And what I mean by that is, right, the value of a customer on day zero, the value of a customer on day seven, the value of a customer on day.

Um, you know, on day 14, the value of a customer on day, you know, 30, uh, and looking at what is the value of a customer compared to the CPA. So this is important. So what often gets talked about is in the typical marketing performance approach, is what's my customer acquisition cost and what's my average order value? And then they look at, okay, what's the, you know, the lifetime value of a buyer or the value of a buyer, excuse me, at day 30 at day 60, you know, blah, blah, blah. But you can also recognize the value of looking at what is the, the cost per acquisition and the A OV or the customer value on day zero, and then what is the, um, customer value and, um, and CPA on day seven.

Now the now if you, right, like what is the customer value and the CPA on day seven, what's the customer value? And CPA on day 14, what's the customer value? And CPA on day 30, because if you've got multiple campaigns that you're using to further monetize prospects, then every one of those campaigns is gonna be driving down the CPA. So instead of merely looking at your cost per acquisition on day zero, you really should be when you have a monetization window and you have additional campaigns looking at your cost per acquisition after each of those campaigns. So after campaign two, what is now the value of a buyer and the cost per acquisition.

'cause again, we're dealing with the same investment that we already made, right? We're dealing with the same traffic investment that we already made. We already invested the thousand dollars to get traffic and to get a certain amount of leads. And now there is a cost per acquisition and there's a value on day zero. And then there's, with a second campaign, there's now a, a value and there's a new CPA, right?

And then after the third campaign, there's value of a customer and there's a new CPA. So while the customer value might remain the same, right, that the new customer value might remain the same every time you acquire more buyers, you're just driving down your CPA. And so in what we're talking about here is instead of merely looking at one campaign and you know, somewhere between one and three or five days, uh, CPA, you can take 30 days to drive down the CPA even more as you acquire more buyers and generate more revenue. Make sense? Yeah.

Love it For today. Is there anything else that you would add? I know that there, so there's a lot that we we're, we're, we're gonna talk about, uh, we might do a different topic in our next call and then come back to the monetization window. But certainly there is, you know, there is, you have to make an informed decision about what your monetization window should be in terms of time, and then ultimately how do you determine, um, how negative you're willing to go on the front? And there's a mathematical formula that you can use to determine, should I be willing to go $5 negative on the front?

Meaning where the CPA is $5 higher than the, you know, the A OV or the day zero customer value. Should I be willing to go $10? Should I be willing to go $20? Should I be willing to go $30 negative? There's a mathematical formula that you can use based on the volume of buyers that you're acquiring your monetization window and time to break even.

And so there's definitely some considerations there. But the point is, is that there's no rule man that says that you have to acquire buyers with a single campaign. There is no rule that says you've gotta, you've gotta do it within, you know, three days or five days. Uh, and there's no reward for that. You're an investor again, and you're investing in the acquisition of assets.

And the ultimate aim is to make those assets, have those assets be worth more than what it is that we're acquiring them for, and to acquire as many of those assets as possible. And when you understand the economics and you play an economics game, you can really slant the advantage in your favor. And so, any final words on this topic today, John? The only thing I would say to, to get people thinking about it is that like, and I'm including ourselves in this because like, we're not sitting up here on top of a mountain saying, we're brilliant atabsolutely everything. We make these mistakes as well.

It's like we give up too soon. Yes. In terms of converting our prospects, we have, we may use one campaign. If it doesn't convert it well, you know, okay, what happens then? So, but like the reality is business is hard and making paid media work is hard and we have to put in the extra miles and we have to put in the extra work and putting in extra campaigns.

Yes, it is extra work, yes, it's gonna take more time, it's gonna take more effort, but at the same time, like we're in business to make money and we're in business to, to, to, to prosper and to do that, we have, we have to sometimes do things that we don't want to do. And like giving up too soon is certainly something that a lot of people can, would, would put their hand up and say, yeah, I do. And I think in, in this arena, when it comes to monetizing prospects and turning them from non-buyers into buyers, it's something that we all can say that we're, we're guilty of is giving up too soon. And I think if we're be more persistent with that and, and work on extending our monetization window, which I'm sure we'll be diving into in the future, we'll go a long way towards solving that problem. Yeah.

Well said. Man, I think you, you nailed something so valuable, which I didn't even, I forgot to really touch on and I'm so glad that you brought it up, right, this idea that, right, you know, it's, it's like when I presented this at top one, I talked about, you know, the difference between having an acquisition campaign, right? And an acquisition window. And when you have an acquisition campaign, meaning you're relying on one campaign to acquire your buyers and make the economics work, oftentimes you could have a campaign that if you're merely looking at the campaign in isolation and you're merely using an acquisition campaign, you could say it's, it's not working. We've gotta stop running this.

Like we've gotta be done with it. But if you had that campaign as part of an acquisition window, which consisted of multiple campaigns in there, all with the same aim and goal, and that is of driving down the, the, the, the CPA, like getting more buyers, right? Acquiring more, more buyers, generating more revenue as we are at the same time naturally, then bringing down our, our cost. Oftentimes what was once a campaign that you would have to dump, that you would dump and say, it's not working because you only have an acquisition campaign now because you have an acquisition window, right? That campaign is now viable, right?

And that's the thing to really understand. I wanna go back to what it is that I said at the, at the, at the very beginning, and I wanna just unpack it a little bit more. And that is that look right, you know, is it easier? Is it easier or is it harder? Which one's easier?

If you had one campaign that was, uh, one campaign that had to bring in enough buyers in order to make your cost and your value, um, um, equal meaning break even, is it, is that easier one campaign or is it easier if you have two campaigns? Well, it's obvious, right? It's easier if you have two campaigns. If you have two campaigns, right? You have two shots to convert prospects into buyers.

And as you bring in more buyers, you naturally bring down your acquisition cost. And so rather than merely just looking at your acquisition cost on day zero from a single campaign, you can now set up a, an acquisition window of multiple campaigns and watch how your CPA comes down, uh, um, over, over time. And then ultimately, right? If it took you 21 days and three campaigns, let's just say 21 days and three campaigns, each campaign that ran for seven days, and at the end of 21 days, you now have an acquisition system that is scalable, that allows you to bring in enough buyers to pay for escalating media costs and you're bringing in those buyers that break even amazing, you know, how have a business that you can scale out the wazoo, who cares that it took 21 days and three campaigns rather than three days in one campaign? Again, there is no reward for the one campaign in the three days.

There is a reward, however, for being able to acquire buyers and do it at scale, at the right economics. And if that requires more work, more campaigns, and a larger monetization window, so be it. That's the difference, John, between the people that struggle, which is the, the unfortunately the masses and the elite that the elite are looking for as many different ways to further monetize the traffic that they're already paying for, further monetize the traffic that they are already paying for. That's an investment that you've already made. Now it's our job to further monetize those unconverted leads, those unconverted prospects as much as we can, and that that's playing an economic game.

And so we will, we'll definitely dive in, um, deeper in this topic in a future call. Maybe next week we'll shift gears and we'll talk about, uh, more media buying specific stuff. But that is all she wrote for today. So John, any final, any final words? No, I think that's it.

Alright, awesome. I'll talk to you next week buddy.
