---
title: "Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-09-03 17:00:39"
date: 2024-09-03
duration: 56m
duration_seconds: 3412
vimeo_id: 1005943854
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown's Personal Meeting Room 2024-09-03 17:00:39

**Date:** 2024-09-03 | **Duration:** 56m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right guys. So today, uh, we're gonna do something cool. We're gonna have a conversation and we're gonna discuss a post, uh, on Facebook from our good friend David Deutsch. If you're not familiar with who David is, which I think everybody on here and everybody on our team, um, is David, is what you call an a-list copywriter. He's been in the direct response copywriting game for decades at this point.

He has produced, um, controls, numerous controls, uh, both online and via direct mail for dozens, literally, of companies in a variety of different markets. He's written copy for big players like the Agora companies as well as, uh, startups. He's written for, uh, supplements, you know, health, finance, you name it, everything in between. Uh, he was part of Copy Legends, the Copy Legends, lock-in, uh, and he is a friend. I'm fortunate that he lives local and, uh, and so, uh, I've gotten to know David over the years, and he is a brilliant, brilliant copywriter.

Uh, and he's really, really brilliant. He's a brilliant copywriter for sure, but he's also extremely brilliant at just idea generation and coming up with great ideas. And so I want to, I wanna share a post that he made on Facebook, um, in just a second. And we're gonna go through each chunk of this post, and we're gonna have a discussion. Now, there's kind of a, in, in the spirit of transparency, there's a twofold reason for me sharing this post with you guys.

One, it's of course, because I wanna have a discussion, uh, about this. I want us to unpack it. I want us to get into any additional nuances that we feel we want to add to this, because I think that it'll be helpful for you guys as well as, uh, all of our folks that get a, uh, copy of this recording. But also, the second reason is for selfish reasons. And that's because what you're gonna see is that David reinforces much of what it is that I've been sharing with you guys over the last, you know, number of years.

And so it's great. It was great for me to see this and put a smile on my face, uh, to see this post from David. And so let me go ahead and let me share my screen, and then let me pull this up. And so hopefully you guys can, uh, can see my screen. And so this is what we're gonna cover, is what David refers to as his six pillars of persuasion.

And he uses Sprout for the six different, um, pillars. Here's how David kicked off the, um, the post, and I'm sharing this more kind of as just an additional way above and beyond what it is that I said about David to just credentialize him. For folks that aren't familiar with who David Deutsch is, over the years, I've been fortunate to write copy that has contributed to more than a billion dollars in sales for companies, from startups to some of the biggest brands in the world. And I found that copywriting ultimately boils down to just one thing. Persuasion, it may be obvious, but it's important to remember that people take action only when they're persuaded to take action.

And to do that effectively, you need what I call the six pillars of persuasion, grouped for easy recall as Sprout. And so let's get to the first part, the first pillar, the s in Sprout, which is, um, David has it as singularity. Today, more than ever, a product must be perceived as unique to capture attention. And unless you can convince prospects that your product is in some way different from whatever else is out there, even if they like the product, they'll go off to compare alternatives and price shop. So, is there anything that you would add to this?

We've obviously talked about, uh, we've talked about this. You know, we talk about this out the wazoo. I think, look, I, you know, I will go on record as we are, uh, recording this or, or having this weekly call as saying that I think that differentiation is more critical than ever before. I think, look, as more and more markets are, are becoming more and more saturated, more and more crowded, I think that differentiation I becomes foundational. It becomes critical to get, uh, you know, to see, uh, or to have effective marketing.

I think that many, if not most of the problems that a lot of longtime entrepreneurs and marketers are having today, meaning people that have been around, people that have experienced success in the past, I believe that the majority of their problems is, is ultimately stemming from a lack of effective and meaningful differentiation. I really believe today that a lot of people are looking at, they're looking at whether it be, you know, um, their advertising and they're thinking that it's the copy or that it's the targeting, uh, or, uh, they're looking at their campaigns and they're thinking that it's ultimately the offer or that it's the headline or that it's the lead. Or in some cases that it's the first sentence of the third paragraph on the fourth page of their, of their copy. And they're working on trying to fix their issues, whether it be a lack of, you know, a lack of engagement, low click through rate, you know, high, excuse me, CPAs, you know, high cost per visitor, low conversion rates. Uh, and they're, what they're ignoring or, or missing is that a lack of differentiation can contribute to all of those things, right?

A lack of differentiation can contribute to all of those things. 'cause one of the first things that people want to know is what is different about this than everything else that's available? What is different about this from everything else that I've tried in the past? What's different from what, what's different with this compared to everything else that all of your competitors are also offering? And so I truly believe that today, more so than ever before, that differentiation is critical.

And so, is there anything else that you would add to this, any nuance or anything else that you would add to what it is that David said here? So I just to kind of build on it slightly, so what I was looking, so where, obviously, I don't know it's gonna be common knowledge after this anyways, but we're we're coming up with a new, uh, frontend offer for the agency. And one of the things I was, the lens I was looking through was not just how we can maybe differentiate the product, but also differentiate the experience we give someone as they go through the process of buying that product. So differentiation in terms of the, in terms of the marketing or differentiation in terms of how the marketing is delivered. What do you mean by that?

So I don't wanna give, uh, so basically differentiation in terms of the marketing, but also like, as they're going through it, what, like, what they may expect happen is like to give them a different expectation of what they may be expecting to happen. Gotcha. Okay. Gotcha. So differentiation.

Honestly, I agree with everything that David is saying here about singularity. We might say it's superiority or superior product or whatever the case is, but the, the essence is the same. Yeah. Okay. Got it.

Got it, got it. And so I know you don't want it, you're keeping this close to the chest. And so, uh, for now, if we, if we weren't recording, we could share a lot more for right now. Uh, and so I get it and, and appreciate it. I think, you know, one of the things that, that I would say is, you know, I think without going down a crazy rabbit hole that, you know, I, I guess the, the, the, the question that I would pose rather than giving what it is that I was gonna say, uh, uh, right now is how do you differentiate the product?

Like, what is, what does he mean, right? So a, a product must be perceived as unique to capture attention. What is the, how do you differentiate a product? So the, your unique way of getting them the results. So your unique mechanism, talking like introducing unique mechanism and why it's different than everything else, and why it's superior and everything else, and why it's, it's the one thing that you've been missing that you all, here's why all the other reasons that you've tried and failed, or whatever the case is, and it is because you've been missing this way of doing it, and this way is our unique method that we've developed over blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

And you're, you're giving the prospect hope, you're giving them that the, you know, this next time is gonna be different and maybe this is the thing that's gonna help them get the result. Yeah. So that's right. So absolutely spot on. Beautiful.

Beautifully said. In terms of the unique mechanism, right? So look, you know, there, there are really, there, there, there are a number of different ways that you can differentiate a product. One of the ways, and the ways that I just think is the, is the go-to, I think it's one of the most impactful, and it is certainly the, the easiest way, the easiest way for the typical entrepreneur, product owner, offer owner to differentiate, which is to identify the unique mechanism, right? Which is the unique way that this product or service delivers the result, right?

It's the unique way that the product works to deliver the end result that the prospect wants. We've talked about it, right? It's the framework, it's the formula, it's the system, it's the algorithm. It is, right? It's ultimately the unique way that the product is able to deliver the results.

It's how the product works to fulfill the primary promise that we're, we're making the prospect. That's the unique mechanism that to me is the, is the, the go-to certainly there is the opportunity to develop a new type of product that hasn't been offered before or to have a product that's in a completely different category. So this is like, if you compare, let's say, um, you know, somebody that's selling a coaching program, and then we come along with, let's say the E five acquisition accelerator, which is a done with you, right? Like a co-creation, co-marketing campaign creation program where there is education, there is training, but there's this co-creation aspect. Now you've got, right, you've got a different category.

You've created a different category for the product. This product is no longer, or this package is no longer, um, in the category of coaching programs, it's now in the category of done with you of this is a co-creation program. Now, some of that is right, is in how you build out the deliverables, and some of that is also in the framing and the presentation of the, of the product. But that's one example of, right, of how you differentiate the product. Like, legitimately, you can have a wildly different product from everything else out there.

So, right, like, look, the, the first time that, you know, the very first CRM that was built with, uh, or powered by ai, the very first one, right? That's a different, that's a different product that differentiates the product from, from everything else. Um, and right now that becomes in a separate category, if you will, uh, of, of CRMs. So that's certainly one way that you can also differentiate that really starts with like, when you're developing the product, you actually create something different from everything else being, being, um, offered out there. And so, before I continue, does that make sense?

Yes. Yep. Okay. And then of course, the third way, and let's not ignore this, which has been around for a very long time, is the unique selling proposition and a unique selling proposition. Even though people often get the unique mechanism and the unique selling proposition confused, they both have unique in it.

The unique selling proposition is when you have a product or service that offers a unique benefit, right? When there is a benefit that they can get from your product or service that isn't available from competing products and services, right? When you have a unique benefit that, that the prospect wants that is meaningful to the prospect, and they can't get that or experience that benefit from a competing product or service, you have a unique selling proposition. And a unique selling proposition certainly is a powerful and effective way to differentiate. It's that unique selling USPS are rare today, right?

They really, even though it's still talked about, right? It, it's still talked about, um, out the wazoo, and it's still an aim when creating a product, in other words, right? It's still, ultimately, it's still, there's still an aim. Like our desire ultimately is to, uh, when creating a brand new product, right? Assuming that we're, forget what the industry is, is ultimately to have a USP that's in a category of its own right?

Like you, you're in a category of your own. You've got a USP where it's delivering a benefit that nobody else is, is offering. You've got something really powerful. But both, um, creating a product that owns, uh, its own category is difficult. And USPS today are rare.

Typically, and I I say this all the time, typically, USPS are seen with, um, with more technology based things, like I've talked about in the past when Uber first hit the scene, right? That Uber had multiple usps. But now that there's Lyft and other ride share companies, right? That's, those USPS are no longer usps, those benefits that were once only offered by Uber are now offered by multiple ride share. And so you've got the, you know, you got creating a product that, uh, uh, becomes a category of its own, having a USP or having a unique mechanism.

And I think, again, the unique mechanism is, is arguably the easiest and most powerful way for the typical entrepreneur to differentiate in a meaningful way. The other thing that I just wanna say, and then Michael, if you've got something that you want to add, um, jump in, but is, I would also go as far, and John really referenced this, uh, just a few minutes ago, is that we're not only looking for different, but we are looking for superior. And so, right, this is, this is a crucial thing, right? That this is so important because different is what gets attention. Even, you know, David says here, right?

Unless you can convince your prospects, uh, well, I'm, I'm sorry, a product must be perceived as unique to capture attention. And that's true. That's absolutely spot on, right? But uniqueness, right? That differentiation, what makes it different is what gets attention.

But ultimately what produces the conversion is superiority, right? So it's not different just for different's sake. There has to be a value in the difference. And that value, right, has to, uh, come into the form of superiority, meaning it makes the product superior in some aspect, in some shape or form that is meaningful to prospects. So we don't only want different, we wanna be able to say, this is different.

And because of this difference, it is superior in terms of the way it does X, y, z, the result that it produces. And so those are both crucial because, right? Like, look, we could come out with a, a supplement today, a fat burner to go back to the, the old school, uh, example, and we could package it in an all red bottle, which you rarely see today when all the others are packaged in white bottles or black bottles. And while that's differentiation, right? That's not meaningful differentiation, it's not meaningful because it doesn't do anything for the prospect.

It doesn't produce a better result, a faster result, an easier result, a safer result, a more consistent result. There's no, right, it's not a meaningful point of differentiation, it's just a point of differentiation. So we're looking for a meaningful point of differentiation, and ultimately we are looking for, uh, differentiation that demonstrates superiority in, in producing what it is that the, um, prospect wants. And so, Michael, anything that you would add to, to the s in Sprout? No.

No. Okay, great. No, I'm good. Um, and I do think that just one, uh, final point on what David is saying here is, and we've talked about this so many times before that, right? If, if you can't show differentiation, then ultimately what it is that it it, right?

If there is no differentiation, then ultimately what you are offering is a commodity, right? Meaning, right in this context, a commodity is right, is something that is offered by others, right? It's available elsewhere. That's in this context, when I say it's commoditized, right? So if you're ultimately offering the same thing that's being offered elsewhere by either, you know, by multiple other vendors, uh, then why would somebody pay you more than what they could pay for the same thing from somebody else.

And so you open yourself up to being price shop people, price shop, when something is a commodity. People price shop when something is a commodity. Because if it's a commodity, I'm gonna find the, the cheapest place, right? If, if all five people are offering the same exact thing, then I'm gonna, I'm gonna look for who's offering it at the cheapest price. I'm certainly not gonna pay a premium on it.

'cause why would I do that for a commodity that I can get elsewhere at a cheaper price? And so you open yourself up to, um, to price shop, you open yourself up to comparisons to other things, and we always want to eliminate those comparisons. Ultimately, we wanna be the only, the sole vendor, the sole provider, the sole purveyor of our solution. We want there to be one source us. This is why you've heard me say before in an education based marketing message in an E five campaign, right?

Ultimately before we, when when we get to the point where we segue into the offer, we become the only provider of that unique mechanism, right? We've educated them on the unique mechanism, and the only place that they can get the unique mechanism is from us by taking advantage of the offer. And if we've done our job right, they, there is no other place that they can go to get the solution that we've just proved is the, is not only different, but is superior to every other solution out there, right? And so it's, it's ultimately like at the end when we're segwaying into the offer, if they don't take advantage of the offer, I want them to walk away feeling like, well, now I'm gonna have to go with the second best or the third best solution out there because I understand why this is the superior option. So I want them to feel like, ah, like I'm, I just have to go with the, the second best or the third best solution.

Like, I want that angst in there. And so important. That's number one, the first pillar from David. The second one is proof. What you say must be believed.

And we believe what is proven with facts, studies, track records and logic. Proof also includes how your prospect will get the results you promised, the mechanism that gives them the all important reason to believe. So let's start with the very first part of this. What you say must be believed. How many times have you heard me say that?

Right? That at the end of the day, right? At the end of the day, it doesn't matter how eloquent your, your, your prose is, it doesn't matter how, like, how great your copy is. You know, I don't even know how you'd be judging. Great, right?

If it's not believed, right? If your prospect doesn't believe what you're saying, they're not buying, because they're not gonna be persuaded to use David's language if they don't believe you. They're not gonna be persuaded by your argument, by your presentation, by your copy, by your message. And so they've gotta believe you. And so you've gotta lean in favor of believable always.

This is why I've said before that like, look, if you're making a promise or a claim and you don't, that's so big, uh, you have to have big proof, right? Meaning like, look, your promise, any one promise that you make can only be as big as your biggest proof point and no bigger, because it has to be believed. And so, right, if you make an outrageously large, big, bold, audacious promise, you have to have an out, an out largest, uh, outrageously large, big, bold, uh, and audacious piece of proof, at least one, if not multiple, to back that up and reinforce it. Because if they don't believe you, they're not gonna be, excuse me, persuaded, and they're not gonna buy. And any, anybody have anything to add to that?

Pretty straightforward, right? And I love what David says here, when he, the second part or the next part, and, and what we believe is what is proven with facts, studies, track records and logic. Ultimately, what David is saying here is with an argument, with an argument that I ul ultimately, right? That's an argument. What we believe is proven, right?

So in other words, right, we're we make a claim and then we present, we present proof and evidence and support. That can be in the form of studies, track record facts. It could be in the form of logic, which is really the heart. And so hopefully all of it is logical, that's at the root of, of an argument. And then we know based on CPB chunks that we then, uh, give benefits.

That's an argument. So what David is ultimately saying is that, right? You have to have an argument in order to lead people to a belief in order for them to believe, and they have to believe if they're going to be persuaded to buy, period. Make sense? Straightforward.

Like, and I love seeing that, right? Like another word, right? Pe people have to believe, right? Like they have to believe what it is a that we're saying. And that belief comes through an argument.

It comes through making claims and then backing them with proof, evidence and support. And we know then piggybacking with benefits. 'cause that's what folks want. Excuse me. Proof also includes how your prospect will get the results.

You promise the mechanism, this is again, for us, this is ultimately really the heart and soul of the argument. What is, what's the argument that we're presenting? So somebody in an e five campaign, in an education based marketing campaign like the E five, like an e five campaign, what, what are we ultimately proving? What are we proving? That the, uh, unique mechanism delivers the promise, Exactly.

That it delivers the promise, and that it delivers the promise in some superior way compared to every other option, compared to every other solution out there, either in its speed, it's ease, it's consistency, it's, you know, reliability, it's, it's safety or whatnot. And so, right? So we're not just making a claim, uh, that we can produce a result. And then stacking tons of benefits and benefits and benefits on top of that, because that's not an argument, that's a series of claims, right? And this is when you've heard me say, you've heard me say this at this point for years, you've heard me say, right?

Like, I see lots of marketers that make this mistake of expecting people to believe them merely because they've said it. In other words, they say this, right? Like, you can experience X, Y, z, outcome result transformation plus this benefit and this benefit, and this benefit and this benefit. And they expect people merely to believe them because they've said it, because it's in their VSL or because it's on their long form sales page, right? Or on their short form sales page.

And the reality is, is that today you need proof, you need support, you need evidence, you need an argument. You need to prove to them how and why this thing will work for them, right? I love how David says this here. Like, you've gotta give them reasons to believe. You've gotta give them reasons to believe.

So it's almost like you could say, for every claim and every benefit statement that we make, what are the reasons that we're giving them to believe what it is that we're saying, right? Like, what are the reasons that we're giving them to believe what it is that we're saying? What's the reinforcement? Because if there are no reasons to believe, right, then we're just merely expecting them to believe because we've said it. And I would go as far as to say that people today are more skeptical and more jaded than ever before because they're exposed to a ton of marketing, and especially online, a ton of garbage marketing, a ton of garbage products, a TA ton of, uh, of unfulfilled claims and stuff that they bought.

And so people are highly skeptical and highly jaded. This is why, for what it's worth, this is why I'll tell you that, uh, that, you know, it's so interesting to me. I wanna go by, I wanna deviate for one second. It's so interesting to me because, you know, very similar to a lot of new copywriters and new and new marketers. You know, when I first started way back, you know, when we were riding on horses, um, no, I'm just kidding.

Uh, you know, I thought the same thing. I thought that, you know, great copy was, you know, the jealously guarded secrets that produced a tsunami of, you know, of clients. Uh, like I thought it was all of this kind of, this puffery, this hyperbole. And it was only really until, you know, I was invited, you know, into the agora world that I saw how logical, as well as emotional, but how logical and sound and educational their marketing messages are, right? That they, they, they didn't, and still don't, to a large extent, trigger the same sales reactants that that copy that's hyperbolic and filled with puffery triggers, and yet, right?

The more believable, the more, the more believable the copy, the more substantiated, the more supported, the more logical, the more exciting it became, the more emotional I became because it seemed real. It felt real, it felt authentic. It felt like they really were opening my eyes to something. They really were teaching me something that was for my benefit. And it's that belief and the feeling that this is sound like this makes sense to me.

This makes sense to me, was what got me excited, right? Like, not the puffery, not the, not the colorful language, not the weird, crazy, you know, phrases and typical stuff that people assume is good copy, but the underlying argument that like when they said there's an opportunity for you to, you know, generate a, you know, a hundred times your money, and then they went on to prove it and to present a, a logical airtight, rock solid argument, right? And they weaved in the benefits in there. Man, I was excited because it made sense, because I saw it, because it was clear because they weren't just making claims. They were offering the support, they were undergirding their entire message with, right?

With reasons to believe. And as those reasons stacked up, it became more and more and more exciting. And so I think that like, look, this really just goes back to the what people, what most online marketers view as good copy is not good. Copy is not good copy. And so, right, like at the end of the day, it's gotta be believed.

It's gotta make sense. They've gotta see it. They've gotta say, yeah, I get it. I understand why this works, why this can work to produce the result. I understand what this fixes that the others, that the others don't.

I understand what makes this safer or what makes this more reliable? Like, I get it, I see it, it makes sense to me. That's what we're looking for. Anybody have anything to add to that? No.

Good. Next repetition. What we hear once barely makes an impression. Instead, we tend to believe and act on what we hear multiple times. Therefore, the art of copywriting is largely about making the same key points over and over in different ways from different angles in a consistently interesting way.

How many times have you heard me talk about repetition? So, right, we started off with the unique, right? Like, we need something that is unique. We need to demonstrate, um, uh, you know, uh, differentiation critical today in order to get engagement, we added on that we need to show what makes ours su not just different, but superior, and then proof, right? That we we're ultimately making claims, we're providing proof, support, evidence, and ultimately we're presenting it in the form of an argument, uh, right?

The, the E five method at its core. And you've heard me say so many times before that, right? Like that we want repetition. We just don't wanna be repetitive. And so we wanna ultimately constantly bring it back to the core theme.

We just don't want to, to use the same words and phrases over and over and over when continuing to hit on that core theme. We wanna find different ways, different words, different phrases, different angles to hit the same thing over and over, rather than just hitting it once and expecting that it's done its job, right? That's like, this is when, you know, people think o oftentimes they think in long form copy. Like, how many different directions are you going? You're gonna make this over here and this over here and this over here and this.

No, we're going in a straight line. We're going in a tight line. It's we're saying things, right? We're, we're using repetition to our advantage. And so pretty simple, pretty straightforward here.

Next, overwhelming value. This is the O in sprout. David said it's not enough that the benefits promised and, and proven are worth the price. And I love how we added in proven right, promised and proven pro the benefits that are promised and proven. I think that if we just remind students, clients, and ourselves when writing copy, that whenever we make a, um, a benefit statement, right?

That we need to, we're, we're promising an outcome. It's promised and proven this benefit, promised and proven, promised and proven, promised and proven. And I, as, as you've heard me say before, as I tell our, our students, our top one members, right? If you can't prove it, then don't promise it. If you can't prove it, then don't promise it, right?

Because the more promises that you have that are unproven, the more questionable your message becomes, you just weaken the message, right? Like you weaken the message. So it's promised and proven it's not enough that the benefits promised and proven are worth the price, or even more than the price. They must be perceived as being worthy. Many times the cost, some say 10 times.

And that's a good number to aim for. What do you think about what, what David's saying here? Anything that you would kind of add or anything that comes to mind? Go ahead, Michael. Yeah.

Well, um, a lot of times when, when I work with clients, they, they'll come up with benefit statements that really are more claims, you know, they become another claim. A benefit can be claim. So you're still gonna have to prove it, especially if it's a kind of benefit statement where the person reading, reading it says, uh, I don't know. You know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah.

So, you know, look, sometimes, you know, you sometimes be careful that I don't go down a crazy rabbit hole here. Sometimes you can have a claim, not sometimes. I mean, this is really what I'm saying is ultimately a CPB chunk. Some you, you could have a claim, a proof, and then those benefits are a result of the claim. Like, let's say, you know, you, you know, um, you'll get outta debt in 30 days, and we offer proof and support for that.

Um, and then we say, um, so what that means for you is that, right? Um, at, by the end of the month, you won't be getting calls from, you know, collections anymore. You won't have to worry about going to the mail and seeing letters from, right? So the, the benefits become this byproduct of the claim that we're making, uh, uh, claim proof, and then the, um, the, the, the benefits. But going back to what, what David is saying here is, right, is ultimately that ultimately you wanna solve something that you wanna solve a problem, you wanna eliminate an obstacle, you wanna remove pain, or you wanna give them the result that they feel is wildly valuable, substantially more valuable than the cost, right?

Like, we want this to be a lopsided proposition in their favor. And I think that this is, you know, there's, there's a nuance to this. I think that there's a, there's a couple things. Number one, the real value, the real value comes in the solving of the problem, or eliminating the problem or giving them the unfulfilled desire. That's the real value, because that's the, that's really why people are buying.

But then we can multiply that with the offer and the deal, like the deal that they're getting, that they're getting, you know, they're getting it. It's not only solving that, that huge problem that where they'd pay 10 grand to solve that problem. And this is only a $900 offer, right? Like, or this is, this is a problem that's gonna lead to, you know, to thousands of dollars of repairs on your home that you could now have fixed for, for $300. But we also kind of piggyback that with an incredible deal where, what they feel like they're getting, uh, you know, uh, two 90% off of the bundle of the package, right?

So ultimately what we're looking for is what you, you need to make sure that the value, the per the perception of value is multiples of the cost, the cost needs to, needs to be per, in comparison to the value that they're experiencing. It needs to be negligible, right? Like, I ultimately wanna be able to say, it's like, you know, you're trading this little bit of, of, of money for this big value. I used to say that in the, in, uh, years ago, like in the original coaching program, I would say like, we wanna stack the, the value so that the, it's slanted so far in favor of the value compared to the cost, the costs. We want the cost to seem negligible.

And the real value, the bulk of the value isn't done through the presentation of the deliverables. It's done by showing them the, the how, it'll eliminate the pain, the frustration, uh, the obstacles, and or give them the unfulfilled desire that they ultimately want. Make sense? Yes, absolutely. Okay, good.

Uh, that is the, oh, next one is you. Urgency. People just like us usually don't act unless there's some urgency and copywriting that's often scarcity time or supply is running out. If both are unlimited, the urgency can be the importance. If both are unlimited supply and time, if there's no deadline and there's no limited quantity, the urgency can be the importance of enjoying the benefits as soon as possible and not being without them longer than necessary.

What would you add to this? Or what would you say to this? Anything? No. So there, uh, uh, so ultimately, right, there's, you, you could say it this way.

So there's, there's a couple of different things that I would, I would add to this. And, you know, we've talked about before there, there are, you know, two different categories of urgency in, in any marketing campaign, there's urgency to engage with the campaign. What reason do they have to engage with the campaign now, right? There are tons of campaigns that I come across that pique my interest, and I just save them. Like, I'll just save them, you know, I'll save them to like my, you know, Evernote or something like that.

And then 90% of the time I never get back to them because there's no reason for me to engage. Now, there's no urgency for me to engage with it. Now, there's no, like, right? And where does urgency to engage now come from, or w gimme an example of what we can do to create urgency to engage. Now.

So, oh, you go ahead. You talking about Things like countdown timers or That sort of thing, or, I mean, look, certainly if there's a countdown, look, look, if you have a countdown timer, you know, sometimes people build in, you know, urgency to engage because the, the, let's say the video is only gonna be available online for the next 48 hours, right? Like, sometimes there's urgency built in to engage with a replay. If somebody has a webinar replay or a live stream replay, and that replay is only available for 48 hours, right? That's a reason to engage certainly within the next 48 hours, right?

If there is, if a replay is only available today, right? Um, that is urgency to respond, uh, excuse me, to engage now, right? Because you have a reason to engage with that, to, to watch the, the, the, the video. Now, uh, um, there is like, look, in the financial world, there is things like, you know, uh, let's say, you know, an IPO is about to happen, or there's a law that's about to change next week, and there's certain moves that you can make right now before that law goes into effect that will allow you to protect your portfolio. That's certainly an example of giving, giving folks a reason to engage.

Now, rather than putting it off and, and, um, and forgetting about it, there's also another thing which is, uh, the occurrence of a catalyst. Like, um, and I don't want to give away too much with a campaign that I'm actually working on, but, um, a catalyst in this example is if something has changed, let's say, in the marketplace, in the environment, in the world, and that change has opened up an opportunity, and that opportunity is limited because once the change goes mainstream or once the, the, the, the impact of the change wears off, then that opportunity diminishes, right? And so, you know, uh, so there's like, you know, you could take things like, you know, uh, let's say, um, there's so many things when they're announced in the news, like, you know, this, the election cycle, you know, like things, there are things that you can do before the election happens in the United States that will be impacted by what happens, who's elected, and, right? Like, if you wait until after the election, you miss the window, you miss the opportunity. So a catalyst is like something that has occurred, something that has caused a change that's occurring right now.

It could also be that it's about to occur, right? And that thing, that catalyst has created a new opportunity, and oftentimes it's presented as right, that that opportunity is gonna, is going to disappear soon because this change is going to kind of become more mainstream, more commonplace. People are gonna know about it right? Now, if you're one of the few that understand it, you can leverage it and make a bunch of money. And just in this example, blah, blah, blah.

And so that's another way to create urgency for engagement, to get people to, um, to get people to engage with this. Now, because I wanna get in on this before I miss out on my opportunity, and so I need to learn about it, right? You see, you see what I'm saying? And so then sometimes often they can use that urgency to engage with the campaign also as part of the other urgency that they build to respond to the offer. So then, right now, when it comes to the offer, which is the other, other type of urgency that we use in a marketing campaign, this is urgency to respond now, right?

Urgency to take advantage of the offer. Now, that can be, that can be, uh, you know, deadline. That can be limited quantity. That could also be, um, something like what I just said, where like, look, you don't wanna miss out on, on this window, on this opportunity based on this catalyst. It could also be that like, if you get started today, you can experience relief from your pain, you know, in three days.

This, you know, if you get jump on this now and this weekend, you could be out there playing pickleball or whatever. Um, uh, the other thing is that you can do the opposite of that, which is you can like ultimately create urgency by, uh, do you want to continue? You know, do you wanna wake up tomorrow and the next day and still be in pain, barely being able to get outta bed? 'cause right now you have the opportunity not to have to wake up in three days in pain and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so you're creating urgency because I don't, I wanna, I wanna nip that in the bud.

I wanna cut that off. And so, does that make sense? Interesting. Years ago, uh, and I've told this story many times before, I, uh, years ago, many, many moons ago when I worked in the health club industry, one of the things that, um, and I actually talked about this in the smart funnel formula, which is one of our, which was a product that was really ahead of its time, uh, way back that, um, that product talked about a tactic showed how to use a tactic that I, that the company that I worked for in the health club industry used to sell gym memberships. When somebody came into the gym for the very first time, uh, before they were taken on tour, they were given a hundred dollars discount coupon, a hundred dollars off coupon.

And it was actually called, it was your first visit coupon, that's what it was called. And it was a hundred dollars off. Thing was, was that you could only use it on your first visit to the club. First visit to the club, meaning today. So you came into the club to take a tour of the facility, they asked you to fill out a pa, which was a personal assessment, and then that PA went to the, the salesperson, right?

While you were sitting out front waiting for your, the tour. Uh, and right, most people, when the, the, the front desk person would slide over, the PA would slide over the first visit coupon, the person would put the coupon in their pocket or put it away, forget about it while on tour. This is actually really interesting, let me give you the 62nd version of this. Give them the, they would fill out the pa pa would go over to the salesperson, salesperson would review it, learning about the person, their height, their weight, their goals, right? Like blah, blah, blah.

Then the salesperson would take them on tour, and then they would come back to the office and the salesperson would say, um, let me tell you the three memberships that, uh, that we, uh, that you can choose from now, going, keep in mind, this is, you know, 20 years ago, uh, so gym memberships were totally different. The, the salesperson would flip over the pa the personal assessment, they'd draw like a t and on the, on the left side, they would write, you know, there's the platinum or whatever, it's $900 down today. There's the, whatever the, you know, the gold. It is $400 down today. And then there is the silver, it's $99 down today.

And I'll never forget, they would spin it around, slide it in front of the person and say, which one of the three memberships do you wanna get started with today? Like, I, I remember the exact language that the, the sales team was taught, right? Which one of these you wanna get started with today? And then the sales person would be quiet and the, the, the prospect would sit there, you know, the person would sit there and they would contemplate which one. And then like, out of nowhere, as if they, as if the salesperson forgot, the salesperson would say something along the lines of, you know, oh, you have the first visit coupon that they gave you at the front.

And they, yeah, take it out. And it was a hundred dollars coupon. And so then the salesperson would take the PA back, would spin it back around again, would cross out 900 and would write 800 would cross out, 400 would write on the right side. Now of the T would write 300 and would cross out the, you know, the 99 or whatever, and just write, you know, um, zero, and then spin it back and put it in front of them. And we, they called that the left side.

They called that, right? Like, that's, that's the left side. You're getting them to think about a price point and then, right? And then you're, oh wait, the, the first visit, the first visit coupon, and then you slide it back. That's why, like, I, I joke around like I, and I've told this before, how my wife would say I bought X, Y, Z, you know, I bought whatever, a new po you know, a handbag or something like that or whatever.

Uh, how much was it? You know, it was, it was, she would say, you know, it was a thousand bucks, right? And I would say like, a thousand bucks for that. And she'd be like, ah, I'm just kidding. It was $300 or whatever.

And that I say, ah, you left sided me. 'cause now the 300 or whatever it was didn't seem like it seemed insignificant. Point being, the reason why I'm sharing that is, number one, it's interesting, the psychology, the whole idea of the left side, but the first visit incentive that you have a reason to respond today, which is that coupon. You only get to use that coupon on your first visit to the club. That creates urgency for you to make a decision.

If you don't make the decision today, right, and you leave and you come back, you're gonna pay an extra a hundred dollars. And so, right? And they were put in the computer, the whole nine. So it was legit. It wasn't, it wasn't, um, it wasn't fake.

And so reason to respond. Now, anything that you would add to this, you guys? Nope. Pretty straightforward. Let's get to the last one, which is the most nebulous, if you will, vague of, of all of them, but valuable nonetheless, trust, no matter any of the above items, people don't buy from people they don't trust.

So be sure with your actions, your words, your images, and your intent, that you do everything possible to earn the trust of your prospect. First and foremost, be trustworthy. Now, I completely agree with David here, right? Like, you know, if you don't trust somebody, like you're not buying from them, right? Like, um, but I guess the question that I would pose to you, and I thought about this before our, our call is, and he kind of says it in here, but I wanna hear from you guys.

So how do you earn the trust of your, of your prospect? Or what does it mean? What does it look like in practical terms to be trustworthy in the context of writing, you know, creating a marketing campaign. So let's assume for one second that we're not talking about a personal brand where you're publishing content and you're earning that trust through repeated exposure of quality content. But instead in this case, you're just driving from an ad, a Facebook ad, YouTube ad to a, a landing page that is a marketing and sales vehicle.

How do you earn the trust? Or how do you be trustworthy? I'd say a proven your claims. Proven. Your claims, okay.

So, um, Proof is like, if, like trust in terms of trust will be a lot easier to get to trust if when you make a claim, you back it up with proof and it's like, okay, this makes sense to me. And like that trust factor goes up a bit, versus if you don't, it's just gonna go down a bit. Yeah, I, I would certainly say, you know, look, I, I would absolutely agree with that. I would say that, you know, if you're not proving your claims, then I don't even know if any trust is there. Like, 'cause there's no trust being built, you know, like, you know, I, I think it's interesting here, you could say, do everything possible to earn the trust of your prospect, right?

You, you could replace that with, to build trust with your prospect. And so what I would say is right, like, look, I think the healthiest thing, the healthiest perspective to take is that they're coming in with zero trust, right? Like, there's no, there's no trust there because there's no relationship there, because in many cases they don't know you from Adam if they're just clicking on an ad. And so there is no trust, right? And so if you're just making claims, um, you're not creating any trust, and in many cases, like John, I completely agree with you, I think you could be damaging the, the possibility you could be hurting your chances of building, uh, of building trust because you're not providing any evidence, support, proof, documentation.

Um, and so absolutely spot on. What else? Well, regarding actions and words, wouldn't you say that just the language you use in your marketing being conversational, being one-on-one, like you're talking to a friend at a barbecue sort of thing, uh, is like, tends to add trust? Gosh, I was so hoping that you were gonna say something along these lines, Michael, and so kudos, man, I salute you for, um, for that. I, I would certainly say, you know, the, like, look, I I would certainly say not, not being, not being, not disrespecting your prospect in, in how you talk to them.

I don't mean not being disrespectful, I just mean recognizing what David Ogilvy said, which is that the prospect isn't dumb. Like the prospect isn't dumb. And I think that, you know, when we try to pull the wool, or when people, marketers try to pull the wool over their eyes, or when they just try to use hyperbole and puffery and marketing speak, they're not really, you know, uh, they're not respecting the, you know, they're not respecting the intelligence for lack of a, you know, of a more appropriate word of the, of the prospect. And I think that that can be felt, you know, we, we've talked about it before that, you know, like, you know how you come across in your copy by the words that you use, by the phrases that you use, by the argument that you put forth, um, by the, um, the tone. You know, like, uh, by how manipulative you come across, right?

Like, um, how blatant you are and explicit with certain things, how apparent it is if you're trying to manipulate somebody emotionally. Like people aren't stupid, you know? And, and my, I I'll tell you, you know, my wife Kelly, you know, for somebody who knows nothing about writing copy, knows nothing about any of that, like, she could pick up on that stuff in a heartbeat. Like when, you know, like, and women just tend to be great, uh, to me, in my opinion, at, they could pick up on like, I'm sure Jess, John is, you know, like my wife knows like, man, like this person is trying to manipulate me. Like, that's a little, like, that's obnoxious or that's inappropriate, or it's just over the top, or it's too much, or they're laying it on too thick.

Like they're coming, coming on too aggressive, right? And so it's really treating your prospect with respect, like, right? I, I was looking at like, like, I wanna honor the fact that this is a real human being with real feelings, real emotions, and I'm presenting, I'm doing the best I can to present an argument that I believe in, that I believe in, right? That I believe in. I'm trying to lead them to a belief that I believe, and I want them to believe it for their best interest, right?

For their best interest. I want them to believe it for their best interest. And so, and I'm gonna respect them along the way, and I'm not going to, like, I'm, I'm, you know, very similar to what would I say to a person if they were in front of me? And there are things that I just would never say or never do, or never present or never demonstrate face to face with somebody because it's socially unacceptable, or to me it's socially unacceptable or socially awkward or, or aggressive or obnoxious or over the top or laying it on. Um, and so I think that you've gotta honor the fact that, um, that these are real human beings.

And recognize also today that people are very skeptical and people are very jaded, and people are very quick to dismiss, uh, when they catch you saying one thing that's a little, like, like, right, like one thing, one thing could make somebody click off a page, done, gone, never to come back, really. And so you've gotta be so sensitive to like, uh, to, I would say anything that could break trust, anything that could decrease trust. I almost approach this with, you know, like, what is, for me, rather than merely thinking about, merely thinking about what can I do to build trust? What are the things that I could do that would break trust, that would make me appear as untrustworthy? What are the things that I would, that, that if I said it, it would paint me as untrustworthy?

What, what are the things that right, if I, the, the, if I'm, if I'm saying certain things to them that would make me untrustworthy or doing certain things that would make me untrustworthy. And so I think about it from that perspective. And so I'm always putting these things through the filter of how would this be received if I was one-on-one with somebody? And so anything that you guys would add to that. I think it's interesting that he also said, like, obviously he's talking about terms of copywriting, so in terms of your words, but I think it's interesting that he also mentioned actions, images, and intent as well.

So like, not just, if you say something like, let's say for example, something as simple as get instant access as a copy for a button, then you click it, you opt in, and you don't get instant access, something else happens that's not instant access. Yeah. So it's like, so things like that, but also, you know, I think the faculty mentioned images and intent as well. I think that that's, you could go a lot deeper into that stuff as well. I think it's, it's definitely worth thinking about more.

Yeah, for sure. And I, I, I think I, I think you're spot on. You know, and I think, you know, I think, look, I think intent is about the heart. I think, you know, like, look, I, I think without getting mushy and, and and whatnot, you know, I, I think that your heart has to be in the right place. I think personally, look, I, I think that your heart has to be in the right place in terms of, right?

Like the, the message has to be coming from, to me, a place of truly, uh, your own belief. Like you have to believe what it is that you are, are, are, are saying, like, right, if this is why, there are, there are things when, if I don't, if I'm not completely sold on the thing that I'm supposed to be getting them to buy into, I just can't do it. I can't write the, it doesn't come out like I can't do it, I don't wanna work on it. And that's when I end up saying, I like, I'm not gonna do this because I don't, I don't believe this. Like, and so, and that will come across in the copy.

And so if the intent and the intent to me is to get, is almost always to get them to see a different and better way, a different and better way. And to get them to see why they've been struggling and, and why they haven't gotten the result and where they're going wrong and how this can fix it for them. Like, that's my intent. That's like what I'm, I'm, I'm trying to ultimately do, I think, you know, the, the actions, like one other thing that I'll add, John, is, you know, I've seen, um, campaigns where I don't see 'em as much anymore, but where you go to an upsell and it's, let's call it a hundred bucks, the upsell, and you go to exit, you know, like, no thanks, and then you go the, the very next page is, wait, you know, I'll give you $30 off, you know, like $70, you know, get it, get instead of a hundred, get it for 70 right? Now, that to me is so lacking in integrity because you were ready, if I would've clicked the button, you would've taken the hundred from me and you would've never told me about the 70.

And so, right. Like to me, that is insanely untrustworthy to me because right, like, how many other people are like paid the a hundred? Uh, you're offering me 70. You're not, it's not like you're taking anything away. You're just saying like, wait, how about a $30, you know, a 30% off discount right now?

That's an example to me of an action in a campaign that I would never do. I would never do 'cause of my own integrity and, and, and whatnot. But I just think that that's something that can with a lot of people, completely break trust because it shows that, who knows what kind of shenanigans are going on. Now it makes me wonder if I wouldn't have bought the main product if something would've popped up and given me a discount. And so, right.

And now I never know if I don't respond if something else is gonna pop up and give me a discount. And so let me wait and, and, and see. And so, um, there you go. But that is to just go through this again, the singularity, unique proof, repetition, overwhelming value, urgency, and, um, and trust. Any final words?

Commenting on David Deutsche's? I gotta send this to him 'cause I think maybe he would enjoy this. David Deutsche's six pillars of persuasion. Cool. Brilliant.

All right. I like it. You guys are outta here. Thank you so much. I'll see you next week guys.

Thanks guys. Okay, Todd.
