---
title: "Top 1 Day 1 2023-02-01 14:06:26"
date: 2023-02-01
duration: 3h 48m
duration_seconds: 13697
vimeo_id: 794971355
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Top 1 Day 1 2023-02-01 14:06:26

**Date:** 2023-02-01 | **Duration:** 3h 48m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

They go outside with single. Okay, and certainly will you? regard right All right. it that's very good. system that's yeah, listen, I I so whether or not yes you you Alright, whatever here.

a sheet where they have in actually What are you? it's hard You know. guys All right. You know, we took out word on heaven. A little bit on the weather see if you guys want to send ball on the big about here you guys now that would be a nice thing that being said, so I want you to pay attention but it is that I'm here.

Oh, yeah, you know, yeah so louder So awesome. Here's such a new role in the growth of our business. I would say overlaps 18 months walk. You are a number here on all in a way that I'm going to you over the next three days. um if you No, this is a this is a a usual kind of Wonder for me in that I've got three part reasons.

So this is my free fall are really all one. And for the one topic coming here with this idea of these bullet campaigns, I shared other people I want, you know that a lot of questions that you make and you know, let's action. So here they will answer money and moral session or or Friday exceptions. So we're gonna come to the end of our time together today. And today you're gonna see we're really I'm just gonna give you kind of an overview.

Oh this simple candy in approach and then over the next two days. We're gonna be the needy-gritty details all the how to in terms of execution tomorrow. I'm gonna hand out a credit in implementation God that I put together. Today, but tomorrow I'm going to get is and tomorrow you'll begin to. Feel fill out that implication got the a of this three part presentation is number one for you to get it understanding of this approach that we've been using to generate more consistent natural to fill in the gaps on our promotional calendar offers out in front of our this in a wedding that doesn't burn after your house.

So that's number one that you're gonna get any understanding so that you can implement this in your own business whether it's in part or in full as you can benefit from Bonus, whether you one whole campaign or Siri the bull campaigns at the end of the day, I also walk away work don't together Implement your first bullet campaign because I really want you to experience the benefits all of this. Oh this approach now this Today and here present my experience. This is really the the side of the shared this I it's entirely with you because I saw more and more one members of coming to you planning sessions and telling me things like I'm only promoting. What's up, right or right? I only have you know, I really wanted to offer going out with something.

They would save me right in any giving order. I might have four weeks or five minutes particularly Rivers no promotional or they would say to me when I was saying well what happens after they would say not after or maybe you live long right every order every four months and what happens in between the live wall. Maybe say nothing in between those and so or I would say like all of you sending out content and they A four times a week and I would say how often are you sitting on and off and they would say once or twice a month something great crazy and and so it was just conversation on having over and over and over again. That's based on the simple idea. You're gonna see something you're just you're presentation part of talk about this and here talk about this over the next three days.

I really do this. It's simple at the end of the day the ideals generating money. He's really simple. I think that we often over complicated and work, you know at the end of the day there are people right and we have to prevent to them in a way that it's compelling enough for them to buy and you do that enough time to generate enough money right where you feel you're making more money than what it at the end of the day, right? You've heard you talk about like that's where we're investors and we're investing in the application of action.

And go back to fire them to take other acts. There's a value required and then there was a future now, right and ultimately that future value, right and ultimately, you know more people sending us more money easier to see right so Realization has come up with realization that like, why are you not getting your people the opportunity to buy every debt? Like but think about that leaders talk about the whole leader. Why not you buy everything better. But again there like if you had a retaileration, let's say everybody location and every day.

Okay, right? Okay. Why are you not generating? Why are you the world the opportunity to buy every day you make more money, but period I remember explain maybe maybe so he said you really looks like you know, what makes more money make more. Right make more often.

It's a lot of hours. What now watches that mean kind of live by and we really Embraces over I would say even much more than we have in the past over the last I would say, you know, 15 16 17, 18 months is more Authority. more author of more freedom more offers more frequently more authors. They can make listen end of the day. I'm gonna tell you the more offer to be present your your database to your volume period period whether you're campaigns are Rock Solid, whether they're average whether they're beats in whether they're below Advocate below average, you know, David series below average offer a lot more people you're gonna take more money is much money you could you need more money and so right more offers more frequently in the aim books to do it in a way where we didn't burn out.

And so what do I mean by burnout, but I I don't want like this algorithm all around. Because eventually people will see you out right way. I believe that that confirm a significantly harm the relationship trust Factor if all you're doing just hammering list with all rather offer after all. and so my baby was to come up with a Can use over and over simple you're gonna see sample problem. S i gone from I think on both side, I think on both the trees like I've campaigns where you know, you can't every step we triggered it.

You should event based on you know, yes. It's awesome while there are a lot of that there are extraordinary amount of money. There are extraordinary amount of negatives. And today I much more favor simple. And so what you're gonna see today is really a simple almost basic almost one of one level more offers more free with a flight, you know little twist in a way that burn out your house.

Now some of you are, you know, Rocky and Kennedy and got up email Pros, right? Don't please don't immediately dismiss this why because it doesn't fit within your current concept instead. Think about how could this or parts of this apply? Because you what it is that we are doing I want to have you know, what's about much parameters with the more And also do how you realize you. first relationship for more and then actually like you just so by complexity and in this case they have More into a really is the elevates finding actually.

E if I have well somebody sneeze on third base semically targeting there to about I can pick up maybe produce. Well, what's more important is it? It's consisted and those are something. Very basically have access to this exactly you consistently make off. Yeah, I'm gonna bring me up on a free coffee a little bit about how we look at manage boy our bullet campaigns intelligently hit specific numbers like to be like we know this is what we want the contribution from our campaigns to you know, the Top Line, right and you're gonna learn even before this elder schedule you're gonna understand it.

And so so yeah, it's gonna be cool. So what is a bullet campaign? Well, the easiest way to think about this is it's a it's a simple Evergreen campaign Evergreen in the sense that and set it up once and then you can deploy it whenever you want without having to do additional work. Okay, that's a simplest form. It's a campaign and set up once and so when I say if Evergreen that's really what I mean you the full ongoing?

Potentially in the perpetuity like potentially right? Let's say that's changed all that all that stuff, but you set it up once and it usable ongoing whenever you want. So it's not Evergreen intent that is working every single day. Right like every single day for me set it up. Once it's a simple campaign that up once and then you can use it going on deploy it or you buy your bullet campaign whenever you want wherever you want and so let's talk a little bit about I'm gonna break it down when she so you're gonna understand every Nuance.

There's no stone will be left unturned right over the next three days. Yeah, but I want to start. I love you. Perfect. Okay, what are you said generate?

Okay, so I want to talk about some of the benefits of this campaign approach. I know I haven't showed you to campaign structure that but I want you to understand the benefits of this little campaign structure and then we're gonna start to get into so number one. I already said this if process it bullet campaign approach allows you to use email to put out new offer in front of your house file on a regular basis regularly and in some cases you but we without burning up so what we're not talking about we're not talking about running and canopies asking means that we're using the baby. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about campaigns that we use your house.

Whether that house file is is the majority of this Prospect and low percentage buyer or the other bad round your house. Right? So you have to understand this right here. What what your email on this side? We operate in a very weird marketplace right where people are like embarrassed all about, you know, like So 80,000 person lists and I'll unlike you know what 18,000 people looks like like if you are the opportunity in front of me and thousand feet.

It doesn't fall number. Do you like right because they think like I'm you know, I really keep in mind. I don't care. What will this I did right, but you own the list not listed yours you pay for that. I don't care what you guys in terms of media in terms of paid ads or in terms of working.

or impact and it was that there was an expense there was a talk, you paid. It's not. What I say, right who we help them right? We help them we found and in turn we are going to take money you feel Like this we're hoping why and we're getting compensated. But our job is automatic.

And I feel the world right you're giving them the opportunity to buy everything like every young and so the point is that these campaigns you to use email without. put new offered out in front of them on a regularly basis without burning out the without suppressing the fall without picking people all but it's 90% automated. I say 90% off the way we do it the night like the majority of it is automate the only one thing. I'm sure you. It.

Oh, yeah you manual is when we decide to fire a bullet campaign. We manually choose the segment that were the attacks the second review exclusion. I'm gonna walk you guys through and then just so we'll pay our you know, our database. these people lose Oh good. Put him in school.

The only work that's involved. Once the campaign is set up the way that actually so you're talking literally minutes. like minutes minutes of work requirement and once it's done These are simple campaigns and now this might be a little a little ambitious but you legitimately if you wanted to you could set one of these obviously in an afternoon, assuming that you count like 80 out as an afternoon. Okay, like the you could set this up again. Like that's that's million that really is not a major you could because somebody played you're gonna see that these campaign.

There's no I don't care whether it's to be yourself. He doesn't matter that's good. And so they are they're simple and maybe be set up quickly you certainly if you want to take a week over the next week, you certainly considerable and you're zero for not being able to do that the beauty is that what I found he just worked in one of my presentation, you know, James well like That we I really would say that the email components. I'm going to walk through which is really the foundation holding bullet campaign is really high reformulate like we had so many bullet campaigns now and I find that there now all the majority of the the email structure. He's just very important link.

It's all a big part of that. I would say 50% of it is almost out, you know, put it this. Oh, oh and right the 50 to 60% and so that's great. Gravy to me to think you could have a campaign where the foundational component the majority of it can be can be so formula. I already said if you work once this is the thing that I don't think enough of us think about you know, where it was you over, you know, one thing to just think about to consider job.

We would a good conversation about it. Right like how many of us seniors and everybody but how many of us see here many of you around a long you've been at this game a long time. You've done you don't videos right? Like John, I don't know how many videos you yeah, you know, he's giving all you got me you giving why maybe you've been a guess on something Mastermind. Maybe you did a training call in an old coaching program.

You've got so much stuff that you created that right like who's valuable and potentially is still done. Maybe not all of it not all of it is maybe appropriate but you got so much stuff and what do we do it? nada not and like what is this service? We're doing to our business and to the to the market. But I would sometimes it's actually sometimes right not all you.

White and it's really not it's doing nothing for anybody right knowing that nobody not us and not there. What a kid and the work was done already. Assuming that right when you and a call that you did like this value everything you might have done a Q&amp;A call and maybe you wouldn't call an hour maybe 20 minutes. Like today, right but they're still playing the different now and yet what do we do with it? Nothing and then we think man I got nothing to promote.

I got nothing. Not and so this I didn't mentally. Oh, right like in an Ideal World right once upon a benefit coming back. Might not be able to benefit from the professor. But how do you wow right until like I wanted you I certainly don't mind here.

Right and it's like you you do a great promotion right and like we did the the decade plus flight. So really cool, I literally collected that thing over you over it. Doesn't you? bring and we ride with everybody. you Know like that's now it's that's yeah.

Right well and that's cool. And like that was the you know, like it was the opportunity to do that. Right? And I didn't want to film you know the point is that why not operating with the mentality of how to use this over and over? What did you over not everything?

It's They said That's you know that. You'll notice by the way, we mix that fire and bullets and single double. Okay? No you but you'll see that everything listen not everything. He needs to be a grand slam run.

You know, like again we're in expensive where you know, some people say, you know, you know, we did this promotion. that's you why what's wrong, right? You know like you got this perspective like oh, you know you agree. And something wrong like if you got a campaign that's been 40 Grand is that every five you said about that? You're gonna need sleep at night.

I'm not I don't care take it all day everyday. Right all day every day. Oh, you can't see that like you and boom so not everything needs to be a great example on something. It's okay. We actually go into.

Um we go into these Champions. What's the like what what's the number that if it's below this? All right, or like, you know, I I don't want to break up. A single double. I'm cool with a point to say I won't say to Damien like, you know playing the game of marketing where you're looking at constantly hit Grand Slams.

Oh man that if restful that's trustfully that I I did not want that. Right because you know, you hear that. I hope you have two launches a year. That's how you roll your business. I hate.

Because if one of those launches inside because it's something out of your control. That blows up nothing happened someone to pick bomb some building right something happens in the news and all the sudden right that launch goes boom. Oh. my gosh I right like that but every week you got a promotion and promotion bombs where you mess something up like I I believe and I said this last night, I think I messed up I messed up one part of emotion will have to be Funny I'm teaching you guys how to do the same thing. I passed one with this campaign.

I like we learned that you know, don't follow you got we got one will be fired up on this week shares good just like right the game over many people player gets up there to try. Oh good. Somebody get up there single all triples home run right now. That's cool, but you could really see it right all day everything. They will.

And so that's what we're talking about here. You can with what I'm gonna show you you can actually change bullet campaigns together or you can fire bullet campaigns one after another. To bring in more completely. Hello. You can create one bullet campaign and it's a cool campaign that you can use every quality every six weeks every eight weeks depending on your your list and Market media before we meet every 12 weeks.

Um, right that's cool. And that's just an easy kind of fourth of cash. But when you start to have multiple bullets that you can fire one after another we fire a different bullet, um, everyone or what about for me Target before you fire 45 Bulls. So 45 times in a year, right? We're going to fire able to what you're 45.

Now like look or what it worked and then you can go about them experience. But for what it's worth, you know, I think Paul and John again. Join God one side. You know, he similar in that like I like giving me a Target. Give me a Target.

Give me a number and just tell me that that what you need to get done, right the the meeting indicator. Right and then itself you don't need to check out. Me alone and let me and let me do and so for me I said 80 and like I thought like let's let's come up with that number 35. Okay, cool, but that's when you start to talk about things that are beyond your control. Right?

We need I want you to generate X number of sales over the course of these three bullets. I don't control you control that but I can't control the construction employment over full. So for us 45, that's 45. Ideally we want more 45 million people account for you know me slacking all for me, whatever something happening. He misses awesome and we're gonna talk about on the three how different different quotes on the team are going you got some cool stuff.

It gives you a simple way to fill in promotion. And so I already said that like in Ideal World. What do you what what offer does your your people have? Yahoo! I didn't say in your Marketplace.

What are you selling? Right because you could you got if you've got fun in campaign and you for right then you're generating sales. You viable hunt I'm talking about your house. With your house file what's being promoted to your house Cloud? What was promoted lesson what's being promoted the week after and the week after that if you look at the next 90 days when your promotional Town how many gaps you have in your commercial account?

Because all those guys you have a week that goes by I mean just justify for me why unless there's a marketing strategy strategic purpose why you're letting the list sit for a week and not promoting anything right? Tell me. Why you yeah. Never really. two degrees of pretty large it it started to see more.

No, but so yeah, it's a great great quotes. I don't think you this is everywhere every other way. It's not it's not the way what I would say is some of that is depending on however you are promoting. And so this is like, not nearly let's put it well every people putting it all. List and we're gonna combo you're gonna see how we sort of we generate our list based on interest before we before we promote.

So look the point don't don't take it. The point is right like the only majority meets without the year the overwhelming majority of these throughout the year. I want to give people the opportunity to buy The longer you go without giving them the opportunity to buy the the more opportunity. There is for them to fulfill their Jones somewhere else, especially when people are in heat. Like, you know, I get excited.

Let's say about Kennedy right something that he's talking about and I go and I look and I see there's more stuff that I can buy and I think Jonathan I'm gonna go over the next, you know, we're still pay attention. I'm like the worm I'm not right. and so so that answer the question someone you It's almost. people forecast but like yeah. it's just you students yeah, if you and now right I think there was you know, one thing that was said in there.

I just want to point out in the question that really kind of set the free for a little bit the difference of what we're talking about. You guys said right before you got here. Well, it's the idea of right? Oh, hey see when I my perspective my sense is that when you see five men right that we need marketing your marketing doesn't feel like you are key right way you're giving when you're presenting itself. Right when you're presenting a sale and the reality is there's no value.

In what if there's no Insight? There's no. Wow. That's interesting. Wow.

That's it. Wow, that's a different perspective. Wow. I've never heard anybody share it like that or give me that angle when you have none of those things and all you're doing is let's say presenting a sales pitch to me that Right when you do that week after week after week. That's what I mean.

When I say if all you're doing is having them with offer after all right, like where you it, but I believe that the best marketing the most effective marketing. This is we you're not gonna get all the time. But I believe that the best marketing look at marketing for a big portion of our other people like work. It feels like I'm being educated and feels like I'm being nude Insight. You'll fight right like a learning something God, you know, maybe you haven't seen John and I are a little bit like a thoughtful kitchen series.

That's why I call them underneath the Jeep. But you know, if you go back home, yes. Oh right around the losing body fat and getting shape and all that like what you are learning. You're learning something about hormones. You're learning something up you you're like, oh my gosh, you better do that.

If we need the point where you're like, that's why it's not so that's not so. Yeah, basically unique that's shaping for that that's here here being a place where they understand something differently and that that different understanding makes them Prime to buy your solution. There's a little Point all very exactly I believe it's a how you go about like how you go about because I do believe that you can do Marketing in the way. It doesn't feel like you're slamming them all ahead. Like it doesn't feel like you're busy where in the end.

They thank you. Or they say thank you so much again. Now, I see it. I understand where I've gone wrong. Thank you for putting this together.

Never doing me today when people still in profits would be like, thank you about this purchase, right? Like that's awesome. That's what we're that's what we're talking about. Um, It can also be used Ebola campaign to use with low ticket meatier. And um, and I don't know if I would say Hi taking me.

You you can still drive people from sale all if that's what you want. You can still you think bullet campaign, right all wheel do that but you can use it for all different price points. And then finally the last benefit where we actually now start to get into the simple campaign is that the cool thing is that there's one part of a bullet campaign that um, you can fire a ruling for week. We say five in a fire and the next week we go on to a different book. The beauty is is even beyond that one week where you fire the bullet those bullets can continue to bring in sales.

So if you're a bullets that we fired three weeks ago and the um, and and we see sale coming in today, you know yesterday right from that campaign that we fired pizza. So even though we fired again, you're gonna understand based on the type of deadline. We use the deadline structure. Um, Why it's able to do that but these bullet campaigns are able to produce sales beyond the promotional window. So you could be three weeks later right at three weeks the bullet for three weeks ago still producing steps, but a trickle the bullet for two weeks ago and still producing sales a trickle the bullet from a week ago is still producing fail.

And now that's bullet is produced this week bullet is producing all So you get a different one, right? You get a triple that it's not these are not weekly promotions like so it's not a meaty promotion. You're never responding actually positive in that week. You're gonna understand how this works to capture, um to people even beyond the promotion and so it makes sense pretty pretty cool, right? So let's talk about there are three four pieces to a bullet campaign three main pieces.

The first one is the marketing and sales. So here I think I don't care. What would it be a bfl? It could be a long form sale give you a short form sales letter. It could be a webinar replay.

You can be on demand webinar. I don't really care. I've never really care be honestly. I think it's what suits your strength, right and really is what super strength. I like BSL.

I like the ugly or the fancy BSL child. I like long form and shirtle there. That's kind of what that's my that's my thing. And so I don't really care. This is where you're delivering the marketing.

That's just all right. So this is where I'm delivering and you guys are you favor more failure maybe yourself? It doesn't matter right you Have a marketing piece you have to play for you. Make it all usually for us. Right obviously one one web page.

Next is and this is really the heart and soul of this or the two step email sequence. And then there is a deadline. These are the reason is two pieces that we're going to focus on for the next three days. So we're not going to talk about this right because I talk about this, you know adding audio right at any questions you outside. That's we talk about it, you know right here.

It's this part that is the heart and soul before. And so let's talk about there are the way that I want you to think about this. It's so simple. It's really you've done this for so long that it's really me. Oh and so don't dismiss this because this implicit don't dismiss it because right don't be like well, thanks.

you So 270, you know if you hold the language and say it's like one order. Anybody call it in order? Yeah. very young folks that are So it's like one it's an art greatness really made up. So it's two sequences that work together right to make up this one bullet campaign.

Okay. So really the bullet campaign is a marketing and sales people call it BSL. It is a two sets you and a dynamic together. That's it. That's it.

That's all it is. the first email in the in the bullet campaign Is interesting he clicks? and the purpose of this sequence is to identify who on the outside is interested in a topic by getting them to raise their hand and identify them with In other words, what we're doing is we generating helpful. So understand that we talk about let's say let's say God who works with anyone. Well, there are some coffee writers on piles.

Who are looking to get clients maybe to have their own agency and they're looking to get clients and maybe there are some popular looking. To do better business. Okay, and don't worry you guys are gonna get you so but right people are looking here. Are not they're they're just they are they work for somebody else and they're just looking to improve their copyrighting skills, right? They're looking to improve their Computing skills.

And so they want to know how to write a better. Yeah. right here and so now let's say for how to grow your or how to get more right? Well, does it make sense or Kyle now to close an entire lists to that offer and to pound them with the deadline and and you just added this bonus and here's testimonials about the whole. People got about building their populator visits doesn't make sense to do that yet or not.

That's not that's low energy with the right way. Yes or no. Um, that's not because that's how you burn out the list. That's another way. Burn out burning out.

The Wiz is not just how many offers your your making burning up with when you're exposing your list offers that just don't fight. You really want to cross your engagement rate on your email list start putting out offer that you're listening to me. You do that too. Three times in a row. Oh my gosh, you are done done like it's amazing.

You realize in a row. Oh, I'm not interested in this that's Either would be more low engagement. Right? And so what intermed you want to do is I will find out who on the five you want to have is interesting in learning more about this of growing their agency or getting more copyright and finds then once I identify who's interested in that then I can really promote all does that make sense? So what we're ultimately doing with the first sequence in a bowling campaign is we're getting the reason.

Yeah, we're getting to say oh interested. They're met at work. We're using your hand like we're gonna have to break the sound. in in the interesting Let me say this when they click the link where they go. When they click the link where where we are taking him to the marketing itself.

We're taking them to a marketing them. Right. So in other words, there's no we're not putting out an addition to the content. We're not putting on eBook or not the way that you create like that right the same over to the marketing and and selling but it's another reason why I love education big Market because there's benefits that I can promise somebody or agency when they click over to any of yourself. If John the balance, you know hormones in terms of professional he's talking about the one these are hormone and hunger.

you Right, right. You're bumble. you Right, maybe we stop saying like hey, I got a new bundle for you. Go like. That's totally different.

Right like and so the point is that these emails are designed to get people to say. Yes. I'm interested and all we are doing you click on the email you identify you make sense. then we got we the offer people the conversions even and this sequence because you yeah, I'm gonna get that. Maybe that's right.

That's important point. Right? We're not really like the perfect generally a quick fall and interesting pasta. Therefore you can't keep it totally blocked. Right?

So like what we couldn't do is say you oh meaning that what we couldn't do because you say something that need to talk. He might be the greatest discovery that I found in the you know, 15 years that I've been doing this you're copy, right and you check out the video that I reported looking. That's the whole earth, right? Because now you're getting everybody and their brother is On that and so that the people first so the point is that we're going to write intriguing and compelling. We're going to write copy it away where he conveys what the topic is where we're generating quality a qualified lead.

Okay. Then what happens is you and the whole offer people for conversions. The whole purpose is determining agent process, right the attorney prospecting who identified itself be interested into a Bible. buyer of the offer in the bullet campaign So the whole purpose of this follow-up Seafood is now to turn an intricate Prospect into a Bible who they're interested Prosper. Let's say let's see if you're following along who's the interested profit.

I know what we use in the bullet content to show that they're in here, but right and so what we're saying over here is currently interested profit hurting possibly people buy you all that's it right. We see this replicator. Does anybody confuse? now Okay. Very simple and we're going to break this out and show you the entire structure of this.

We're gonna get each email the whole nine timing. all this is the clip. so what do you when somebody go through this sequence and they don't put at what point do they go into the office? You know. They don't the point.

That's the whole. So you put certain prospects in here and I'll claim that I would put them in here you let this run at the end you're going to see certain percentage that click doing and go here, you know, I'll show you what happens. The overview of this the overview of this is this laws are creates. There are two emails a day. So there are six emails you.

We send our emails out at 8:30 am and 8:30 pm. Who knows why? 8:30 a.m. And 8:30 p.m. I don't know that sign.

I showed 8:30 a.m. All came inside. It's 9:30 and but it right. These are not say email and they're not the same exact email that I'm gonna send over their versions and I'm gonna show you them. I'm gonna show you an example of a real a real campaign.

So these are two email today. You said what happened in the morning what happened? So let's just on a Monday. Right. So let's say we trigger that's on a Monday.

Um, so Monday morning 8:30 AM Monday evening 8:30 here today 8:30 a.m. 8:30 p.m. Wednesday 8:30 a.m. 8:30. Okay.

These are what we call either or lymph node style units. So these are not meant to be either when I say either. I mean they are teaching the content the topic the information the promise the whole of the marketing sounds. Right, so we're not teaching we're not educating. We're certainly not talking about you.

Okay, I'm talking about. The offer at home. So these are teaser lymph nodes side. Does everybody know what I mean by that? They know what I mean by that.

Yes. Kyle what's a quick way to define these guys with no Style? sure, 150 words disruption of intrigued about the topic and action very good and I called that I think always right going over and consuming the marketing myself, whether it be itself page or you know, Longhorn, you know sales letter. Um, and so right and you're gonna learn we're gonna talk about I'm gonna walk you through this finding different angles like different things. So he's so like I'm not I'm not really see this is something else by the way.

I just want to close this out here, you know, this is not okay. There's X benefit and now we're gonna say that over and over. Like that, that's how we're talking. The whole purpose you might as well then just do that quite for maybe three times and that bit we're looking for a different angle. We're looking for a different approach.

Maybe one email is the overall promise. Maybe another email is a the hook. Maybe another email is one little nugget or gem from the video that they're gonna they're not good onward. Maybe one is from a problem and like right like if you deal with this this um here baby to finally, you know that the point is that we're looking for different, you know a little bit different and, you know a couple of different angles you come up before and recycled, please email again and show you it runs for three days to email today and now What do you think patterns when it's own crits on one of the emails? And so let's say Monday the Monday 8:30 AM.

Somebody eat the first interest sequence email goes out and somebody says oh that sounds cool learning. How do you mean and they click on but first of all nature follow me, they click on the link where they go. Marketing itself Marketing sales and sell people now what happens what happens to the residency? Doesn't go out. What happens is there immediately take it out and sequence another immediately drop into this and I'm going to show you some finding.

Oh so here. Actually really shared it right now the way he gains a little bit of a little bit of nuance the way that we sequences are set up very start of this season. You're gonna see here, why would segmentation? Um, then there is a 24 hour bullet where there's a one day left. There's a delay until 8:30 AM next.

So in other words, we wanted this campaign to go out Monday morning. What happens is we would put people in this Sunday. We would put them in at Sunday. It waits until the next day at 8:30 am and then and then it should. What happens is now?

Let's see click on this link. They click on one of the links in one of the emails. They are meaning to get taken out of its and now they've put it here at the beginning of this sequence. There's also a one day the letter so that the next morning at 8:30 or to see they get the first offer sequence email and so Dr. A couple things so that's for uniformity.

Right? Like that's for you uniformity. Um consistent I like, you know, I like it's the from a metric per second in order to generate reliable metrics learn something from something you need consistent. It's sometimes emails are going out at 8:30 10:30 at 12:30 at 3:30. It's very hard to make decisions about what's working.

What's not working and helping me through what we tested what is happening against and so you got for all the uniform so it's it's like wow. and so make that so the the offer so this also runs for three days and it runs for creates day one and two is two emails and 8:30 a.m. And 8:30 p.m. This is all about them all and the benefits. So we're no longer in the offer sequence.

We're no longer season. Right, like you're not this is like think about it's like, you know, when you are promoting a webinar, let's say and you were trying to get people register for the webinar. You are talking about the author you were talking about the content 11 what they learn but they're gonna you know get from 11 on how they stand you from the level, right? You're cheating the value of the webinar. Well in the in the interest sequence, we're doing the same thing, even the value of consuming the marketing itself, right the marketing himself.

We're teasing to General, you know, hold once they get into the offer sequence the way that I want you to think about is it's kind of like what somebody's attended the weather. You're not teaching me there about what you got, but that's the first one now, you're gonna walk down about the song. Now you're going to talk to them about. You now some of the fourth marketers they move are gonna say well waiting some people on the webinar even webinar here some people on the webinar didn't see y'all. Some people saw the on some people were only there for 35 minutes.

They're 45 don't want to segment out there was you certainly could You certainly could. Right, we don't. so the way that we've been running between four campaigns is you click you go over to the thing that's enough to demonstrate interests for us once now you click and gone over to that thing now we're talking about the all period Period so we don't look at I used to do that when you should do it and so right it demonstrates interest now, we're gonna follow up with them as like you you walked out. I hate this expression. Example but like you walk on the car lot you walk on the car like you plants around you're not talking about mine.

I'm not waiting like we're not taking well this noodles on the car after 30 minutes and let's talk him a certain way. And this is being coming up. Perfect certain way. You can do that. That's cool.

No you raise around. You know, we're we're following up with you about the office that's enough and I think the trouble that I like if we were doing I we were doing seven more. Yeah segment every little. He would lose sleep early. And so yeah, just you know, yeah he not but we still do it or not.

Yeah, but we do are you You guys then into that house? Yeah, the Cannons these are both the canons. I can't believe. So getting back to that so then day four a few days three, you're four minutes that go out. 8:30 a.m.

And 11 wasn't nothing. Oh, no, so right is that a lot of emails? I don't know what you know, what's what do you consider a lot? I don't know it works. So hard for me to you know, when we when we did more email when we said as we sent more email, are you?

Who would have thought? Right, and so like look, I I believe that, you know email email inbox. This is mine. Philosophy, right and this is not Kennedy and Rob and they got up or email marketing Superstars. Well beyond me.

So I would default hit that in terms of timing. But I've like look, I believe that the inbox is noisier than ever before it's easier to miss an email. It's easier to ignore an email. And so I believe I believe like that's the part of the whole campaign thing more friends into that like more things at the back. You know what I mean?

Like you think about this if it was your job to get a base hit a base a basement in baseball and you had two pictures. That you got to swinging or you took a swinging stupid and I was thinking of swing it. way, you know, I could really let sick pictures go by and when Right. I know that I Awesome, right. And and so that's my more streams at the back more streams at the back.

Stop thinking this has to be a grand slam or not. I'm not saying we don't want anything. I'm not saying there are EMP from the year and that we're not working for me, you know protect me because beauty is that when you got when you got this bullet the pressure to me go grants and salt if it's not that's all good. Dude. I'm saying like is that does that make sense?

Last day. So the last day is urgently think about this think about this sequence and almost the aparto. For those of you that have gone along that have done a big promotion where when proceeded this very very similar to that very similar to hear what you get here, but email to my talk about the bonus and what you another email. I'm going to show you. We talk about a case study and testimonials of whether this right and then you know the right before it's hey, there's only 24 hour.

He has only 24 hours left last day is all urgency is you only have left only four hours left. Um, and so and so that's 50 any question. No, okay. So now let's get to this last bit. Uh so we this is the big this is the this is an interesting thing.

So for some reason it's maybe that's all okay might be something you've been doing this for a while every every week. So what what is so we we know that a deadline deadline always drop? Right, like we know the promo strong like, you know what? I mean? Like it's it's strong.

Um, and so I believe you got you know, we've seen more so today whatever we get left in reasons for that a legitimate power. ful user respond that that our thoughts and so right and whenever we get what the deadline no wonder why we see you know. and so now there are different types of there is the typical call it fixed days or fixed period of time devil. so fixed period of time that long fixed date which is what the majority of fixate is. So February 3rd, 1159 p.m.

Eastern time. This is files. But February 3rd, 11:59 PM instant time this expires. That's what typical promotion right that's a typical fixed date promotion. What happens is now if somebody comes in today on the first take the first right on the first of February today.

Well, it will not personally get the message you 48 hours. No next day like 24 hours ago, right? What happened somebody on second? They never hear the they don't have they only have 24 hours. Right?

What happens in somebody comes in the morning of the third. They don't have to be they only have right whatever it is all that. To God meaning that right like everybody expired on the same date and time therefore the experience. The message is different for different people based on when they come into the campaign when you're using a fixed state level, right if the deadline Saturday some people come in Monday, they're gonna get five six days to follow somebody comes in on Tuesday. They're gonna get 40 whatever it is, right.

Somebody comes with Wednesday. You're three days. Somebody comes a third day Duty ball. Can reply one day apart. That's a badly different experience.

very hard Very important understand what's going on there? And so I wanted something where it was beautiful. I almost wanted to take a call it a launch if you will a launch field and you duplicate it for every single individual. every single individual and so that's the image the dynamic definition is a deadline that is the same period of time for each individual regardless of when they start so if I want to give a three day deadlock on an offer and Kyle comes in to that offer today, right? Well then on Saturday.

On Saturday that it's 11:59 pm. He decides. But here it comes in tomorrow. well on Sunday at 11:59 her office like Right and if Luke it comes in after that and on Monday at 11:00, yeah, he tries and so I know and through the same exactly I know but we're gonna build urgency the left game you can stop the offer to save like you can do everything the same for each of them. So there's uniformity there's uniformity so that I can see where the campaign where things are going are going wrong right in the campaign and so fast dynamically get one that you adjust individual based on when they individual coming into the to the campaign.

make sense Now that three day deadlines you got Dynamic deadline is three days is a three-day demo. So they get three days to respond to the all This is important, please. This is this is the match. When is the deadline it? The deadline doesn't begin until they hit the market itself you.

probably the first time it does not begin until they pick the Marketing sales page the first time. So what that means is right we drop everything. Let's say we drop them into your secret. Remember, we put it in there something like Sunday it waits 24 hours, or at least you pull the next morning at 8:30 8:30 a.m. Monday this example, he said the first interest even if they do not click on that what happens Monday night at 8:30 p.m.

They get a second. It's If they do not put on that can you say morning at 8:30 am they get the message? And that process will continue. It's a Wednesday night at 8:30. If they don't click on any of those they never go for the marketings and page they never see all they never hear about they're never know that you don't know urgency novels is no none of it.

It's Monday. They click on email at 8:30 a.m. Or 8:30 p.m. They immediately get brought for marketing itself. They get taken our receipts and now the three-day deadline begins.

So now they got three days and the way that the way this we have it set up a little nuance and more. Is we set it up? So that let's say they let's say we send us out of 8:30. They open up their email on Monday. We open up their email really open up their email and they click on it.

Well, what it does is, you know, three days off the family in the in the rest of the day. And the reason why you with that way is so that when we drop them the next step into the into the office. We know three days birthday in the office. They won it to a three. In other words time properly to be able to say days your left and it's coordinated with the dynamic deadlock today as your last day.

And so the countdown timer coming down. Let's say and the email saying today is he is the last day. Well somebody if somebody puts on on Tuesday, they don't put on. Somebody clicks on this on Tuesday, right? What happens they take it out of this the moment that they put they get over to the market itself.

They and now the free day deadline. now the three-day deadline So it's an important Nuance right? Because the deadlines starting here because remember somebody right somebody could all that, you know, and could you started the deadline here? Well, then what do we Different experience in the conversion some people today being three days taking conversion want to keep uniform. So the deadline only gives on the first visit to this to the page.

Yeah. Yeah, and it's full because what happened to you right be like at no point any interest put sequence email are we say anything like you only have three days or anything like that. There's no top of that right? So the only three days occurs when somebody takes and click on one of the emails. now right and so go Deadline begins when they get this bad boy and then they go over it these 24 weeks till the next morning Billy 30 and then starts this not like the next day.

There are three days like Three and three days make sense. Well, and so the thing I want you to notice here before we before we move on remember what I said that you can generate sales beyond the promotional window. Beyond the promotional window. Well, remember when you send me it out, let's say you've done it now last week. Check out your bullet campaign last week Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday communication.

Now they came back this. And they go and they took their email right? Well and you see here we're agency. Right here. Well, if it was a big day campaign or typical weekly promotion.

Well what happened pretty quickly go over the side. Right. Well what happens here what happens here? It treats to them. It's a whole new.

It's all day. I'm here three weeks before you know, what? Oh three day back. Thank you. Right in the conversion.

This is why you see failed come in from bullets tired three weeks ago. It's crazy. Probably see right. It's crazy how you speak? So understand it that when you get to the point, I'm gonna teach you that couple days.

When you get to a point where you've got several several Bullets Over time that the it becomes Compound Effect today. We're getting sales from bullet side release ago sale from bullet time, please, you know tell from bullets of the bullet fire last week and the bull coming from the bullet that we fire just and so you get this this carryover that because it lives on it's alive until somebody puts on the link. Nobody ultimate somebody puts on that boat over. boom this is a This is what the inside of a real bullet looks and so it's you know interesting but sequence right when you click on what you said, wait a trigger to the conversations. Is implemented law the monastic?

Or when it walked off, that's me promoted. There's somebody playing Saturday still notifications. Yeah, right three days of email here. This is when they click on any one of these what happens you see this arrows here. They don't click.

here right over here, baby, you know here right. What happens if you don't buy? Oh, yeah. Who file points and then I'm done? Um, so there's segment exclusions.

And so this is like we've got f***** without this for your application speak to speak to Tech, um for your application of the words. We keep this very simple, so that really just two things that we do people again number one. All right. So let's say in that real example we were doing yeah. So one of the things one of the groups that all priority everybody walking inside managercraft in the past exclude.

Exclude, right? That's like right who you think you guys of course, but that's like really smooth firefighters and crop and it makes sense, right? That never evolved now on on Friday. I'll tell you a little bit of what you right when you do with them. easy way to multiply but we smooth the that the next is everyone is put in everyone put in some bullet campaign and tag with in campaign.

Do not map. You changing it the other? right Alright, so talking about what city enemy of scale like the middle of presentation Betty. So this did let me put it first, right? So the so everyone goes into the conversion season to the office sequence is any campaign do not do not know the purpose of this we use this ad for a very very long purpose.

This is I don't want to expose people who additional messages that are going through campaigner there don't want if you have a market you can be you created right and dialed in the last thing you want to start you. It's noise in variation because you don't know maybe like you don't want to additional emails. I don't care. It's free here. I don't like anything else because you have no idea how one you positioning perspective right like the motion.

I want to keep it you and so you it's like you not mail don't send anything alone. Let them go through the campaign. Then what happens is go back for a second here. We'll move. This is an old screenshot.

Remove the in campaign. Do not mail remove it. So now okay now people if for some reason we wanted to send an email broadcast, we're going to do that and like I don't remember when all I know that I really Point not introducing noise. Let them go through the campaign. That's the only way you can have an accent you move over time, right you want to be able to say what happened going on here?

You can't introduce noise because you will you'll kill the validity of that. You'll kill and so leave them alone. and this is accurate still paying you tag people. So what what kind of does you purposes but we had people when when they start a bullet. And when they end when we see and thank also the tag them nothing in these when they start the bullet when they start to be entertainment.

Right when they end so we can see this person went through the idiots equal right? Like we we can track you can run reports of people want but we had back. That's the whole step back. But that's a high level overview of this tomorrow. We're gonna get into the weeds some more you're gonna talk about how you guys can do.

Well Dynamic countdown. Oh got tree for you guys a cool demo of Robin Kennedy's the there's kind enough to wheelchair show you guys kind of hero sure that very very simple to do and we're gonna get into the Weeds on the actual emails, right? So simple that I you know, but I'm gonna cover them anyway for you and then really where I would spend a lot of time I believe on second three is I want to help you identify. Where where you got existing content product off to create books? Because it's there.

I'm gonna walk you through an entire act to show you that even if you think I don't have a big product free. I don't have a lot of offers like I don't I don't need it. All right. It's there. It's there what you're thinking you need is likely a lot greater than what actually to be able to do this.

And so was this a good introduction for this can be stronger? He is only evergreen or using broadcasting on Monday. Okay, this products that sir broadcast for all these links of one. One approach and ends automatically started next. Yeah, great great question.

So they are all um isolated and there's no link between one bullet and another meaning so that right. We the manual part I said 90% nobody. So the manual part is when we look at let's say we look at we actually look at you what we want and said this we want our bullet this week and we're just talking about how instructure that right points and what I mean cycle is um facility. The manual part is after like we too and you that part of the secret problem Simplicity because we had an earlier iteration going back. all you you whole machine like came through a crippling pile of smoke and rubble.

And so While I know with marketers online marketers, you hear the word manual like what kind of Neanderthal like approaches this? We really felt like it's necessary to have the pull something. So, okay. That bullet went out. Okay, take a breath.

Let's see a fresh secondation fresh bullet drop them in. Okay run the track again. Yeah, the other thing to keep in mind what the other kind of Secret Sauce part of the approach is you and we're gonna talk about this is that you then can you there's no you're not in hopefully particular order sequence or frequency of our bullets. We we fired like twice in like a six week period you know and other I speak so it gives us the ability and then like at the end of you one look back like we just pull this perform really well good people is Big perform as well. We can be fire in if you want that fire and then we can put that in any order that I want.

So we're not and you the goal it was like once Is Orton might be changed one thing in the whole thing, right? Editing you. Well, yeah you want to represent this 10,000 people or you want people to be excluded but you always You know, are you yeah exactly, you know this way or we could be awesome. All right. here you It's a month, you know, I mean look, you know some family needs to just as good as second time fire.

I think we're still kind of really want some what's the Frequency that we can you roll with without you know, really burning out. I mean some offered also like um are more like you can roll better than what are also there's other things. Hands on you know, like it depends on how our this is growing organic people are not people but it you know, it was amazing to see. Of all it you send it out. You know, that's not money.

That is Doing together since you brought you. The same thing again and we've had a whole lot of people to our list. Sometimes people this is not the right time what you know, what's what you're focusing on you could somebody help? Right one time that doesn't mean any. But I still refreshing.

It's not very respondent that are. Yeah. Yes, you know you haven't but yeah, you said all the time like but go to cloudy and sometimes like look, you know a person say for less than that either are not in the United. So but you didn't work but it be great. He's great and then all the sudden it prayers like let's all right.

That's it done. Well, it doesn't have one more time see everybody you can do that when you know. Well, you know, it's not it's just one of that. It's not the game's not over you you. Okay.

it's you people buy from the community so it cost money. a feature B for example, but but the second chain you won't want to change people check Lord, if you yeah. obviously he very very smart really short different. Um another day this idea that like, you know, even if you only have One product. That doesn't mean that number one.

That was easy. Yeah and doesn't give you all for the father. Remember you can certainly change up more of a variety is that there are other variety of different vehicles? To promote even to see more you can have people you have a long form sales letter. You have three point you right all promotency exactly you so like there's really no excuse once or whatever you not have something going out to your alcohol on a regularly.

Good good couple things I found. one you don't. just Facebook everyone in the military we have okay, I'm sending them all over same long way, but tell me again often to a bridge that actually outlining some of the veto. So I'm not ready to get away. just giveaway 6 to 12 major is so they get in the same path, but also Yeah, that's all and so good.

Okay, so is we're gonna try to share from Mr. Rob and you give everybody a Good. Are you? So it's the next door by. you want to navigate?

if you I guess it's time. I was like 96, right? That's the look how it's business that I yeah, so It's okay. So yeah, so last time we did a screen here. cool if here then yeah, this is gonna.

blender and blender you it's if you Okay. here you if you he will here you but actually yeah. you know please here Are every problem right? it was yeah. and you're mentioned.

you know one of the computer around me you here Yeah. Anyway, yeah. ProFlowers utility we all know how to do to you hi everybody. I would even like you. Really?

That's all good. And so you know how you there's an embarrassing which is amazing marketers because so I'm here. and honestly like all I hope you Obviously, yeah. That's terrible. Oh, so I I've been running my book follow up for years now pretty consistently maybe a couple of times.

We've slowed it or stop it much to find embarrassing is that's the business that I'm in I'll give you some stats and some numbers and kind of show you what we're doing got here with football my perspective. It's a little bit of like this before you all goes normal is never Customs I'm going to be once they're not breaking even their maybe 50% getting their initial acquisition cost back. But all the money is Obviously, okay so muscles physical side really complicated, you know, there's probably a dozen things that you would change the email strategies that I talked about the sporting embarrassing listening that because of boats with me and the fact that I really do any of those things and then there was a whole mention of well, you know, that's you last time. He that's all I did. Hopefully I'll do that.

But I'm gonna feel like some sad from like the last 30 days of my particular football and kind of what we're doing. We spent about 24 Grand just on the blue phone. There's obviously YouTube ads that we run and we run to add some Workshop run ads to application only for sales team. This is just the book funnel stuff reason. I put a box in over here is we also track anybody that feels an application for points.

And so just from that 24K extend which amount to about 350 Book Sales. I'll give you the numbers on that which isn't enough honestly in love, but it's members of we were a little bit slower in December. Um, so right out of the gate we have 57 patients. the captains and emails Because we're always looking at. Parts with as qualified employees hospital that's really important news.

These are biases that are applying these were assets from that roughly say here in time like days or so. We're having trouble values three four dollars is awesome. Relatively low. It's a pretty broke population of dreamers that want to be offers. This is true.

You know, we're trying to find the top one two percent people that really is that are actually looking at non-fiction. They're not doing about their inter. Ior of physics expensive it responsibility not literally. You should have. It's also work.

Oh by $4 Digital ebook, right? So we're able to at least those folks like they want to have coaching months to my team, but you with their conversations that really aren't doing it. So we're really want to spend as much time as we can people through our photo. We also get a good. Students signature, but again, you know goes out everybody probably should and forever values a little bit lower there.

So these are some of the specific to me and I'm just I'm kind of hammer do this because if you don't have a book or interested in one and they know many of this stuff if you do have what you should be running track to it you should be and maybe if you have a great high school, you should have a book to be able to do this. But this is the last 30 days for us. So average value 34 bucks about 72, so we're only getting that maybe The dollar or absent from that we track single purchase and they're good experience with us. So from that in the first three days, we had four direct populations, which equated to 50,000 Revenue. We also read again, relatively new for us and a little shameful, but we just started about 60 days ago Facebook group that we're driving from the book buyers in Facebook group trying to walk people up so we brought two out of Another 42ks, basically 95k Justin the first 30 days from our book follow and if you do the math, it's like we said 24,000.

We got about 11 minutes and of oh, yeah, so I mean maybe 1500 miles so out of that 24,7 and then 12 left in sales. I'm going to talk more about email workshops and consumption you'll see. Then I'm going to share in just a couple of minutes. So something that I've been doing. is I think you people that we've either help with funnels or even doing here and I'm doing that because You specifically on what?

so obviously material that I can give you one three and a couple of from them. So the first is probably the most not here if you don't know if you A few months ago. He's not 500,000 a man literally half of his entire advertising budget is on their books. Their book funnels are the only thing. here secrets in six years seven years ago.

That every two years we're going to new book ball. It is the only funnel that he runs that he is profitable on within 30 days what he shared is. Um, his break even is 30 days with footballs all of his other phones. It's about a 200 pulse wire a flip-finals Trier and it takes about 14 days on average to recoup their expense on that trial so obviously there 50% or half billion bucks on into a couple of things. They also noted pretty cool that I haven't heard a bunch of all their children.

He read the book consume the book. That's what they is. It gives Concepts people that churned out and then they come back in because they Now understand they have a bigger picture expert secrets.com secret for whatever so book buyers. Are your best buyer because and the other thing that I hope Think she does is his papa and people go to exit the screen. So it's writing people directly to Amazon Barnstable Kindle Nook rather than to and didn't tell me this, but I hope you roses sale or say Thanks.

and there was all through their puts more which is online purchases Amazon I just so Russell said specifically the recently does that is because there's a number no, they can still trust upon they want the book and they're willing to spend $20. He didn't book Amazon rather than $7.95. Anybody else? Interesting test it's something that we're going to be testing for. I started Russell that's a great case study.

Obviously happy million bucks a month. It adds to his footballs probably speaks for itself. I mean, I don't know what It's probably a million dollars more. Next case study. I don't know.

These guys are clients in community. No, that's probably seen them more and more. Um, really really cool guys didn't interview with them. I actually met them at sleep levels of getting more. CTX award and they are sending now passive through on Justin.

And they're doing that because what they've done. Expressed is you know. Has been fantastic for them. They just crack a million bucks a month, like two or three months ago when I didn't add interview, however running on average. multiple million dollars, but what they found is that from the Thousand purchases the month.

The quality of you is significantly better than from just frequency Seekers that they were filling their their group with in the early days. So really really helpful. These are theirs specific staff. Their cost for acquisition by bucks their average order values. So about 40, you know 45 so almost 50% Um, they're getting their ads sent back.

They drive everybody to Facebook group and their sales items. There's what they found is that and this is a extremely high notebook which for us it's lower for another example. I'll show you in seconds. So 5% of all. or sending to about that's pretty considerable.

So beginning an idea to someone else's books and those thousand books there to lead to about half dollars in sales. So when they practically bucks a month a half a million dollars came from their bookfall. Okay now not just directly people bought immediately after they purchase book in many cases. They found that in Facebook group warn them up more and then 15 minute triage call led to the strategies that Center so they hit their first million dollar one half from the book. They also have a really cool.

SMP where their their zapping to people that go through and consume various chators. By the way, the Common Thread with everybody was email sequence after the book buyers all about consumption. Basically email number one talks about chapter. Number one email number two chapter. Number two email number three chapter number three Etc.

So it's seven days of nothing but consumed into read the book learn about the book Etc. So everybody is that way these guys students a little bit is they are tracking consumption and I don't know taking wrong we can explain how to do that, but they're tracking him something and someone who reads Two or chapter number three the book it Zapped it into their slack Channel and one of their Center receives that this person read chapter number three gets all their information and they have died by the way everybody out now must but all the high ticket including us we have about every single wire immediate within 45 minutes. We're out and that's more like the customer service. so it's like there's no it's where the book of So what is it's I thought congratulations. Listen.

Did you have any problem getting into the membership area anything we can help then that leads into? Hey while we're on television tell me about your business some about why you're writing book. Tell me about XYZ and it needs it to reach call. We send to an application call. So but their email sequence for consumption leading to all really really ninja from my perspective.

some of you guys I know very good friend of James Hurley's on a secure projects there. What would stand like This very very interesting projects. very funny you stop doing that for whatever reason so just all right. Yes. So being and by the way students these three because they're offers a different obviously Russell.

you know easy to choose in because of his spend and because of how his books and let opposed but he is you know, someone that really why it's a community guides there or a high ticket kind of service-based combo between done with you and done for you and and Dean is Visa. Maybe this is a an affiliate offer 5K this off. So he's been running the iceberg effect on his book called for four plus years really good stuff. He has really unique interesting videos you follow us up if you don't because it's it's really pretty interesting and fun. Here's the numbers his CPA 17 dollars every year.

He's getting blinded back up front, which is really good job with his upsell sequences. 13% of his book buyers due to an application within 30 days. That's pretty good. We're actually higher than that as you know it you know what 300? Maybe 400 sales.

We had 72 apps first 30 days. Just that in track. Through Facebook 3% of all this buyers. Good number also it's not as the points you guys but that's more likely see three percent of all book buyers. So, you know my ticket as average client values like that.

I asked him really specific numbers asked everybody. He didn't want to give it to me, but he's been running it for plus years and it's multiple seven figures a year. So I think he's approaching roughly 10 million dollars just from his footballs and again very similarly. He's supposed on his email sequence everything be about consumption of those content because of educated buyer a book buyer is we're far more than an option or somebody that's gonna watch a video all that makes sense. So I'm going to do it fast, but let me give you a couple of last use that that may be helpful.

Um, so one of the things that I think really led to us. And what I hope will be our best year ever is I've really was stuff that we've always done and repeat doing a better job. I've really kind of taken the hardness idea of using and the momentum that comes from that for my entire business and looking at it very kind of holistic as a whole rather than running campaigns that I've run maybe two three challenging year our challenges. Best 140,000 One Challenge worse, you know 150 175,000. So very very beneficial.

If you ever run live challenges saucing for me not super enjoyable, but the end result only the new clients. That's really fun. I do workshops last year did maybe two workshops. They're like three and a half. Down like okay.

If I can get the seamless. So what an aside to do was I decided to start running a monthly Workshop every single month and one of my concerns though was you know burning out my lists or feeling like even Vanessa that I have so really simple all we're doing is taking my buckets. My workshop is the it's my book based published promote profit Workshop published profit challenge. What we're doing is we're taking a different cook every single and we'll rotating the boats. So we'll rotate a book.

Maybe my hook. It's more in love number one month number two more primarily both launch. Published remote and profit-based, you know, maybe I focused speaking engagements from book. Maybe I couldn't lead gentle book. Maybe I could just put almost Etc.

So and yet the presentation could be mainly the same I'm gonna have people on there that don't have a book that people on there who's not launch. Well, I'm gonna have people on there to want to make money. So so to be the same presentation and so that's one decision that we made that because we saw that everything else. Everything else over here three weeks agrees just itself the number of Appeals. by sales teams clothing particularly single that are completely unrelated to increase significant number of 70s led to Applications increase significantly and then you know, obviously Four months and you start the cycle all over again.

So changing that. You know, maybe looking at last year still being a preview here with all the challenges that what we do this year to maintain and increase them least more money. Then I'm gonna be doing Works using consumption. Yeah, obviously emails just barely do so here's what's this was my January to work. Again, all related all focused on the book.

We spent not enough money 12 5 more minutes. We got two grand macleeds back. Back in and we made nine sales. and they attend. The full pitch.

No we close the car everything. The buyers have to put down. So we can tend to posits nine of inflows and six or seven were full pay. We give a full bonus. but again all right and then to Stats and whatnot who organized under the five day also, our focus is going to be homes.

To put room. So we're going to focus on Facebook group harness on the regular basis again, great book content leading them back to wherever like that. It's going to be my workshop or strategy session Counterpoint by saying to see Etc. So pretty simple and probably most of you Us but you know, we get sales every single day. I send email out to my list.

You know, this is my super signature if you will and now we're putting Facebook. I do a Wall Street Journal. That's indicate offer. That we make and of course very first one is you know, 1196,000 bonuses go buy my Wall Street journalists, probably two three four six months. Excuse me a day.

That extended leads into applic. ations There you go. That's everything started. but yes. you Do I do probably in the beginning?

I? those numbers but you know, it's a percentage is our there we go. So, you know 946 opt-ins and 340 of those fought actually on the book. So we're we're still you know. the answer to but you Yeah, 20 21 26 percent was last month, which is a great but at least it's very exactly and then um 36% of those eyes go on.

And so yeah, so building, you know this and selling the book. Yeah. What the workshop? Yeah. you know, it's a it's both sad and good.

Um, we need to make sure we're almost this is you being a best selling all you need to do babies. So we need to know that you're a great fit for us and you may have additional work. But I spend this. You know, I say look everybody knows. pictures your idea let us know that since you were trying here far away maybe you Got put down 9.

I don't want your 900. Nice you follow through with this amazing offer maybe and that's it goes like put your cost down that application. it you see but that's yeah other works why? that is It is. Yeah, I I want to make it simple all.

but here you And if you're somewhere between you've written a conversations Saga, we'll figure that out. But here's what you got to do to figure out give us a thousand bucks in the internet. yes, I give the price details probably if I didn't even have It's not a sales, but it's me. I've done all the selling work in and all they're doing is like the information. Yeah.

free videos Yes. it is um, you know myself even say anything have permission on these deals because their order taking deals so I still pay my saved him a participalities but So I'm like here. we have pitch a pitch twice a pitch at Allen to pitch at the end. And yeah, I mean, it's always Yeah, too much 5% then. Yeah.

Or really? for slowly You aim of acquiring answer? That it worked multiple. I like all the students here. Perceiving me one thing that I notice.

I don't know more. but pointed out and one of the front end here let us. And yet Rob is presenting them in the concepts of front end and back in feeling. How it's that's good and that's right, but I tip might have in other words it shows you should reaffirm. That why the back end is so and then the better the back it is easier the front end calls, but like it would love.

That's the one instead. but yet you can use that to acquire body and beautiful and other words in 11 and yet it's why is that because that game that's why I said to you he's just about how we're acquisition right and like look. crazy mortgage here you you have the back end when you have the doctor in business set up, it gives you the ability to acquire on one end with even what marker we love our Point here you one point It's not. You back in that comes from understanding of all because the better back end easier the product because you can use the back end of something. I we have your vision.

That's the baby. That's the game of boots. he of the supplement take advantage and I can't think of anybody to bring more value of the learning curve. actually people that Robin thank you. you so as Kenny and Rob get all right.

Was really really exciting. Yeah. Oh, I don't. but the last but I really But some of the things you thousand hour Christmas with no sales calls, they're all yours. Thanks you.

Good. just all right, so we'll share with you how how validates and all yeah, it's kind of Yeah, so the question you might have your business, but I like God those likes people who buys really you are interested. Are you? yeah, so the other thing is it the right. audience in the right of so you this is time to stand up.

So if you and if you For this accelerator. It's and we all like those not but we just how do you find that? I miss looking like right because you everybody who's Quite good of this. So the first ingredient be what they can get. Has become really decided that we just you.

So for now, we just want to ask the questions and then we'll be there. So the first step of the woman so if you slightly long and answer you the question for basically, who are you? What do you do have access that line we decide we just, you know more than 10,000. I think so these they don't have to go together. We want to degrees people about that.

So we want to make sure that we want to tell that have you made more people answered. This will never be concerned about which invite program. Do they have to tenacity. To watch continue without a long ago. Oh made fire there making six there.

They do all the stuff because only that I'm not approached anybody is if it got just load of ideas every week which one thing they've always wanted sense. I'm just Nation. Are they gonna have they put you? everything done that I'm like really good time. So effectively what we just design of persons.

It's quite a limited program based on you that's ability freedoms. And the people that you really means Hi, everybody here. You making Landings. They don't feel good about what we do. Have been bad that good.

And then again, we have some public this your one. you man, but the final question was is It this thing together, which was literally. But yeah with a good name that's kind of what it all down. We didn't know what it's livable lost. eight weeks definitely noticed it but I'm gonna get this out.

We know you've lost a problem because well it's expensively really so Check this box if you would like. so you We know. Basic idea said yes, please. So let's say look at I Things to point out about this and instead of your opinion for you to find a premium programming us six. And this is what does this is what we've done with this and by the end of it will happen, please would you be interested I'd likely details of this.

So now that's there's a bookology here. So we use a lot of simultaneous, but we did. and say oh this was like that's for your opinion. The reason is that it's because it's social media. Yes people love.

Especially about something right? So why don't you but planning a premium program softly lots of foundational work about Premier that we started to write and very good our emails. this is how available to you by the last 12 months just 5,000 people so like what it was privately you so really play the price that you really do all that and then the reason for us will be that right. You want to listen? we the school committedly consists that is basically that they have so that's so we turned out to our audience and so it came up with 10% while this end up being what we qualified.

In other words. They're not all about you and that's 10% beef. welcome, so that's yeah, so maybe not so they could of our entirely people who pick the criteria. And bring that plans those 10% of all the most. Well actually That's that's you.

anything another one Which allows you? He's meeting people engaging. me that's awesome people for so that's gonna have to but what? Another responses, okay. So just do it.

Now. You see what happens if you put together a respond that it's terrible content and basically my daughter that is based on how would you and then recorded a video what we but not to say okay, you know. That's right. And we usually because it's basically because you building a survey you that's why I think would be interested in this actually works. So we basically should start doing okay you For a couple of reasons largely everyone.

all around here now that we've actually done we realize that next time. So well, it's not like literally, you know what he well 15 minute video. That's all and you and we did not give you the links to move up. So it was literally a video from video and all that and more second of the content was an on-screen divisional teacher also used to speak. But in this one it was taking element is more than all the leaves offer.

Us like you need anything or small engine the slides good and here awesome. So this is what we need. Is it what you know, so this is the Google talk like this is conference place and documents On the other one just play it. This is literally what an iPad there and Google on the iPads. It's like yeah, the reason we did that.

Because in the events. We've included screenshot of the videos and we knew that. We want to realize. Two very differently. So we both divide the style of the video to be immediately.

So that's why we're like, okay. This will be one of the whole document why don't have a sort of speaking definitely would never which is plans or looks like this and all those kindness. So again, really visual TJ looks what ways It goes on both videos supposedly. But they called watching literally. Yeah, so I mean so our yeah.

and he's Office page and therefore you're not talking to the part. We're gonna ask me on my Facebook to do that. We'll chat about what it is and then you so that's one another. All right. because yeah, but still.

States but now we're getting into prove it by showing us. to do those so that we've got a bunch of people. Oh, yes, basically we track every subscriber and how much of the video and so basically what we did is you and if you That's important and the video magnets, right? So you so now we've got three types. We got so many more videos.

We've got something to watch 95% And what it is it's so conditionally contented content in the email. So that's down promote you Google but you know about videos and have you check that you the people who started watching video? Yeah almost to say that I just really important. So make sure you really what my device like take those three people. you Yes, that's also often something.

You said eggs and start working video you again switching to record that I And then we close them by the end absolutely won't anymore. Yes if it play if you You don't. really important basically an idea to find out they get in because there's only so here's a screenshot of conversations is expanded how they go so basically Antonio again role today I really must. So just about next. And put my opening copy and creating live always.

And so this was advice, so I said the next year. So next year, okay. Sure here. Must you the second video here. Just so that would preventable conversation.

And the next thing is they and that's about as long as you can really it's not if you advice the most questions, we got one. and that was I thought I was just an interesting thing. I want to prove the power of this inside and accidentally sort of evidence. That's why okay. Yes after what happened supposed to say.

Oh, yeah not We go. Okay cool box. So I tell you this I just you but it's there was a lady and she was literally. Really small block of us in between the very long time. saying by you That's the one holy.

Thank you. Absolutely a fairly High ticket what you so we've never seen before motivation you here today. Is this what really really well? so little bonus head we said hello. Which are the holy candles?

and that I was say something through say something through so that the only pen place these ones are already. And we put the name. Of all the different people who will give you somebody then. There you go. Good three ways now.

all seven and fortunately and I actually so what I mean we could do is it's actually that's not all that. It's actually before place the only reason The Bible story of them like visually have a feeling that I like these are people these are that I've said that food. These are they probably seeking around. You found this video a small facing. What do you?

The unmeather and this level of impact. It's That was a lot. Something else you so that's it. Just three days before Christmas one. You hear people Christmas whenever idea and validating and so you Go and use again.

Well over useful if you and approximately yeah. you small are is you here because it's not based on how good this it's not validating to existence is it it's it's Very very, what's up. Are you? Rather than having two people say cars. You'll have two different parts and on the wall pain so long there on the two payments you.

I'll just be able to do the opposite on the same thing. Yes you All right, so not couple things for you. So first of all around the balls again if I'm going to be Like this is like interact. I don't. know Okay a couple things so.

As you brought it. Yeah, it's repairing local Latin lunch for everybody. out of school six story ballots all the goodies The MVP of valuable not one. Here after the million dollar communication that means you're the member that you appearance. They're helping people you're giving you're sharing your Jewels knowledge everybody.

Dating and amazing way. And so what we're going to do is in just about three minutes. We're going to break for lunch. here there's find out we'll do lunch and then we're having Susan. And we're just gonna do all that will be after more.

Your chance of body out with different people sent audible team is available my secret anybody Grant blend up right Chris anybody in our team? Okay, actually, it's not her time. I know. You know, Jim leave us down talk to Chris about last time attention. I think it's up.

I know that I make sure that you're taking full advantage of everybody. Who's See them too. Okay, and then again that'll probably last. Round Here Anybody have any questions about it? They're very dislike convers.

Yeah, okay. So so Chef we're ready. Okay. awesome That's okay. So you want to watch up?

Within
