---
title: "Top 1 Day 3 2023-02-03 14:41:54"
date: 2023-02-03
duration: 2h 9m
duration_seconds: 7764
vimeo_id: 795651430
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Top 1 Day 3 2023-02-03 14:41:54

**Date:** 2023-02-03 | **Duration:** 2h 9m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Chargbt today with chat as a copywriter. I look at that stuff 99% of the time. I think it's f****** terrible. It's not even close to cut. It's not copy.

It's radio guy copy are you struggling to make rent then you need to call so and so I mean it's that's just just read it and in the voice of a radio guy and it will sound exactly perfect. If you read good copy and the voice of radio guy. It's gonna sound like really strange and you're gonna see what I'm talking about here. So just going into Jasper. I'm really hoping this video is gonna play here and I'm gonna show you if I can here we go.

There we go. Cool. I didn't want to take any chances not having Internet connection. So I'm just gonna walk you through this. I'm going into Jasper.

I'm going into if you don't know Jasper. It's an AI tool. This is boss mode and I'm gonna ride up here where you need to start. This is pre prompting the AI to understand what you're talking about. Right?

And so I'm gonna write up here. In a brackets in this case, we're going to use the avatar. And you're going to want to Define what your avatar is. I'm this we're going to do dog owners, okay? So simple like this just something I know nothing about that's important Niche is dog training.

Those are the four words I wrote. If you consider that writing we got wrong profession, you're wrong gig you got going there. Alright, so I'm gonna come down here. I've already asked you didn't see this because I'm trying to cut down time. I asked AI what is the primary goal of a dog owner looking to train their dog and it came back with train your dog to be more of any so this is not hard right, but this is all that I had to put into this but use this tone of voice emotional comma visceral language.

If you're using AI right this down this changes the perspective of the copy coming out the machine pretty dramatically so that will work now I'm just gonna come up here and if I wouldn't I try to make this as fast as I can guys, sorry, but I I ride a three email sequence with each email being 150 words designed to promote a dog training offer called the doggy handbook use direct response style language. And gain logic fear as the pattern. So I'm asking a relatively simple thing like this. Now look at the crap that comes out of Jasper. All right shakes a are you a dog owner who's life as being disrupted by your pups obedience do they so this is not bad do they jump do they chew Etc introducing the dog a handbook?

new from Ronco it's gonna And look at what they call the it check out the logic email. Are you still struggling to keep your puppy in line? Don't give up. There's still hope. This is not copy.

This is word spewed out by artificial intelligence. But what happens if you can bind three apps? Jasper chat, and of course my own copy Pro. What comes out the other end? Well, I'm gonna show you and then I'm going to give you URL that you can actually go see the sales page for yourself.

It's not edited. So copywriters I would edit this for real, but I want to show you a first draft and you're gonna get 10 emails all related to doctor not buying anything. Just just showing what's coming out of the machine to show you. What's possible here. Okay, Trio AI is what I'm calling the course.

That's not the name of my AI That's Just the course because I'm having to use three Benson's gonna do it all in one and even we're it's gonna do it with a Google search. You can literally do a Google search. copy the right hand of Wikipedia stick it into Benson. And go get a ham sandwich and come back and you'll have a 6,000 word BSL. So I got this whole section in here saying should you be afraid of this?

Hell yeah, you should be very afraid of this or you should look at this as the greatest leverage tool that we've created for copywriters and marketers since word processors. It's like Don Draper refusing to go to work for a company because he's going to he has to have his typewriter. It's no different guys. It is no different. I was sounding the alarm in 1997 that the people will start buying things on the internet.

I know that's crazy crazy talk. I distinctly remember when I owned an ad agency people saying why are you putting the email address on the car? Because this is gonna be a big thing. No one's ever gonna email us. I remember people smart people saying no one will ever put a credit card into the internet.

That's just dumb. and now I'm in the same environment some 20 years later and people are saying the same thing about AI I I was never gonna replace human. It's already replacing human copyrighters now, it's not good. But they don't know that but copywriters can take this and make it f****** great. It can save you so much time.

It's unbelievable. It is not going to replace humans for soul for ideas for Big Ideas, but it does a pretty damn good job of things when you train it, right. So I'd like to show you this to you with the time. I have left because I'm going to need every single a minute of it. This was the opt-in page and this is the opportunity to new AI writes cash grabbing sales pages in 11 minutes using only four words.

pretty direct response Now this was written by AI. notice the plural verb Todd That's because I've taught copy Pro what plural verbs are cash grabbing. I asked AI what are what are other ways of saying money? So I put the little put my see the mind-blowing demo and free training and come here. Now.

There's a video of me on this page for real does Rover ignore you The AI wrote does your dog ignore you I thought that was good and I simply replaced dog with your Rover this stranger dog to obey any command in record time. Simple it's I'm not trying to win a copyright anymore. I'm trying to get sales the pain of frustration bites the Each year millions of dog owners will set out on the journey to train their canine companions very few will actually taste success kind of good. That was his luck. Some lucky ones will do this.

Have you had a similar experience where to begin? I'm going as fast as I can you end up feeling powerless embarrassed hopeful, you know, sometimes I feel like there's no way you can do this. Now. I'm gonna get down here and break down some of our copy. Have you ever wished owning a dog was as easy as a lucky ones make it look does that sound like something AI would right?

Okay. Now look at this, you may secretly wish you could snap your fingers accomplish your training dreams or pray and make it all go away. So I just skip right to the pitch here because this is a demo. The simple solution for dog owners who crave well-behaved and happy pups without breaking the Vape or wasting time a USB not a bad one. Okay discover how to properly train your four-legged family member look at all the variations the comes up with this.

Okay. Now this is the part that we're copy writers should pay attention. These are bullets and they're damn good too quick that I have to go super fast. Sorry guys, you're gonna have to look at this on your own. I'm gonna try to read the bullets like deceptively simple way to quickly see a map to shift in your pups Behavior.

Oh, look at this one. It came up with the hook down here opposition obedience. That's my negative hook. There's a negative and positive hook that I teach it came up with oppositional obedience. They need to find it.

That term didn't exist until it came up with it. Okay. Are you making any of these three dog training mistakes? Don't even walk your dog until you find out these are bullets of Gary bins of Inga style, you know, and other people, you know, make peace style Surefire remedy for pup stubbornness. You're gonna love this.

What is that presumption? Right so presupposition. So anyway on and on and on all in those bullets that all came out now, how did I do? It is the question and with six minutes, I can't tell you. I can't show you I'm gonna have to get past this but I'm gonna try so I'm gonna try to get past you're gonna have to just read this for yourself.

So I guess pre prompting is the secret. Sorry. No way around it. Blame Damian free product free prompting us a secret. So what is pre prompting?

So what we do this different is we take existing formulas out of coffee Pro that we already know or a list or good. And we take those formulas and we take sections of those formulas at a time and we'll put us put that above the command prompt for AI. So we'll put that in there first and it just reads in a weird way. I want to help you verb pronoun secondary goal and overcome objection one dash verb, so it looks kind of weird because we coded copy Pro to be AI ready AI friendly, so if you just stick that in there and say based on the content above right this as an email, it's gonna go off and radio guy voice. It will just completely ignore it.

So we came up with this thing called pre prompting and all that is is we take the first sentence of whatever it is. It's above there. We copy it. We write in our prompt. I'm going to give you the exact prompts the language that are in here.

Okay, so use these prompts because these have been worked on for six months to get this to work. We use the prompt to say, I want you to rewrite this and in a direct response style follow the pattern above and then underneath it. We just copy the freaking first line and put a colon at the end of it or a dot dot then we hit the button. And it follows it to a T. Follows it that so pre prompting is that people say it's all about the prompts.

It's all about the pre prompts if you wanted to follow something and give you ideas and so it starts to write around what we've created but filling it all the gaps. And so this is where the AI personality comes out is in the gaps, but we force it into a copywriting structure that we know is persuasive. And now we get the kind of copy that you're about to see here. So we have to skip over this. Sorry guys.

Okay, so What I want I'm gonna try to do this real quick here now. I don't have time. Sorry. Yeah, I was going to show you how we do this in here. But in copy Pro this starts, I'll come in here and I'll Define a project and then I'll do top one demo.

I if I would normally I would Define a blueprint and a blueprint as you're with the marketing language you want to use I'm gonna start from scratch. Just create it create from scratch because blank nothing. I don't I just need the patterns. So think in terms of formulas and patterns, they're not templates. They're actually formulas.

So I'm giving it an idea AI a concept a context to write around right? And so if I come in here and go, I want a promotional email or whatever. I can come and copy Pro and just type whatever I want but and if I would have known this I would really sped this up. But okay email sequences and promo. So simple simple just want to sequence of emails do a promo and I'm gonna pop in here and you could choose one of 50 sequences lots of different kinds of sequences so scroll down here and I just I'm just gonna take one.

This is grab one. I hope I grab it pretty quickly wrong button like it. There we go, and then I'll just start this project so I could add sales letter whatever whatever but we're just doing something simple and I'll show you what we're taking and copying into Jasper. So we use chat for storytelling that's about it. But we use Jasper's boss mode for the rest.

So I'm copying all this. And see this language here. This language. These are called trigger fields and we use these trigger Fields as copywriters. We know with these are what's the secondary goal?

Does anyone not know what a secondary goal is going? If your primary goal is to lose weight your secondary goal would be fit back in your favorite genes. Look good. Look good naked those are not the primary goals are the secondary goals. So I'm coming over here and pasting this up here.

Subject line, I'm leaving everything intact everything. I can delete it if I want to but I still have this thing over there called dog owners dog training dog lovers or dog lovers and dog training. So it has to understand the the context of what I want then we come down here. And I'm going to write a prompt. I hope oh and by the way, you can take out anything that for example, I don't need the AI to write my own signature.

I think I can pretty much handle that so I would take that out. But anything that's asking for over here. I make sure that I put over there if I need it like the name of an offer or something like that. So I'm gonna write a prompt down here. I'm gonna scoot all this up and this is the prompt you're gonna get this prompt in the slides.

Just use this prompt. And try not to ask too many questions this pretty straightforward. But watch what I do, here we run this and I'll be at the end of this Damian. You're okay. You're okay time.

I got to me to give you any threatening stance. Hey, don't feel threatened. Yeah. All right, so creative story very important. This role emotionally charged language keep the same structure but more conversational so I teach something called conversational persuasion.

So I built in and taught Jasper conversational persuasion about this much but enough enough to get us going Benson will know it inside now. Conversational persuasion is very potent as you're about to see so I'm going to come over here and I'm just gonna add a couple of more background for like a URL. Hardly writing right the name of the book maybe in yeah over here. So anything that you know, you can stick over there into anything. You don't need you can just delete like They got but I'm gonna grab.

I'm gonna grab the very first sentence here. I hope that's what I'm doing here. Yeah, okay, those are called blinders. If you don't want AI to read back over something you can just do this. So I'm coming down here and I'm gonna hit compose.

First of all, I'm gonna do it without the pre prompting. This is without pre prompting. And also I know because I wrote the formula this is way off. Look at this. It's starting to here's an answer making good.

This is not this is not the formula it sometimes this is good to run and get some ideas. But this is not sticking to our direct response formula. It's starting to sound like a blog post if it sounds like a blog post, it's wrong. Like it's just wrong. So I'm gonna come up here.

And start with copying the very first sentence of my tip of my formula right here. I'm just going to copy the first sentence. It starts going off track here. So. And again, I would have made I'm supposed to be talking all through this but I'm trying to get it done as fast again.

Sorry someone come back up here. And copy the first sentence, please. Tell me I'm doing that. All right, like here's the first I I can copy the first sentence or first two sentences. I just want to give it context.

So I want to come down here and just delete all this stuff and I'm gonna run that whole thing again, but now watch what happens when I when I copy the context delete copy this I want to do this in real time without edits so that you guys can see that I'm not bullshiting you now from here. I'm going to put dot dot at the end. For whatever reason sometimes AI responds better to a colon or not hit compose now look at it. Down to the formatting down to the paragraphs, but it's rewriting what I wrote in different. So everything's fresh and it's filling in look teacher pup proper manner stop them from jumping on gas.

Help them overcome barking issues secondary goals, but you don't want to sacrifice your pup safety or their happiness objections. It's filling in all the objections I want. Peace of Mind knowing that you're on the right path, you've got an email here that's filled in all of these gaps. And what I'm teaching people to do is to go in to copy pro copy and paste from Jasper. Start filling out your blueprint.

So next time you come in there. You don't need half the day eventually, you'll have all the data in there that you need to write anything. Now if I wanted to do something any if I didn't like something I could rewrite it. I could literally delete everything from that point on and go click again and we'll start rewriting because the pre prompting that's the secret to getting AI to write really really persuasive copy. Is that free property thing.

So you can use this to develop Hooks and Big Ideas. I'm not gonna go through that cut and paste you can form a blueprint exactly what I would be doing if you want this page and see what what I just did only see it in an actual sales page. Just go to jonathan.com for such Trio and you'll see the opt-in page and you will see the sales page that was written in 10 minutes using forwards. All right. Thank you.

Thank you, John. you a 25 minutes of room training on AI That's all the time here. So John, that would be awesome. Anything here. Remember I said Is like you know?

Yeah, I had all the definition of those terms. Sorry none at all. Because yeah, so so if that's something you love to do John, I know the top one group would love to do it as well. Okay. All right.

So we're gonna I'm gonna switch the schedule just a little bit and make a tweak since James was part of the million dollar Power Hour. I felt we'd give him a little break a little break from his snarky jokes. And so we're gonna have Todd come up and take you through the final part of the bullet campaigns implementing into me in your business. And also which is super exciting. It's one of the first things I said when he was working on this Workshop is like, okay, we may need to make sure we address like how about folks are like man.

We don't have this robust library of offers. How do we still do this? And he's like dude, I got that covered. So excited for you to share. We got 45 on the clock for you.

Okay? so we're in the home stretch appreciate you guys and gals staying focused only a handful of hours remaining and then you can kind of decompress and process everything that we've talked about over the last handful of days and so stay strong Until the End right stay focused until the end there could be a nugget or two for you to extract from From everything shared and so we covered these interests. We covered the interest sequence emails yesterday. And so today I want to cover really three main topics for you three main areas. The first thing is we're going to talk just very very little bit about the dynamic deadline and this is really it's more just you understanding the role of the dynamic deadline and then I've asked Kennedy and Rob just to come up and show you a software that you can you can use if you want to do a dynamic deadline.

This is not there's no pitch. There's no offer. There's no my I'm not partners with these guys or anything. I just wanted to show you what an option is for you for the dynamic deadline and then most importantly we're gonna end by talking about ways of putting together bullet campaigns what I mean is where do these offers where do these products where does this content come from? So those of you that Are like I don't really have anything to use in a bullet campaign.

My aim is that by the time I'm done with that section of this training, you'll have multiple ideas for where to pull from and I believe that for each and every one of you there are there's a there's a resource. There's a reserve that you just don't realize you have to use for bullet campaigns and then very quickly we're going to talk about the scheduling process that we use to actually get them on the promotional calendar. And so the dynamic deadline Is I already mentioned to you. We use a three-day deadline people ask me all the time. Have you tested four days?

Have you tested five days? Have you tested two days? The answer is no right. I test I like three days. I think that for me personally, it feels like it doesn't feel like too much.

It doesn't also feel too short like right. So I think five days is a little bit too long. It lends itself to procrastination. I think two days might feel a little bit like too much high pressure too fast. I also didn't want to get to the like today is your last day that quickly so three days for me personally is a sweet spot.

So we run it for three days now depending on the tool that you use I want to share with you the way that we do it this may change slightly, um with countdown hero, but so I have a three-day deadline. So all of our campaigns have a three-day deadline now to be clear the way this Works, I always want the the deadline to be 11:59 PM. So I always wanted to be 11:59 PM so I can count down the whole entire, you know day on the last day. So what that means is that um, let's say today somebody gets a an interest sequence email. And they click on the link.

You guys know, they immediately get taken over to the marketing and sales page now when they hit the marketing and sales page when they hit the marketing and sales page. That's when they're deadline begins. Okay, that's when the deadline is activated. It's not activated until they actually click a link and go over to the marketing and sales page. Well the way it's set up is that if let's say no matter what time today somebody hits that marketing and sales page.

They have the rest of the day and then three days. Does that make sense? So in other words there's is if they if they go over at noon today they have from noon to plus three days. It's always whatever time is remaining today plus three days and that's just so that we can keep it uniform so that I know tomorrow right is the first of the three days the day after is the second and then the final day so it's not just three days no matter when they it's whatever time is remaining on the day that they go over to the sales Page Plus plus three days. triggered on the first visit to the marketing and sales page So deadline begins boom now one tool option that you have.

I think it's a little bit on the expensive side. I'm not I'm not sure the Jack born of buddy of mine. I helped them with some of the marketing very early on so we've had an account from day one with these guys. I do believe it's a little bit on the expensive side. Not sure great tool this or the tool that you're you're about to see we there are so many options in this there may even be many options in countdown hero.

We use one like you could get crazy Advanced with these tools again. This is a perfect example of you could do stuff like anything that you can imagine with the deadline and countdown you can do and we do one we do one thing we choose the option of page visit start someone's tracking when they visit a page period that's it. So that's all that's all we we do once you kind of set that up you and I won't go through the setup of this because Very very simple, but it works based on when somebody goes to the page, right? That's when the countdown begins. This is one option.

And this is the other options screenshot pretty nice screenshot. Right? And so would you guys just come up you can take my presentation down and just give these guys a 10 minute walk through of countdown here. Oh, yeah, cool. I just want you guys to see the reason why I've asked these guys to do this is certainly I mean cool for them to be able to show you their their app, but I just want you to see how easy it is to set up a dynamic deadline whether it be with countdown hero or with deadline funnel.

I don't care right like but I want you to see how simple it is for you guys to to do this. Yes, we wanted to we wanted to create the ideas of countdown of deadlines funnels and make it simpler and also bring it in-house and also I'll tell you about a new feature which is not even in the app yet which have been developing even more ideas and stuff like that. So Yeah. Well, first of all, this is the expiry page. I was talking to all about this before.

We have one expiry page that we use for everything and it basically has our super signature on it, but made it a bit more graphical. So we always just use the same one expiry page that we send people to once they're deadline is expiredly can't get to it. So if you haven't already done that for an offer expires, we make sales from this page every day for the thing that's already expired because people have already got their credit card in hand. They're ready. They want to buy me something.

Where it becomes at that end, and so these guys happen to have a you know offers on their standard exploration or require page. We have a we bring people to a page that it says this offers expired. It's not like a little bit of a recall. That looks like the pages locating. and then it says redirecting to another offer and so we give them like this two to three second kind of window to realize okay that and redirects To a dedicated page a dedicated sales page for that.

It's those that expired fat. So in other words we took up we took one of our offers we duplicated the sales Pages. We only exposed people for that sales page when they visit the expired excitement so we can track how much we're making from people that are hitting the offering and being redirected. This is their version of Yeah, so so let's show you inside. It's really really simple.

You literally click. I want to create a countdown here. Oh, you're gonna create a new one. And there's basically three different types of triggers for the countdown, which is it's gonna expire in X days at a certain time. So for Todd and for us actually as well, it's three days 11:59 PM.

That's what it's gonna be. You can do in X minutes hours and minutes which is like if you've just done an opt-in or something like that and you want to be like 20 minutes from now is a really good way or you can just do a standard fixed date timer and this as well. So if you're doing like a real live launch, you can do that as well. Yeah. Whenever they're coming in.

Yeah, so we're gonna set up the days and delays. We'll do that exactly what that the campaign for this bullet campaign. We're gonna do it in three days at 11:59. So 23:59 in Big Boy speak and then choose your time zone lovely. You can then choose which field you want to put that date and time into in your keep account or whatever that whatever you integrating with so you can now merge that into the emails.

It's not just so you can say it put it in the middle of a sentence as a merge field. We've made it so that you can do date and time just to date just the time so you can have like five fields and have them all in different formats. So if you want to use it in different ways in different contexts, you can have easy as many as you want that yeah, so you can do that. Okay, so you pick the field. Yeah.

I've got one I'll just move it we would do okay cool and all that sort of good stuff. And then we're gonna tell them when that when the countdown is is active which is the page that it's gonna be on so, we're gonna put in a page so we'll put in some page This is the pick. So this is the page the countdown is on. This is where the special offer is lovely stuff. And then when the countdown expires where you want it to go to there's gonna be expiration page for us.

It's almost always the same one, which is that sort of super signature one. You can have multiple rules on this you can have multiple destinations on this which we haven't see. I don't think it's available in other apps. So basically you can have it so that On the first day, you might have the base offer. But on the second day of the three three day thing you might have a different page which has got a bonus on that you're adding in but it uses the same one countdown.

Across multiple pages and they'll all expire and all redirect at the sale in that same one time rather than having to create multiple countdowns, which you have to do another platforms. So imagine making up pages. But yeah a real one in the same. Cool, and there's an option to have it so it does not redirect as well. So if you're counting up to something like something launching for example, right?

then things the stuff about forwarding URLs and putting a test mode just a technical bits and pieces that give you some flexibility and then you can make it look as pretty or ugly as you want and because customers be customers. There's some really ugly ones in there, but they've decided to come down. It's not customers. The customers are beautiful. Funny how people become customers become more beautiful.

Yeah, absolutely amazing. So, yeah. So again, you've got a whole bunch of different layouts and stuff so you can make it really fit your style and then you can choose the colors add text. Make it look great. Make it look awful.

Make it stand out make it on brand make it purposely off brand so it sticks out. Do all that sort of stuff you can make them full width and they'll still stick with the page on the top or the bottom where you can have them just embedded in line in the page itself. Yeah. That's it. And then if you want to copy that style across to the email timer, which you can customize independently, you can click one button two buttons and it copies it across to the email version as well.

This is that's pretty that's pretty much it you copy and paste that bit of code. There was nothing a put unlike other platforms. Well not say any of the platform names on that other platforms. There's no big bunch of code. You have to stick in the header tag and do all this fancy stuff.

You copy one line if I go the one I made earlier. Which is already done. Basically, it's that line of code there does everything wherever you want the time it to be on the page that populates the timer on the page and takes care of the page expiring. Really important thing is once the timer is out. Once it's countdown.

You cannot get to the page. It doesn't use any cookies. It is locked to that person's email address. If the person's email address, they aren't if somebody share if they share that URL the page is not exist. We've created something we we're quickly calling self-destructing pages, which is basically the minute that codes on the page that page is a four or four page.

It can't be gotten to you literally can't get to it. This is what's completely new about this one. So if somebody just like notices what the URL is and things I'll go back to it in a few days time from a different computer. If you do that with the other platforms if they like flew across the world bought a new laptop and just remembered what the URL was they can get to the page and it will just start a cookie-based timer that's not possible with this. You can literally throw you can hear out the window fly around the world.

Remember what the URL is type it in on your computer on a new IP address and you can't get to the offer you have so it's real urgency and what's nice is every time you do that you're training your list that when I say it expires it expires you might have people who are training their list out of responding to urgency is insane and it beats the whole urgency thing. So that's how simple it is to do that the new feature that we're working on. Next is this is where it's going to count down and count down here to a time. We're also going to count down to a value. So think about what Lucas was talking about yesterday because we have a similar campaign week.

We teach call anticipation action where you can say, there are 50 places available. Coming register for the early board early bird registration list 50 places available. There are currently 642 people registered for the early bird list that number dynamically updates. Then you could do the opposite way around which way it's counting down. There are 50 places available.

There are currently 12 places left 11 places 10 and it's doing in real time plus Imagine you'll then doing it where it to a price hike so when it expires either it expires or if forwards them to another page where the price has gone up and you have a chain of them. So you've now got the price hiking automatically and it'll merge the value of the current remaining of into a custom field, which means that is now in the email confirmation for that. They receive as they go not very excited about it. Can you tell I'll take that off, you know you a show of hands. How many of you would would love to use it how many of you would love to use this?

All right. Keep your hands up. Do me a favor. Take a picture of that. Actually, I'm doing you a favor.

Got it. Okay, good. I didn't say you were good to use it or not. But that's if you have any Orchid inside. I'm sure these guys would be cool.

For us to to test it and play with it and enjoy it and use it. If anybody sees the value of this and you want to contribute maybe a little something positive from what you just saw in terms of a comment or on video to help these guys with their marketing, that would be awesome. But there you go. Thank you guys. Thank you.

We don't even do the custom field stuff. So we don't even bring it into our emails. We don't do any custom field stuff with our Dynamic deadlines. Because of the way that we structure the the sequences I'm just able to say in two days in one day right tomorrow is the last day today is the last day so we don't even use any of the custom field stuff. And so it's a it's a beautiful thing.

So yeah. Thank you. And so now we're gonna talk about the the offer sequence emails. Now remember just as a reminder, but also runs for three days. Remember at the start of this bad boy is it is the delay right until 8:30 am the next day.

So somebody clicks on one of these links in here. They immediately go to the marketing and sales vehicle today and then it waits until tomorrow morning at 8:30 to send the first of these emails day one and two or two emails a day. Same thing just like the original sequence 8:30 AM and 8:30 PM. The difference is here. This is all about the offer.

This is these are very straightforward. It doesn't get any more formulaic then you're you're what you're about to see. And much of the content is just repeated is recycled maybe in a different order maybe said slightly differently. But so it's very simple to create the this type of sequence that I'm going to show you and then day four is for emails over here. And excuse me day three, it's four emails.

The last day is just all about urgency. It's your typical. This is it like, you know, it disappears in two hours, whatever it may be and so urgency. I'll tell you it's really really interesting before I show you these emails one point two note is that we see a couple of really interesting things number one is we see a lot of repeat visits to the page. So you're gonna see if you if in your tracking you can see unique visits and total visits like unique visitors and total visitors, you're gonna see that there's a lot of a lot more total visits than unique visits.

That means is that people are coming back more than once and we're seeing that often with our campaigns because people wait they procrastinate and so they wait until the end which is the second thing that we that we see of course, like like you'll almost always see is the last day you always see this hockey stick, you know, like, you know, it's at the very beginning, you know, when we when we first started launching our bullet campaigns really all of our campaigns going into the last day Damian would be like, you know, we're we're a little behind like what are we gonna do? We got, you know, like rally the troops and I'm like, you know settle down young and it's coming like it's coming it's coming hang tight and then, you know by the end of the day, he's all my gosh and all the time right because people procrastinate they wait and so and that's why we see these repeat visits and then we see the the hockey stick and so here is email one now don't look at the length and right because they're not all this. Long there, they don't all have an image in them. In fact, I would say that the majority of our bullet campaigns today. No longer have a product image in them.

By the way little tip. I don't know if this is the case across all crms and email platforms, but we found I believe actually let me give credit where credit is due. I believe that this came from a consultation that Pete did Pete Rizzoli did with an email deliverability consultant. One of the things that has helped with email deliverability is we no longer upload our images to the CRM server. So we use infusion soft.

We've been using infusion soft for I don't know 15 years or something crazy now and so what we used to do is just upload our images right from within the email gig the email thing. We don't do that anymore. We upload all of our images to Amazon S3 and then we put the we link the image in the email to Amazon S3. And so for whatever reason the server that hosts the email images. whether it was flagged or I don't know what change things for us, but So there you go.

Look at this first email. I'm not gonna read through every single thing. I'm going to point out some key things here, but straightforward looks like yesterday you saw the video about the Jack Ford thing for whatever reason you didn't you didn't get the this was the name of it begin with a bang bundle. Look this covers everything you need to know today to have a compelling and irresistible opening. Here's the fact first 300 words are important.

If you're off the mark even just a little you're losing prospects your sales are going to suffer. So I want to make sure you realize everything you're getting with this offer. Here it is. This is day one email one of the of the conversion sequence of the offer sequence all about the here's what you're getting you're getting the recordings of day. You're getting this you're getting this you're getting this you're getting this all for three installments or 166 or blah blah one payment and there's a button in this one.

We don't also that this is that again. This was the first bullet campaign that we created. We no longer use but buttons in there and and Link this was the 8:30 AM day one. Look at this. This is 8:30 pm.

Still on the fence about getting this if so, you can get started without even saying yesterday. This one now is it looks similar right? It's got some similar content, you're gonna see both of these emails recycled in a variety of ways over the rest of the sequence. This one is really the about the the guarantee like I you don't even have to say yes today just say let me check it out and see how good it is because you can take the next three months to enjoy everything go through it use what you hear take a look at the swipe file blah. Then after three months then decide if you want to keep it, you're either completely blown away with everything or you get a full full credit.

This one was a credit offer a full credit for your entire purchase and you can use the credit for any other program or training blah blah. Look you don't have to go another day without having a single most important part of your marketing nail. You can finally stop losing sales with a week campaign opening instead. You can let what you're getting in this bundle. Make your marketing Stand Out get everything here.

See how it's there's no magic to this like this. Is anybody can do this anybody in here can do this because this is just all about your all about your offer. And and you're gonna see this is the third email. This is the next morning. So this is day two the am email.

This is really about in the beginning. This is about one of the bonuses. So the Agora financials world class copy training system. I'm talking about Joe schriefer part of his system is the legendary lead-based swipe file. It's the most in-depth breakdown of campaign leads and openers.

You'll find anywhere else right now though. You can get the legendary lead-based fly files part of Jack Ford's beginning with the bundle away recycled copy recycled copy recycled copy mostly recycled copy. And then just more about the right. I have a copy. I review it often.

I give a full credit to this thing for giving me some of the most effective campaign even a typo in their campaign. I've had in two decades of marketing just by tweaking his swipe files that valuable trust me you want this thing get it free here. So focus on a bonus sit right common typical approach fourth email tomorrow is the deadline. Now remember this is day two the evening email. So now tomorrow right day three is the deadline the deadline.

Um, now this is focusing on right after after you get this package, you won't you won't you won't pain point you won't pain Point you'll benefit you'll benefit you'll be getting more sales. You can see for yourself. You can take the next 90 days just to restatement of the of the guarantee and you say the 80% grab this phone you'll notice the thing that I want you to take away from this the focus on the offer the focus on the offer what it'll do for you what pain point will eliminate what it'll give you That's it. five last day same thing like and I'll give you these slides. I think we might even have a PDF of these.

PDF of these emails Kyle. Did we get you a PDF of these emails? Yeah, okay, so we can we can do that for you guys. Yep. Sure.

I mean, I wouldn't yeah. Yes. We'll get you the subject lines. I think in the PDF in the PDF Kyle. Can you see the subject lines?

Problem. If not, Rob, I'll make sure that we we get them free we include them for you. Also. Nothing. Nothing outrageous deadline is only hours away.

I think this is the second email of the last the last day now, you can see what are we doing? Right second email last date now, we're really bringing urgency front and center. Now, you're gonna see how it becomes right now. It becomes urgency front and center and the messages become shorter right like some of our last In some of the bullet campaigns the very last email is like you have one hour. You got the thing now before you miss out enjoy Todd, it's like literally This is the third email of the of the last day.

You only have three hours. This is your chance. You'll have everything you need midnight the offer closes you want it now is your opportunity. The 85% off offer for Jack Ford's beginning of the bag for expires at midnight that's in less than one hour. You're sure you want to miss out on what this will do for you get it here.

That's it. Straight forward simple. Nothing's nothing magical. I think the heavy lifting is really done by the the deadline just the right goes away. And so just leverage it very simple any quick questions about that.

No, good like it. So this is the overview this is kind of what the whole thing looks like. I think we've done a pretty darn good job of of really going through that like repeating over and over how simple it is. So I want to talk about generating ideas, right? Because again, my you know, this was important when talking this through with Damian or Damian came to me.

He said I think that it's really important to help folks understand my thinking our thinking as it relates to finding products. I don't want to say offers because of what we're really talking about are products deliverables that you can use in bullet in bullet campaigns. So and these are all in your implementation guide so you'll be able to go through these later. So number one is what parts of a bigger training can I pull out an offer on their own? So this like Lucas and Jim we've talked about this before, you know, if you have like a multi module program that you're selling for $2,000 or something like that or 3,000 or thousand whatever the price point is.

Well are there modules that you can pull out that you can sell and that can stand on their own now, it's really important. I've got to make this this point that it has to be modules that are complete in and of themselves, right? So I don't want you to like don't take like if it's three like what we wouldn't do is sell session one of this thing right? Because that's like that's terrible to do to somebody but if you've got like, you know if you've got a mod Or two modules or three modules that can stand on their own. They might not give the full picture of the entire Journey but they'll give a complete picture of the first part of the journey right?

Like then that's cool. That's an opportunity for you to do that. So you've got to look at your training your bigger trainings and you've got to ask yourself are there pieces of this that can stand on their own like for us when I look at E5 it's it's an interesting thing because we can teach people how to come up with a big idea part of e-fought part of the whole process, but for folks that are struggling to be able to come up with a big idea a good hook angle for their campaign. Well, there's a whole process for that. And as long as that's what we're promising them in the marketing for that and not promising them.

Here's how to have, you know, a home run Grand Slam home campaign, right? Well, then we can sell this same thing with the offer portion how to create a sin offer Superior irresistible no-brainer that stands on its own. Right that stands so we can pull that out how to create and find your unique mechanism to differentiate what it is that you're offering from everybody else that can stand on its own the beauty of those those things they can be sold on their own. They could be pulled out the work is done. I'm not telling you to redo anything.

I'm not telling you to redo anything. In fact, you can leverage the fact that it's part of a bigger program by saying like folks pay right pay thousands of dollars to get access to this and a handful of additional training. I'm gonna give you the opportunity to get this same training right this this piece for X number of X number of dollars. The other thing that it does for you when you pull out pieces of a bigger training is that it perfectly sets up the sale for the rest of the training right? Because then afterwards you can go back to folks and say congrats now, you have a great big idea, you know how to get attention.

You know how to stand out. How do you feel about the rest of your campaign? Do you feel it's strong enough to produce the sale? If not, then I've got something. Might help you.

Mmm, the rest of the thing if we teach them the offer right like well great. Now you have an amazing offer. How do you feel about the start of your campaign? You feel it strong enough to get enough people to your offer to produce sales. If not, I got something that you might be interested in.

And so what parts of a bigger training can you pull out and offer on there on their own? Next is what free or Public Training or content? Can you reformat to be a new product or offer? So check this out? So let me explain what I mean here.

So let's say and this is I am comfortable with this and I'm a stickler for doing I believe I'm a stickler for doing what is right and ethical and moral I do not have a problem with this. Let's take John for a second. It's got some amazing YouTube videos. He's got some amazing YouTube videos on some amazing content right like stuff that I watch it and I'm like, you know, I'm like dang this dude's good like and I ain't right like so I say to myself. Well, what we can't do is simply just take those YouTube videos and sell them that makes zero sense, right because they're on YouTube.

But what John can certainly do is take one of those YouTube videos and then have somebody create a slide deck right and animated slide Deck with slides and then overlay it extract out the audio from the YouTube video and now he's got a whole new thing. It's not the same right he could even edit some of the some of the content in there. He can even take multiple YouTube videos right and break it down into a 12-part call it 12-part Advanced NLP training and all he's doing is recycling the content from his YouTube videos in turning it into something that's formatted differently than Wanted he could do right? What does he do now? He's got right now the videos look differently, even though the content is available in 12 different videos.

Let's say on YouTube now, it's different because there are slides maybe some images on there. Right John then has it transcribed. He ain't doing any more work. It's done already, right? He has a transcribed has somebody clean it up a little bit takes the takes screenshots of the s*** the new slides and puts them in there.

And now there's an action guide that goes with it and maybe John takes an hour and puts together a and an advanced NLP cheat sheet that goes with it. Boom. Now John has something that he could sell for 49.69.97, whatever whatever he decides to the content's done. And you know what shame on us if we don't do anything more with it, right? If we just let it out there right?

Let it stay out there on YouTube and do what it's doing right now, but we can do more with it. We can do more with it I think about right if you've done um, if you've done if you've spoken at other events, you've all spoken or many of you have spoken at other events from stage. If there's a recording of you speaking at another event. You should absolutely ask the person who allowed you to to who asked you to present would you be okay if I use a copy of my recording from that to do something in my own business usually they're gonna be cool with it right like a knucklehead would say no, you know, thanks for presenting in my event, but you can't use it. I can like right most people are gonna be cool with it.

You could use it as is we've done that like we've done that multiples on as is no change whatsoever. You can also do it with um with you can change the format. You can reformat it another words, right? If if you're on stage presenting presenting, right? That's the thing cool.

Extract out the audio have somebody create some slides now make it pure slide deck know you on camera audio. Oh, it's brand new. No one's seen it before right and if it's valuable and then yep, if it's valuable then you've got you've got something brand new. And so there are so many different ways to do that with articles essays. You've written right podcast interviews that you've done.

You've done a great right? Maybe maybe there are three or four or five podcast interviews that you can you can slice up and now you can turn it into something and then maybe what you need to do is Maybe you need to have an audio bumper at the beginning where you say. Hey, this is John Benson. I gave five talks or five interviews or right, right. This is yata golden.

I gave five five interview five presentations that turn out to be worth their weight in gold. I wanted to turn them into an extended training program for you. And so over the course of this program You're Gonna Hear five separates, you know talks that I gave I'm gonna give you a little intro before each. I want you to pay attention to these core lessons blah blah. Let's go to lesson number one Boom audio from these bad boys different repurposed using content.

That's that's that's great. That's solid and reformatted to look and feel different look and feel different. This is why when you're asked to do something podcast video Whatever speak it's somebody else's conference. What you have to be thinking about is cool. There's I'm gonna give back to the community.

I'm gonna add value to somebody else's platform and whatnot. But how can I use this ongoing? How can I repurpose this? What can I do with this? I don't and let me tell you something even go a little little deeper.

If nothing else than b-roll footage snapshots images. You better be repurposing everything that you're doing everywhere if you're not shame on you for that. Interviews podcast episodes articles written prior speeches or presentations what are ready created content not being actively sold. Can I use to create a new product or offer? So like for example in here what we think about is what stuff did you use to sell that you don't sell anymore that you can use as a bonus that you can use as part of a bundle, right?

So what stuff did you use to sell? Right like John said, right. I just go he's in my line of sight. He's got massive upper packs. And so just draws my attention immediately.

If Joel was here, I'd be looking at his calves but um, what was I gonna say? Um, like books probably yeah throwing up. Um books that he's created and we do nothing with these things, right and so like, you know, like look there are some things that need to be sunseted it need to be put on the shelf and right they're done because they're maybe they're dated or they're they're you know, they're they're just not appropriate anymore. But I guarantee you have stuff that you're not doing anything with that is still valuable that could still be used in some way shape or form. I'll take something that I can sell for nine bucks, right like different conversation for a different day, but when it comes to our house file, I'm not talking about front ending it I'm not talking about media.

I'm talking about monetizing our our house file if you've got nothing to sell I'd rather sell something for nine bucks because I'd rather activate a buyer. I'd rather turn a prospect into a buyer then leave them sitting there. And so you think there is not don't you know, you think well, it's only nine bucks like, you know, Rob K or as we like to calm Bobby was like thinking, you know big money I want High. Key, and I love it. We we love High ticket.

Everybody loves High ticket, but also at the same time recognize there's something about getting a an individual to take out their wallet and trust you enough to enter their credit card in there. Right? Like right. It's a lot easier to turn a one-time buyer into a multiple buyer than it is to turn a non buyer into a buyer. And so there's a benefit to activating prospects to turning them into buyers.

I'll do that with a $9 speech presentation bundle of cheat sheets that we created internal Sops that we can sell like we look for how much stuff would be valuable if we offered it to people and we're doing nothing with it and can we bundle it and put it together speech is presentations old products recordings from our own meetings, as long as we're not saying anything like right like but from our own meetings while that was a killer brainstorming session. One of the things that we do is I do a weekly training for our our marketing team and we make it available like you guys get it free and then we sell it to the public. You know what I mean? We sell it to the public. I'm With that, you know what I mean?

Like we don't edit them at all. We like we don't say any and even if we did so be it so be it I'm not worried. Like I my team will sometimes on those calls for some of you that may have heard him. Sometimes they like call me out on things. Teddy is known for being like yeah.

What about this though Todd on these calls that were recording. So why? So what that's cool opportunity to write and those people as crazy as it sounds the lifetime value of those people is astronomical compared to any other continuity program that we've ever run right? It's like you asked Teddy. He constantly preaches to us get more people on that those marketing calls because they stay like forever.

It's not And so recordings of internal trainings planning documents what existing products programs trainings or content? Can I assemble into a new bundle offer? This was our I think Damien right our number one bundle. Excuse me. Our number one bullet over the last six months.

Correct me if I'm mistaken is a bundle offer. We took about 12 products old products that we weren't really marketing anymore that were valuable put it together into a bundle for 297. And unbelievable how well that we've rolled it out again, unbelievable how well that thing that thing does and so you got stuff you can now sell these things one off. And then you come out with a bullet where it's you put all of them together into a bundle and now you sell that for 297 197, whatever it may be. What new products programs trainings are content?

Can I easily create this another thing? Right? Like what can I easily create? I think where my mind goes and is where my mind goes like especially for those of you in here that are selling to other entrepreneurs and marketers. If I was in attendance here, I would be leveraging this out the Wazoo.

I'm telling you I would be leveraging I would go home from there and and I would say I had one conversation with you know, Kennedy and I would be intentional about this with Kennedy where I picked this brain about email deliverability dudes. Genius mad scientists him and Rob. I I put together like an action guide for myself of what to do based on that little conversation to increase my deliverability. I could use that now as a lead magnet if I wanted I could use that as a little tiny front end where right I said to James want right James didn't we do the I presented this to a room, you know? Gorgeous entrepreneurs and behind closed doors incredible Round of Applause if you want it, like right smart, I would do that all day long.

To talk about it. Last time not like a rightful. Enjoy. Yeah. Like the one day they will play around myself or whatever.

Yeah. They're all over there. It's it's all over and so yeah. No, but that's a great idea. Webinar like whatever.

Yeah. You come up here and that's great idea. It's awesome. See how like that that's got to be thinking, you know repurpose got you know got to be thinking so I got I've got four minutes a few more things to walk you through. This is just one way to prioritize those ideas.

So one of the questions that we get asked after I get asked often is like, how do you decide what to work on? This is just one like how do you decide a lot of us have so many different ideas and the reality is that you know, you could have half a dozen ideas a dozen ideas and they all could be viable. Right and we're often like well which ones the best I don't know if there's a right answer ever for that like, you know, because I think that could be different for each individual person in here. But this ice scoring is one of the kind of the the easier ways to just determine I'm sure James has James as far better at this kind of stuff then then I am maybe at some point on break or whatever you can help folks, but this is just like out of the ideas just write the ideas down now you think about Impact which one of these and look some of this is subjective. Which of these do I think could have the biggest impact on the business maybe what you use for impact is revenue.

This is Top Line. Let's say maybe it's bottom line. I don't I don't know that's for you to decide. Um, but in terms of impact, we like to look at all right revenue from a revenue perspective confidence right in in terms of all, right, is this like an outlandish idea that I'm totally unsure like how much do I believe that this thing is gonna resonate that this thing's gonna be hot that this thing would be be good like and how much confidence do I have that we can execute on this because sometimes we come out with ideas and it's like it requires us doing things that we're doing for the first time right? Well then our confidence is lower.

Like I don't know we're going into Uncharted Territory, you know what I mean? Like We've never sent the singing telegram to prospects. I have no idea how that's going to be received. And so and then ease and look I'm not I'm not bashful about the fact that like, I'm not looking, you know, I'm not I'm not looking to punish myself in business and work, you know harder than I need to I'm looking for which ones have high impact, you know high level of confidence and a high level of ease. That's what I want.

I want right high impact high confidence High ease. And so we'll score. Yes. This is subjective. You guys might you know my battle we battle about it, but you're gonna come to some kind of scoring and then you're gonna look and which ones are the highest are the highest score.

It's how it comes sometimes believe me and then you're gonna put it in order of priority. And at least you've just now, okay now we can start to make a decision about which one we want to go to we want to go with first. I would say this that don't over agonize over like don't over agonize over it. Like you'll you'll you'll you know, the analysis by paralysis like make a decision and roll with it. I always believe that the best way that we're gonna find out.

What's the best is by implementing and see right like and so the way that we do this this is the last Amy and I two more minutes and I'm done the way that we do. This is we look at we actually look at 90 days. We'll look at 90 days, but here is like an example of like looking at March. Okay, I gave you guys the rest of February to think about this to be able to that's why this is March I started right February and I'm like March March and so um, this is what we do we look at our bullets we look at our campaigns that are done and we decide all right. Let's say bullet one is gonna go here bullet, too.

Is going to go here bullet 3 is going to go here bullet 4 and then maybe we like let's say you only have you only have four let's say well then bullet one would go here again. Now, there's one additional point that I just want to make which is that what we like to do is when you get to this point don't worry about this initially, but when you get to this point is we like to very price point so we break our bullets down based on high what we call High ticket mid-tier and low and so in any given month, you're gonna see we've got we've got a high we might have high mid high low, right? And and so it varies the reason why I want to do that is number one. We want to capture people at all different price points. The other thing is I don't want anybody who's not ready for high ticket to feel like that's all these guys offer is high ticket so I can check out so we'll do oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah, I'm gonna stop right? Okay. Cool this thing yeah. All grab this today, you know and understand that even though I care about aov because I want to bring in the most there's no pressure with the aov. I don't care if the aov is 12 bucks.

I don't care it's house file. We already paid for the acquisition of that lead that that like we're that's already done. There's no expenses right in in this bullet campaign. And so we're activating buyers. I don't care if we activate low ticket mid-tier High ticket, of course, we would want everybody to buy High ticket, but we know everybody doesn't buy High ticket and look acquiring like Damian said, whatever when you if you sell to two and a half percent two and a half percent of your of your people turn into high ticket.

Well, what about the other 97 and a half percent? I'm not saying that we're gonna use that 97 and a half percent to add 10 million dollars to the business, but I'm gonna monetize that 97 and a half so that the economics are even better to acquire the higher the higher ticket people. So we marry this the last thing the last slide is just to add one other thing to that. You know like we didn't talk about it today, but we're talking about like rfm scores like just right you can't you could get into this philosophical and useless discussion about well, how much does this attribute if they do this if they buy the but at the end of the day like we know in any business when people have positive purchasing experiences and they have more of them. They're more likely to buy and continue buying Right, and so even if it's like hey, so what so what this guy spent two grand last year and he just got a book for nine bucks, but he loves it great.

He's consuming our stuff and we're not putting out junk. We're putting out great stuff and we're giving them a positive experience. So look, so yeah, it's a great. It's a great question. So we don't do a whole lot of broadcasting any we don't do a whole lot of broadcast emails.

We don't do nearly as much as we used to we'll do a minimal amount of broadcast emails. We call them the buyers on the bench. Yeah. Let's say we're firing a bullet for E5 camp this week. That's yeah.

Yeah. Okay. There you go. That's so what I'm gonna answer the I want to so we send a lot of broadcast emails it went from we do none that we do a little do we do an excessive amount of broadcast, you know, all of a sudden, you know, the more you think about it, you're like, yeah, you know what make a note we need to cut back on those broadcasts emails. So look, I you know, the question was asked I think it was Brian who asked like, you know, should I be you know promoting like should I be selling you know, like every week right and I think the I've been thinking about that since he really asked that question and I think that look I want to be clear that I think you always should be marketing and moving people down a path.

And so what I mean by that is that if one week you're like building anticipation and like, you know, creating, you know, the perception of value and whatnot to me that is marketing right? It's just that you need to be a little bit patient before you get to the offer. So to me that's one in the same what when I say like, you're the you're the list is just is just cold. It's just sitting there. I mean where you're not doing anything with them like of intention of marketing intention and so just just hold that and so marketing intention.

So I I would count like look if if I said to Damien this this part of this week is Build up the anticipation the you know, the building in scarcity or telling the backstory so that next week we can really get to the gist that counts right that counts. Most of our bullet campaigns are not like that are bigger campaigns that we do when and we'll talk next time all joking aside. We will talk next time about these cannons that are really like the real legit campaigns that we use to bring in Big Money. These are what we're using just from a cash flow perspective every week all you know, mostly automated but what Damian started to say, which I also think might answer the question a little bit is so remember I said that we're excluding buyers of that particular bullet product from the entire campaign. So then the question becomes right if you think about it for one second, right?

Well, if you have good buyers that let's say have bought a lot of your products which we're blessed and fortunate to have and I'm sure most of you do. Well you have to be very careful because one one day I realized I was like Console so this person the three bullets that we just launched that this person already bought. Which means we haven't mailed to them in like a month. Oh. And so we realized that what's really important is that only people take the buyer segment that's excluded and you could send them to a different offer.

So that's the kind of the more advanced thing. So sometimes in a given week you can have two bullet campaigns that are going on right you can have two or you can have a broadcast campaign that that's going on where you've got the main bullet campaign and the segment that was excluded from the main bullet campaign is being sent another campaign. Okay, that's one Advanced thing for you to to think about and you do want to be careful that you're you do something with those buyers because if not, you can have buyers that are on the sidelines like the way that I ended up realizing. This was when a couple of our really really good buyers like said something message something something along the lines of like, hey, it's great to hear from you again was wondering where you've been like, you know, hope all was a okay and Like oh gosh that kills me to hear that like right and so important. The other thing is also Advanced is remember so look about look at the click sequence three days what happens then if you're sending one bullet campaign a week one bullet campaign a week what that legitimately means.

Is that by Thursday if you're sending it day one on Monday day two on Tuesday day three on Wednesday what that legitimately means is that there's a whole bunch of people come Thursday that if they didn't click on any of those they're done until Monday. So it's not too bad. I don't think there's anything wrong with doing that or leaving that on a on a some what regular basis but you do have an opportunity to add in something else if you want and look even if you add in what if you do that one time a month that becomes 12 additional bullet campaigns or 12 additional offers that you fired over the course of the year that adds up. Write that adds up. So in other words this Opera this is an opportunity to take those people who didn't click on the main bullet and send them something else.

Maybe you send them just a one-off email even maybe you just said maybe maybe you send them to an application. Maybe you send them to you know, a piece of content with a soft call to action in the end. Lots of different ways the point that I want to leave you with before I turn it back over to Damien is that all of you can and should do this, you've got content to repurpose. You've got value to give you've got people on your list that want to spend more money with you. If you gave them the opportunity if you don't take advantage of it shame on you you're doing your business and you're doing your tribe A disservice.

Okay. Go ahead. Do you have a quick question? Or do you frequently do bullet camp? Aigns where yes that next sale is the goal.

Whatever it is, you're selling content, whatever is there like an upsell or like a next step or a Next Level conversion or certain? a whatever you're trying to please or um It's a great question. I'm not even sure how I would answer that. So the question I don't quite the question. You're really asking like is there any is there any more in-depth strategy behind any of these buyers?

Right Lucas said he understands that it's about it's about regular cash flow. But is there any more in-depth strategy or approach with some of these buyers the answer honestly is no I think that there was a time that we all prescribe to like. I'm gonna build my value ladder and people are gonna start on step one and then they're gonna go to the second long and then the third round and it's like just time proves out and and maybe I think is as people as marketing has become more prolific over the years. Maybe there was a time value ladders made sense. Just not the case people jump over your value ladders, they jump on it.

They jump on someone else's value out or then they jump back over to yours. And so this idea unless you just have like a very specific line. I only sell one product. I want to get people to my retreat in Hawaii and it's like man, I have a very specific path. They must take and consume to if I get there just keep great stuff in front of them.

I think one thing that I'll add to that is in and look a lot of second. The other thing I'll say is because here's the thing right is that you? What you're in your mind in your mind in our minds we go. Well clearly they need to have this skill in order to leverage this skill so that they can achieve this thing but in their mind they think something totally different and that's how they buy based on what's on their mind. They think they need step through.

They think they need step to be and you're like, well you really need what are you gonna fight them force them to buy something. They don't want Lucas. You can't do that. You know look, okay. I I think let me say the real quick and then I know I'm already over time.

Look, you know, I I think for what it's worth and Ponder this for everybody. I think that I believe that. marketing is a lot more. Is a lot more complex. There's a lot more nuances than we like to admit in this in this industry while I think that marketing itself like the the basics the foundation of a business is very straightforward, right people have problem, you know solve problem.

You got to show them blah you guys get all that. There's got to be an offer. But the reason why I say in this context that it's complex, we in this industry like to look for these systems these machines that we can take from one business and plug into another right like, you know, you know James does it this way like right and I want to take James a system and I want to plug it into my business, but the thing to understand is that there are nuances that exist that you might not be able to replicate like in other words today in all fairness, right? Well for us we might not need that linear, you know half a lot of that is because of the history. And reputation and experience that we have the positioning in the marketplace.

So that positioning in the marketplace gives us certain advantages and leeways that if a brand new individual was coming in they wouldn't have and so there are these little nuances in in marketing and in business that that matter even the idea of the Ascension model like look the reality is outside of like the coaching Consulting Arena. The Ascension model doesn't exist. Right? Like I didn't buy my realtors book before I had her get me the house. Like, you know what I mean?

I wasn't like, you know, let's gobble the key chain a little bit here lady. Like, you know what I mean? I don't go in to, you know, get my wife a car and like, you know, let me see your video course, you know what I mean? Like it don't work that way where in the real world of count like it doesn't happen that way and so those are the things that I mean when I say like, yeah coaching Consulting Understand because let me get a feel for you. Let me let me feel you out a little bit.

Let me experience your knowledge, but in other Arenas it doesn't exist. So you do have to be very careful that you don't just take this carry it over and bring it in here because those there are these like Mark 4 used to say there are these intangibles these things that you can't that you on the outside that you can't you can't see and that you you can't replicate sometimes and sometimes those intangibles play a bigger role than we in this industry care to admit. another question, which is is any version that you're for example sell the 97 dollar thing. Thanks so much. Yes.

The answer the answer to that question is yes, there are some offers where we're like this offer would be perfect to immediately follow up with let's plug them into E5 acquisition accelerator. And then there are some that aren't like the bundle offer where we've got 12 products and it's 297. Not really that's like a catch-all but things where there are like they're working on their your you know, you're winning offer perfect to so you've got to be right a $19 product not so much right. So the answer is yes sometimes cool. Yep.

All right. So what we're gonna do I almost don't want to have a bio break but I feel like I'm supposed to and I should so I'm gonna give you a serious we do six. We all commit pledge six minutes. If you have to boys can share the bathroom together do what you got to do Yankee Stadium style six minutes. Five minutes is fine Lizzy stole a minute from here.

So five minutes grab a coffee grab a bathroom and then we're gonna keep going. Good job, buddy. Thank you. it You know this. immediately Oh, yeah.

There he goes this one. So this one here has more juice concerned the other way. so Okay, we can use mine. Yeah. Thanks.

That's what you wanted for us the picture. Yeah. Yeah. All right, everybody make the way back to their seats. Thank you.

Don't put up yet. All right, so Everybody can make their way back to their seats again. Where We have our we still have a lot of stuff including some really really cool surprises and neat things. I'm going to share with you in just a little bit. What's really important?

We always talk about this the top one, right? Yes. We're here for relationships. We're here for cactus, but it's always we always want to make sure it's implementation driven that you're taking massive massive action. And so with that Lizzie really important that we don't just learn things.

We Implement them and put them forward. and so well We're seeing a second. There we go. I got a fever and the only prescription is more James Friel. So taking what we learn and doing something with it is important as the top ones about so welcome back James for a strategy share.

And then after that we're gonna go into a kind of some some final ceremony stuff that we'll do together. So James, Enjoy, buddy. Thank you. So real quick before you get started, I just had when you said about the singing telegram. I've made a singing telegram joke for decades.

I was like, oh it's not like, you know, we're gonna send him a scene telegram or whatever and four or five years ago our good friends. Brandon Kaelyn. Who ran ladyboss they reached like the top of the ink 500 list, like number one for Consumer products. They were having a party at their house and we couldn't be there. And I was like God I like what are we gonna do?

We're gonna send him a bottle of wine. Like we're gonna do this on it's like, you know what we're gonna send him a singing telegram. And she's like where we gonna find a single I was no, I have no idea. I've always just fantasized about doing this. I don't even know of anyone does it if it's just a joke.

So by the time the plane landed where we're going I found this place and they lived in Albuquerque at the time. You can imagine how many singing telegram outfits there are in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Anyway, I found these people who were like, yeah. Well, we're willing to go over there, but we only have like one guy we don't have our normal quartet and I was like one guys more than enough. We're gonna send this guy in I was like, alright, let's do this.

And then I realize we'll what have we gonna have him sing. You're like well we could sing like, you know, cool in the gang We Could Sing We Will Rock You I was like, oh that's super boring. So I spent two hours rewriting the lyrics to Billy Joel's we didn't start the fire with like all inside jokes from everything. Really funny to us would be really funny to them. But the best part is and they were like do you want to do you want a video record this I was like I have to you're like well, it's gonna be really expensive to do that was like well like what are we talking?

She's like We're gonna charge you $75 warrant a video recording. I was like, well, I think I can manage and so now this guy goes over there and he's got a videographer and there's a sign on the door. That just says come on in but they had specifically said we don't want press we just want friends and family and all this so they have 40 people in their house and this guy walks in with a videographer behind him and he's like I have something to do and we had an inside joke about this guy. We met in Vail a long time ago and dick hauserman. So they're like who sent you and I told him specifically telling dick hauserman sent you.

So he gets on it. So so they FaceTime me and he's like James what have you done? And I was like, well, you tell me he's like, I don't know our entire party came to a grinding Halt and this guy's like standing there in the front. He sings it acapella in front of 40 people on video and nobody's laughing except them and they're uncontrollably laughing like the contrast was amazing. So long story short, if you ever get a chance to do saying telegram, it's absolutely worth it.

Up, the big takeaway is have fun with what you're doing. And the next thing telegram is actually gonna be about Joel's cabs. These are not Joel's cabs. They they actually wouldn't fit on the slide. Super couch.

That's right. Yeah, supercabs.com Rob already owns it. So so I want so I want to talk about something that that we've been really focused on a lot which is how do we create? How do we create speed because I think that There's been a lot of a lot of thoughts that I've had for a long time, but they're kind of culminating into a few key things and I want to share three key principles that I I hold kind of in my mind for business strategy. And and so the first one is that if you begin with the end in mind, you know, Todd's always talking about your list is an asset and that's true.

Right your customers your list your products all those they're they're what I would say are like, they're like micro assets that make up a bigger asset which is and should be your business. Right? You've got to consider that your business is an asset. We're in the asset building. We're in the business of building these assets and the value of those assets is simple like when you go to buy a company or when you invest in a stock or something what people are investing in Is the future earnings of that company investors pay a premium for predictability and sustainability.

And so then you say okay cool. If that's true then how do I create something predictable? How do I create something? That's sustainable? And to take a page out of Warren Buffett's book.

His whole investing Philosophy for 50 to 60 years at Berkshire Hathaway has been we invest in companies. I have a durable competitive advantage in what we will call a moat right this stuff that John is doing with Benson right now, like that's creating a moat for him. That would be very hard for other people to compete against right? And so you might not have six years of building an AI platform, but I I contend that you can create your own moat and one of the best ways to do that. Is to make sure that you're investing resources into what's not going to change.

Okay, so there are lots of things that everybody wants to say. Well what's happening next and this this really can't became clear to me. When I I read an interview from Jeff Bezos that he did a while ago and he said everyone always comes up to me and says Jeff like what's the next best? What's the next big thing? Like, where where should we invest our money?

Like, what should we be doing? And he said, you know the truth is Nobody has any idea what the next big thing is like nobody and if I were to tell you this is what it is. I'm just taking a guess like the next guy. He said what the only thing that we've done at Amazon is we've focused on what's not going to change. He's like because what's not going to change becomes a stable Foundation upon which you can build build a legitimate business strategy.

What's not going to change people want their stuff faster cheaper and a bigger selection. He's like at no point in the future. Is anyone gonna come up to me and say hey. Hey Jeff. Can we pay more for this?

Right? Hey, is it? Okay. Can you make this take longer to get to my house? Like nobody's ever gonna say that so so that idea of like creating predictability and building and building a moat around your business around something.

That's not going to change became a really a really intriguing idea to me. And so what I saw that we could create was speed as a competitive Advantage right because people want things faster, like that's the whole reason that you know AI is taking off the way that it is because people like wow, you know used to take me weeks to write a vsl. Now I can get a 6000 word vsl. By the time I can go to the kitchen get a sandwich right speed people want that. That's something that's not gonna change.

That's why it's worth investing in worth paying attention to and so I want to show you guys a video that was also inspiring to me and you're gonna have to you're gonna have to bear with. The first minute of this video because it's painful, but that's kind of the point. No more himself changes the tire. only four crew members feel like this guy could have done that radio voice. Polished in the windshield like come on.

This guy's like doing this thing. You're gonna get this car out of the pit. I told you it's painful. right For them it was for them. It was fast.

67 seconds. All right, you know fine like how fast can you change a tire? Probably a lot longer than 67 seconds. Okay. Like if that's if that's not a competitive Advantage, I don't know.

What is Right, and and I think that we accept the way that things are. As the way that they are instead of saying how can we go from the 1950 Formula One to the 2013 or even more and a story that I heard a long time ago is about Michael Dell and and this starts by asking better questions. Like how could we do this faster? How could we make this possible in at some point when Dell was growing? During the first wave of its growth.

They had their inventory days were 40 days which means from the time they purchased inventory till the time a customer paid for it. It was 40 days and inventory eats cash. Right? And so Michael Dell said to his executive team. I want you to take our inventory days down from 40 days down to 20 days and they were in an upward.

They're like, that's not possible. We can't do it. Like there's no way he's like look if you guys can't do it. I'm gonna find the people who can't so go figure it out. Right?

So one or two quarters later, they come back 20 days and he's like great now take it down to 10 now. It's an even bigger upward. You're absolute maniac, right? They wound up getting the inventory days from 40 days to four hours over the course of several years. Okay, 40 days to four hours which made their cash on their balance sheet absolutely like Unthinkable and it created a much better customer experience.

And so thinking about all of these things the foundation the case study that I want to share with you guys about what we've been doing to create speed. Right? So the first thing that I mentioned earlier when we're talking about the memes is we really need to understand our customers' job that they need to do I got this from I took a online class from Harvard Business School with a professor called Clayton Christian who wrote in innovators dilemma, super super smart guy and he talks about what we're looking for and a strategy perspective is we're not looking for like competitors. We're looking for things that are an equal substitute. Right just because like we offer, you know house cleaning services doesn't mean our competition are other house cleaners.

Our competition is Swiffer. Our competition is like the person who is too much time on their hands are competition could be a high school student who's looking to make a few extra bucks, right? It's about the job that needs to be done. Not necessarily the way in which that job is getting done. And so as I mentioned earlier the things that we found that were substitutes or Alternatives might be a better word for what we're doing or the courses agency retainers and coaching programs.

And so I'm gonna quote myself here if I can be as arrogant to do that. I posted once in the last year on Instagram and this was the post they're only two things in business things that create customer value and waste And that's it. So if we're trying to go faster the things that we want to keep are things that create customer value and then we have to find a way to eliminate waste. And so we ask ourselves. Well, what is the ideal customer outcome?

Like if they could wave a magic wand go in the Harry Potter room grab one of those ones and wave it around. What would they do? And in our case my belief is that somebody would pick up the phone and they'd say hey, we need a winning funnel and we'd say great they'd hang up and then the funnel would exist. Right? Like that's what people would want if we could create that people would pay for that because we know nothing changes about people wanting their result faster, right?

It's the same thing that people talk about why liposuction is easier to sell then hardcore dieting for six months, right because people want to easy And so we have this approach called value-driven process mapping and I'll show you a little bit about the system design on how we do this. So the the first thing is that you've got to get clear on the process like okay we start with so thinking through like somebody wants a funnel. What do we need to know first? Well, we need to know about their business. We need to know about their customers.

We need to know about this thing that thing. Okay, great. And then what can we do? Well, once we know all that stuff we can probably start writing some copy. And once we have some copy, then we can create a design and once we have a design and we can build it right and so there's all these steps and understanding what those steps are gives us Clarity because process is simply about what are the stages of the process and what are the inputs from one stage that are required to do the thing and then output from one stage is the input to the next stage.

So like puzzle pieces. And so the way that we do this is very Visual and it's easier to understand when you do it visually than if you just like sit down and write on a Google Document. Okay, step one step two step three step four because what you're not seeing when you do that is the waste and the waste is here. The waste is the lag between these different steps that occurs. The waste is that in the Formula One.

They had like two guys doing something and a guy running around doing whatever you saw in the second one. There was no waste right. There was one guy to do one thing. They all got it done immediately in the car was out the door. Like that's the instant version of creating a process that moves fast.

And so what you want to do is you want to be able to say okay and this is just the beginning part. This is we haven't even started delivering yet, right. This is like we found all this waste in the sales and the onboarding process right sell the client and obtain deposit for payment. Great. Now we're gonna tell somebody and then a day later.

Let's just say it was an hour later. Now, they're gonna contact the person to arrange a sessions and maybe they're going back and forth on email and they can't connect or whatever now we get the client feedback and we schedule the session we could be six days in to this entire thing before we've even delivered any value. Right, the customer wants I picked up the phone hit the button and now I have a funnel and we're taking forever to even do these basic things, right? You can imagine the actual complex stuff how much more waste there was in those things right three days between we send an agreement it gets signed. So we've got one day five days three days two days one day here.

Like we've got eight days plus here before we've even started the engagement and it's no wonder that most agencies most people that are doing this sort of thing takes forever and you're like, come on like we just want to get going right like everybody wants to just get the job done. And so so you look at this and you say okay. These are our opportunities. The lag the friction in the waste our opportunities to compress things and do better. So what we're looking to do is we're looking to eliminate friction and lag.

Okay. So what we did was we said are a great if we stack some of these things together, how can we move faster? Right? So there's this maybe a little bit hard for you guys read. So run the sales call.

Okay, cool, 30 minutes, maybe an hour then instead of okay. Now I'm gonna get you in touch with our assistant our customer service person. Whatever. While we're on the zoom I'm gonna just pull her in and she's gonna tidy up a few details with you. So we get the ball rolling, right?

So we were able to go from that eight or nine days sort of like introductory sales onboarding process. To potentially as little as six hours, right and there's probably still room for improvement here. But this is one of the easiest low-hanging fruit things. And so now somebody is signing up and they're seeing immediate action being taken. They're like, oh wow, this is going to happen fast because that's exactly the kind of customer experience.

We want to give people the thing the thing that I want to encourage you to do as you're looking at your own, Processes because let's be honest. Nobody wakes up in the morning and says I really want to do some process design today. Okay, none of us. Anyway, there are people out there who do and you can hire them. But but what I want you guys to think about is well.

How can I just get this to good right and then we go to better and then we go to best because just like we optimize funnels. We optimize marketing messages. We should be optimizing the core processes and systems in our business that give us that competitive advantage and then once that starts rolling it becomes very difficult to touch like I have a very high degree of confidence this day that we're like, we're still somewhere between good and better. I don't even know that we're at best yet because I think in six months from now when our team is using Benson, we can probably crank out the funnels even faster, right? And so I'm like, okay cool.

How do we start doing that? But right now where we stand I would legitimately put us up against any other agency out there and say we're gonna get this out the door way faster and it's gonna be way better and I'm willing to like guarantee it. And so the results of this one marketing becomes simpler, right? There's the old quote that the goal of marketing is to make sales Superfluous. Well, what if the goal of process design is to make marketing Superfluous right where you're not worried about how I'm going to talk about this thing anymore?

Amazon Prime like you get your s*** fast, right? Like what else do you want to say about 200 million people subscribe to this membership and continuity program and then we struggle. Well, how are we going to create a membership and continuity program build something awesome that people don't want to not use like that's the best way to do anything and this really became highlighted for us. We were we had the offer we're like, okay we can do this funnel and day we want to start our ad campaign. We want to build a funnel.

And we had a whole sort of strategy put together around it. We're like, okay, we're gonna have a quiz and we're gonna take people to this and we get on a call with Todd and Todd just kind of looks at us and he's so scratches his head. He's like Nobody else is making this promise. Like nobody else is making the promise that you can have an end-to-end funnel in a day. Like why are you guys messing around with all this marketing?

Like just tell people what it is and do it and I was like, oh my God, like I've been in the marketing world for so long. I'm like, we got to have a big idea. We got a unique mechanism. We know it's just it's mind-blowingly fast to get the result that you want and it's easy to explain and so the way the funnel looks is very very simple discover how Scott launched a new funnel from scratch in one day in bang 47,000 in his first week without buying a course paying for coaching or forking over big money for an agency case study video want your own profitable funnel create and launch from one day any information get all details on the next page boom great opt-ins and we had the meme ads going to this page, right? So it's funny interesting different.

This is different. Here on this page. It's true. You can have your own profitable funnel-producing daily sales for you in one day not in the next quarter not signed not some time next year not in a month or two tomorrow. Look you already know.

We're selling to people who are already aware right? You already know you need it properly engineered sales funnel. If you want consistent sales every day if you haven't already realized that then this letter is not for you. Like go away. I'm not here to talk to you.

I'm here to talk to you if you already know you need this, but you're tired of dealing with all the b******* that normally accompanies creating getting funnel out the door. In fact, if you're not sure what a sales funnel is or why you need one. Let me save you some time reading what comes next you should exit this page and go do a little homework. Okay. Goodbye.

I don't want to talk to you. This message is for you. If you already know that your business needs do customers but you're not sure how to make that happen quickly. You have a really great product or service but not enough people know about it. You feel like you're spinning your wheels with your marketing and don't know what to do.

Next. You're frustrated seeing your competitors getting more customers than you you want to finally see an Roi on your marketing dollars and on and on. Okay, so that's the the promise and and we have a guarantee here like it's an application. But our guarantee is we will literally go through the entire day with you. Like this is a I have cost involved in this like all of it.

We'll go through the entire day. And if at the end of the day, you're not like holy s***. This is the best thing ever. I'll give your money back. Right there crazy crazy guarantee calm down Siri.

So here's the results. We launch this in Q4 late Q3 early Q4. We sold seven of these collected almost three hundred thousand dollars in cash one client book the second session the same day before it was over. He's like, can we please get on your calendar for the second one? I was like Okay, right two clients refer to other people two Partnerships are currently an exploration and we've got massive clients successes people launched like day one made a hundred thousand dollars, like really really great wins all around.

We're terrible at taking pictures. So we we found three pictures, right? This is the one you can't really see it. This guy is the guy who referred and he's like, hey, we're seeing you praises. And I said, what's up?

He's like, when do we get to come do a funnel in a day with you make it happen? No sales required. No sales. No marketing. No sales just like result.

This is what you get and really it comes from understanding that speed or whatever thing that doesn't change that your customer really wants can be your competitive Advantage, but you got to lean into it hard so run. place Any questions for James? Preliminary stuff before they come for that phone day is there there's one there's an onboarding call that's about an hour long. And that's what we've done up until this point. We think we can optimize that a little bit but it's been an onboarding call kind of setting expectations.

Here's what's gonna happen. Here's like we're getting their branding assets like what you know, what have you guys been doing already like kind of getting the wheels turning for us and our team and that call is done seven days before they're funnel day. So that's what we're doing. So we have the funnel that or the onboarding day one hour call The Funnel day. Then we have a handoff call.

We're okay. We have the day right now. We're pretty much getting through like the entire copy and a template of what the sales page design will look like And then within the next day or two, we actually we have a follow-up meeting. Here's everything that you need. Here's your copy your sales page your emails like everything ready to go.

And then we have another call with them 14 days after they launch to review their numbers and see how it's going. right Yeah, what else? so the sales page cop is mostly done. Yeah, just we found that and so this is where we're at. Nobody cares.

By the way, we were like we're really stressed about it. We're like, oh my God, like the campaign is not live and everyone's like we we compress like two months in this one day like you guys want an extra day like that's totally okay with us. So but we found that a lot of people need more strategy. Around well, like what offer like, how are we going to construct the offer all that? So we're so I'm like look and I told them up front if we have to spend more time on strategy.

I want to do that because I'm not here to just get you through the day. I'm here to get you something that produces a result. Like that's my reputation. And so if we have to spend a little more time on the strategy, but we wind up delivering you the pages tomorrow. Is that okay with you?

And everyone's like it's okay. You wanted to take a little bit of extra time. So we really make sure that you've got tragic nail. One and if the question is like like follow email campaigns and partly all of those types of things that we're really abort with them really looked at the the job like receive Domino. for this for like once we get your sign up to them with like 30 days.

Maybe but most people aren't even ready to launch it. And so yeah, that's yeah, like we're we're waiting we're waiting on people right? We're waiting on people. We're like, here's everything ready to go like you guys launching tomorrow and they're like Like I didn't even know this was gonna happen like they're like sort of like their heads are spinning. So we've found that there we're getting them everything and then they're saying okay, we're gonna launch in three weeks like, okay.

Well, that's fine. Like you got it like go ahead do what you need to do, but we sprinted through the thing and that's so that's been kind of interesting. the other comments or thoughts questions So we have a couple things we're going to do. So, first of all, Teddy, you could pop on some some music be ready to pop up music in just a second. So Glenn is gonna pass out some cards and this is your chance.

Okay, so we're we're taking an old tradition which was vote for the million dollar power hour. And then we did the saviest market of the day and then Todd argued. It's not a day it's three days and I said you make the longest titles. We can't hold the savvy's marketer of three days. It's terrible.

And so now it's become the the mvt the most valuable top one or we want to recognize every experience a member who's contributed that's broad value to each of you so that we continue we challenge ourselves to raise the bar and we want to reward and celebrate. So the winner will be invited to have a private room in our summer top on mansion. And so you're gonna write down two people. Okay. So let me let me explain some rules don't vote for yourself.

Don't vote for anybody on our team. And everybody's an individual so like Jim and Lucas are two separate human beings, right? So it's not like you vote for a team of people. Okay, it's James and now James and yata are two separate human beings and so And Robin Kennedy are two separate people. Okay, so you're gonna write down two different individuals at top one could be anything could have been a presentation could have been a hot seat response could have been time they spent with you outside helping you in your business guiding you and you're gonna write down two names of people getting 60 seconds that he's gonna put on a little music and I'm gonna tell you what's gonna happen next you.

close All right, when you're done just hold them up for Glenda. She'll start collecting them. And she'll be doing the tallys. And so as promised I have some really really cool exciting announcements for all of you. So first of all, who's excited for our summer top one?

Yeah. Okay, June 14th. Same format women say there's a Friday we're gonna be able to enjoy a different match next top one which is pretty sweet because it's gonna be Summoner Orlando and we're gonna have our own mini Lazy River. So I don't know if they do this in Italy Andre but you put yourself in a tube innovating suit and the water just gently pushes you around the circle. as long as you want as long as you want and you just right exactly and washed away all your troubles.

So we're really really excited about that. And then in the fall top one which very excited because yata is going to be cooking our thanks. We're gonna do a Thanksgiving dinner inspired by yada who said I want to cook my de-bone turkey for the top one family. She's like, let's do top one Thanksgiving. So in the fall, we're gonna do that.

Well, we'll be out is gonna join the top one cooking team and we're gonna we're gonna cook up some Thanksgiving and in the fall, we're also gonna be doing something special and so for a number of years now Todd has been wanting to do this as you know, you know Todd's passion what he's divided devoted his his life study to is marketing and copyrighting and so for the longest time, he's wanted to do something extraordinary with the best of the best copy rights, you know, Todd's not only invested in his education but in his relationships and it's connected with you know, the best and brightest copywriters working today who have ever work. And so Todd said I want to get those copy writers together and I want to really do something special where we're able to have the highest level copywriters working today in one place one location sharing what they do what's changed over the years how they're evolving this copywriters just the most advanced stuff. And the outcome is about what you're going to see and you'll also might recognize a couple names on here from our top one group that we're inviting to participate in this very special Roundtable. And I'm also going to tell you how it all affects you so if you can play this video for us. Can you Max it or no?

Oh it is. Okay. You're good. So if you notice that's the day before our fall top one and so all of you if you're not necessarily going to be a part of that copy Legends lock and we're gonna let all of you have private access. We're not selling access.

We're not letting anybody else in but you want to come in a day early. You'll be able to sit here sit around enjoy and connect with all the best copywriters. And so what you saw is a hand select guest list at Todd's put together. We're preparing very special. FedEx private invitations that are going out to all these individuals already spoken to a handful that are super excited to attend and so hopefully there's many of them as possible.

We're gonna be able to be there and we really think it's going to be something extraordinary and exceptional and we're excited for all of you at top one to be a parent part of it as well. So exciting Okay. So that'll be in the fall. And so do we have our our vote count almost ready or is or the ballotiers working? Okay.

So one other thing we need to do are we ready for the other thing I want to do. However, come here Teddy. You're all the way back there. I came in here. You ready for the other thing I want to do.

What? Glenda knows what I want to do. Yeah. okay you all right, and any are as As or as we're wrapping any any other questions comments on what's coming up. Lucas Building sure Um, so for us what we started doing because we were kind of always torn between get buyers get leads get buyers get leads is we're doing our lead magnet to a soft offer.

And what that's allowing us to do is allow us to drop our lead costs. So it's a lead magnet. Our leads may be comment anywhere between depending of Facebook's happy that week six to 10 bucks. But then we're we're getting back about 50% of the money immediately between our soft offer. So it came up and now failure.

Yeah, pay attention. No pay attende. Right boom. You won't be charged in less than 10 days. You absolutely love this that I make sense.

Ah anywhere 38 bucks. And then upsells after and stuff like that. And so that's been neat because yeah. That what it means to get the credit card and then use up. Sells Premier or maybe where we did right, right.

So instant upsells even on the software, correct? Yeah, and when it's when it's 10 days 10 days in our process rate is range anywhere from about 70 to 85 percent. Yeah, and so I it's our own ctOS birthday tomorrow. And that's why you're up here. So I thought we should all just sing a nice happy birthday on three two one.

Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear, Teddy. Happy birthday to you. All right, so We brought in a very special send-off launch, please call Four Rivers Barbecue.

A lot of you've heard of it. They do great barbecue. We have brisket. We have smoked salmon. We have vegetarian burnt ends.

I didn't know you could make them. But apparently they make them very well their desserts are outrageous sides and all that stuff. It looks like it dried off so the seats or it's not raining. So it's probably some seats outside and stuff like that. And and that's about it.

Like I said, we have our winner. Thank you. Wow. It came down to one vote. It was a one vote.

It was it was a bunch of people out there very close close High second third and then first place was oh one vote difference. And so just so you know Todd actually had a great idea because we know how competitive people are. So what we're gonna do actually going forward at the summer top one is we're gonna vote at the end of every day and announce the board leader. So the end of every day we could see who's on who's ahead on the board push you and so on. I'm very excited to announce by the people you voted your mvt of this experience and private guests into our summer top one mansion.

Mr. James Friel at and you're welcome to bring your wife. And so so congratulations and like I said, you know, we also if any of you are like cool, I want to be there, you know part of family. I I mean this I could always weird. I'm like, hey do you ever for like it's not about her photos?

It's about the fact that like we want great people like, you know how to do marketing I could call my Facebook guys. Hey throw a bunch of ads up stuff like that. But we want amazing people people that you love and you're like man. These are quality human beings that are Savvy Savvy marketers and entrepreneurs and so if you have somebody, like I said, you always want to sponsor and group. Let me know.

I'll get in a text with them. I'll send an app on vacation and if they're the right fit and accepted we love to also invite you to be a private guest and the top one Mansion this summer as well. Okay? was That so number two was Mr. Joel or away.

If super calves showed up for day three, who knows what could have happened. Which by the way I so I heard there's a mock sales page under being under construction for for. I what I what I really like. What I would love to see if we could do is if we could have bents in write the copy and actually sell a product and use it as a test tomorrow and be like we made a joke about this guy and it turns out we started selling stuff. But we're gonna say Paul.

but I'm totally found you Daniel straight face to watch Total be like I've heard something. What's wrong enough to bring a plane down for those of you that didn't hear Joel was on a crazy near Miss plane crash. He was interviewed on the news. And so they were talking he was like Hey guys, like the flight attended the plane nose dive the floating tenant flew up hit the ceiling and ended up injured all this stuff and we were like Joel did you take off your shoes and grip her to the ground with your claw feet? And use your cat because he said he pushed his cat his legs against the like bulkhead to brace himself.

And so I think that's Oh, yeah. Go ahead. right Clearly you could say we're we're entrepreneurs who need creative Outlets. All right, and I want to give just a thank you. As you know, we're team.

We're here to serve you but every team has a quarterback that makes it all happen. So Glenda, thank you so much. And so that's it. So we're gonna hang around and know some people have a cars coming in airports. We do have to leave it one, but we're still here to have lunch and join spend time together.

So you guys did and gals did an amazing job. I know I have hurt so many of you say, this is so special and it's it's been just a special for us as well. And so love it. Love all of you guys and gals and yeah great job. Hey great job.

Appreciate you.
