---
title: "Top One 2022 - Day 2 2022-10-06 13:19:42"
date: 2022-10-06
duration: 3h 17m
duration_seconds: 11875
vimeo_id: 757665837
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Top One 2022 - Day 2 2022-10-06 13:19:42

**Date:** 2022-10-06 | **Duration:** 3h 17m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What he said? Very yeah, it's like the first earlier I had the pre IPO perspectives and then I had to take a look at this thing in my hand. See this little device. I'm holding in my hand. That was a really the first one was all about this document that could make you rich the other one was about the tech that we talked about inside the document.

So we don't even bring up the document. We just bring up the tech itself so that if you're into Tech or like we have like something more intriguing that resonates with that that idea there's a breakthrough Tech that can make you rich. The first one is about this company. That's about to go public that can make you rich second one's about this Tech that can make you rich both go after like page three into the exact same copy and then same offer and everything else. Okay, next trigger BS.

Okay, so that was pattern interrupt very simple straightforward. I think you know just work with take a look at this don't neglect the reader tie to something they care about immediately. Okay. I usually give my writers four lines five lines if they're skilled and know how to Blind it and create Intrigue but if they haven't hit me with what's in it for me in four lines, I'm I'm basically just scrapping it trigger BS say something that forces the reader to engage with great scrutiny desired effect is who does this guy think he is if it doesn't have that effect, you're playing it too safe. You really want them to be that's why I use the words.

Like, you know, someone says make a promise. I don't say that I don't care about don't want to make a promise. I want to elicit a response. That's what the promise is function actually is I want to make them say Bull crap. I don't believe that I want I want to push it to the cusp of their reality because that's what the big promise is supposed to do.

It's not just like say and the reason that this needs to be said is because otherwise your strategy is very tactical like okay bigger number faster result like this that and it's like You got to get this. What who is this person to say something so audacious. That's what you want to trigger trigger BS response. So we'll go back to some of the stuff where I looked at. Coming down here.

This will make you rich before it goes public fastest growing private startup has been off limits to regular investors. I've been following the company for years Gathering data. I've watched my friends make billions. Now finally, I have developed a strategy that will allow the little guy to turn the average retirement account to 588k or more in the next 12 months alone. So that's when you're like very typical like here's a dollar in a time frame sort of quote big promise, but it's designed so that you know, we've talked about the Silicon Valley people.

We've got this pre IPO companies companies and public now, we've got a strategy that can make anybody half a million bucks or more. This should make you say, How how it's private billionaires are investing in how can the little guy? b*******, right? No, I don't believe you next slide. Yeah, so the Trump bonus checks example, there's a special loophole and a tax code to any American can take advantage of some checks as much as 4,68,000 and continue to collect checks month after month like clockwork.

I call them Trump bonus checks. They're making thousands of everyday Americans disaster proof income. So there's your your moment where it's like There's a tax hole. There's a tax hold there's a loophole and the tax code that can give me thousands of dollars again. I want to push that skepticism boundary.

And I'll show you what to do next just like I'm just showing you how we push the buttons. This is the crypto one this from 2018 a tiny little-known crypto is trading for 70 cents about a shock the world and make a lot of people Rich starting this coming Monday. I'll explain that date in a moment. But to put this in perspective is this company goes to as high as Bitcoins Peak, you're looking at a three million percent profit enough to turn a hundred dollars in a 2.7 million. That's how much money is at stake.

So it's not enough to say During this time in the world and the climate of the cryptocurrency like rage can't say like this crypto is going to the Moon. I wanted to say like if this crypto is as good as Bitcoin, you can go from a hundred bucks at 2.7 million dollars like that. All right, you want to push that you don't want to just make a big promise you want to make them go? No way. All right.

So the next thing you have to do. Like that that trigger BS moment is a moment in time. You can expand on it like the crypto one kind of goes a little bit longer but you want that scrutiny. And the reason you want to scrutiny is because like the it's the same reason why you say take a look at this. I want them leaning in because as long as they're leaning in, you know, people call it tension or Intrigue.

I literally want them. physically like Almost like to the point of just a skepticism turns to scrutiny right like turn. It's almost like there's a bit of heat behind it almost like anger. All right. I want to get them to that point, but I haven't done anything offensive, you know, so scrutiny's great because now you have to focus attention.

The reader is thinking who does this guy think he is they're intensely watching and this is what you want. They're intensely watching and waiting for you to prove it because you're saying crazy stuff. They want you to prove that you are who you say you are and you can deliver what you said you can deliver and this is why you need to not only make a promise. But what I was saying earlier trigger their BS response. And now it's time to keep that Intrigue the lean in that we got we want to erase the outrage.

We want to remove that. We do that by borrowing external cred. So two things here again, I'm gonna give you like the simplest way to approach these things. I have like 10 minutes to tell this whole thing and I don't want to give you like every technique the easiest one for anyone because some people have credit some people just starting out borrow cred just take it from somebody else and that just means juxtaposing a credible Source beside your trigger BS thing just have them standing beside each other in the room and then automatically makes it like, oh maybe there's something to this all of a sudden outrage goes down Intrigue stays the same. Okay, so it's like a balance you're pushing both at these first lines and it's like or reduce the bad one and keep the good one here.

All right. So honest signals versus dishonest signals. This is what external cred brings to the table if you're bragging about yourself, so there's as human beings. We're wired to pick up honest signals and dishonest signals if you Into a room and say I'm top G I'm all this I'm bad, you know like that. Like people are gonna say, okay this guy's full of himself.

He's full of it. But if I walk in the room. These dudes say oh my God. Kyle's coming up. He's top geez bad.

You should listen this dude. That's honest signal because they have no agenda here, you know, so when an external creditable Source lends, it's credibility. It's more of an honest signal then you pumping up, you know your own sauce. All right. That's the power there.

So Craig. This is that crypto one. Okay, that's enough. So here we are turn $100 into 2.7 million. That's how much money is at stake as you're about to see the 70 cent coin is so revolutionary that is set to make Bitcoin obsolete again, just Stirring that up.

It's why some Publications are already calling this crypto. The biggest winner of 2018 and Fortune says we could see 87 billion flowing into this tiny crypto next year. That's huge. So we've got something a little bit vague here with some Publications are already calling this but then we there's the name Fortune, right? That's a pretty reliable thing like oh Fortune knows about this.

Maybe there's something to it. I'll listen for just a moment longer. Um, this is from Trump bonus checks. So we talk about people are making all this money. How do I bring credibility to this thing?

And so I have this little line. I just wanted to pick a credible figure and it says President Bush tried to implement a similar plan to release this new wave of checks in 2004, but it didn't turn out the way he planned. It was so close since then I waited 14 years read everything I could get my hands on and finally buried in that 500 page legal document president Trump signed. I found it an opportunity for disaster proof income for all Americans. So this is very much targeting your your right-wing red blooded Republican.

So these are two credible sources and what's really happening. Here are the tax laws that President Trump did I don't know back in late 2018 or so and so Bush try to do it Trump got him through that's what this is sort of referring to here. And I just jump in for one second add something to just as an aside point for you guys to be aware of that are that are E5 Avid E5 users? So what is the the Trump loophole? What would we label that as?

you unique mechanism That's absolutely right. It's Unique Magnus when we what is unique mechanism. It's how the result is delivered. Right? So in this case the reason why you can experience the promise is because of the Trump loophole, right?

The Trump loophole is what allows you to experience the promise. So the Trump loophole in this case serves as what we would label as unique mechanism. Now, what did Kyle just say, he said what the Trump blue poll is really just what it's a text the tax laws. He pushed tax laws. So when you've heard me say when we've talked about you start with the ordinary idea.

What is the ordinary like where's the ordinary? And then how do you turn it into the extraordinary? That's what you're seeing. Right? The ordinary ideas.

It's tax laws. It's changes in tax laws. Well, he said it's just changes in tax laws. It changes the whole field seeing it hurt it. Okay.

It's another it's more the same, but when we change it from the ordinary to the extraordinary just in sheer meaning in positioning. Now it becomes mysterious and it becomes something different. So now we've got this mechanism that produces the result and curiosity and mystery behind it because they don't know it because we turn it from the ordinary into the extraordinary. You see how simple it is. You see it over and over and over what I want you to ultimately do and you saw this so many times and what Kyle should there's always a mechanism.

There's always a reason why you can experience this result. It's never just a promise of result and that's it. It's a promise of result because of X now X in some cases is a mechanism for these guys. In other cases. It might be something that's occurring in the market a law was just passed and you could take advantage of it or something.

There's about to be an IPO and if you know if you get in on it, but there's always a because Our default is unique mechanism makes sense. All right. All right, cool. Moving along here. We're going we're still in credit.

Same thing. I'm not gonna show you right off of these other successful like things already looked at little thing in to this to this little thing. I'm holding in my hands. It might not seem like much with the tech inside this device by to make people Rich. It has started and incredible scramble among some of the largest companies in the world again.

I'm claiming first. You see this I'm claiming. It's very beneficial for you. And then I'm going to taper your sort of outrage where I say Google Tech Mobile Google has created an entire spin-off company dedicated just to developing this Tech. General Motors and Ford both acquired entire companies just to produce this Tech and Wired Magazine reported Tech giants like Intel IBM and apple are looking to carve off their slice of the pie as well.

This is about the autonomous vehicles race. So that's where all those things come from. Here's the one about the the crypto thing and this is present day. This is scaling now. I got hit with the you YouTube ad for it.

Like last night see this 10 page document president buying's executive order which officially puts into motion with federal agencies referred to as the Cs initiative. We're getting inflation storing prices. Forget it turmoil around the globe. This is the most important issue affecting your money today Fortune calls this a watershed event. You see how simple I am like, I don't I do not like once I found out what works I do the least.

I don't reinvent the wheel on this. This is just human psychology. I show you something I tell you it's wildly important and beneficial to you. And then as soon as you like reach that sort of like I don't really think this could be real or true. I slap fortune on there and say Fortune calls at a watershed event.

We're in business School of Business says, it's a turning point. Well Time Magazine warns that Americans everywhere should take executive order seriously There you go. So we're at the same point and all the letters. Here's the relead. This is the one where Putin sign Federation law and it's as close to a arms race as you'll get a race that's going to determine the future of global superpowers and create one of the most valuable investment opportunities of our lifetimes.

Most folks don't know this but while the world has been glued to the Russian invasion in Ukraine America and Russia have been secretly scrambling for Global dominance over a breakthrough technology that's experts are calling more revolutionary than the cotton gin and steam engine the PC and the smartphone combined according to the end Analyst at World economic Forum. The secret Tech race carries a 12.7 trillion dollar prize worth more than Apple Amazon Tesla Microsoft Facebook and Google combined. So again the experts again I start with like something a little bit vague like the experts are calling this and then I get more specific in the next line analysts at the world economic Forum. So again, not rock Science I'm trying to give you like the most straightforward approach to getting people to read your stuff. Next okay demo the result.

All right. There's some differences here. I see people get cred and result confused. They'll say hey, I'm expert a b and c I've been on this I've done that I've done that and we're like I told them why they should listen to me and it's like well, you're conflating the credibility aspect and the result aspect. So I'll use a vacuum like if you're watching an infomercial the result is you see the vacuum pick up the dirt you see you buy the vacuum to get dirt off the floor.

The cred would be this vacuum is one Awards been featured in all these magazines. These people say this Magnet or these people say this vacuum is the greatest that's not a result. You got Johnny jumping up and down how great the product is not a result. That's just a testimonial unless he says it made my dirt disappear have a look. Like that's not a result.

That's just him like being a fanboy it was invented by an Einstein level engineer genius scientist still not a result. That's all cred. A lot of people get these two mixed up. If you can separate these two in your mind and make sure they have their own. Then you're going to do a lot better best practice for the results.

Just follow the rule of three. My little thing that I say to my writers is once the flute twice as a coincidence three times as a pattern. That's how people's brains rationalize this stuff. So, where are we at now you next fast? Okay, so this is back to the pre IPO perspective.

It's gonna make people very wealthy. You just need to act fast because Silicon Valley insiders are getting rich with every passing day behind the scenes and the private Market. This company is already making some of my venture capitalist friends Filthy Rich. For example, one of my friends are just Silicon Valley Insider. He asked me not to mention.

His name says he turned 25k into 60 million bill girly considered one of the Technologies top deal makers got in early his Investment Group 58,000 percent the seven billion Shark Tank guess Chris soccer saw his investment store 933,000 percent his stake is now worth 2.8 billion with these types of gains. So these are all insiders investing in a private company with large amounts of capital. Bring it back down to earth for the reader with these types of gains. 1,000 investment would have made you over nine million already. That's crazy.

Right we're setting up for the idea that you could be a part of. What's Happening Here. right buy back Todd's time. Yeah a few minutes. All right, so demo result.

Okay, again, the Trump bonus checks. This is making people disaster proof income going straight into results here like Jack hofberg collected 10,000. That's 884 per month. David McCleary says here. It's 5,000 a month.

Mitchell Sanders collects 7,000 from his he says they're large enough to live comfortably on WE expand on this result a little bit when I ask Mitchell why he collects Trump bonus checks. He told me I do it to be free to financial Independence, which gives me the freedom to live the lifestyle I desire. I did not want to be dependent upon others for my freedom. It has worked out well. Okay, um the crypto one.

There's an announcement. Okay, so this this announcement could This window of opportunity to cash in big in just a few days from now so you don't have much time to decide if this is right for you. That's why I'm writing this Urgent Message. Now, all the stuff is starting to should start to feel similar. So start to feel familiar like you start to feel like oh didn't you just say this other promo?

That's the point. So that's why I'm running this Urgent Message to give you all the details. You need the rumors of this announcement alone have already lit a fire under this crypto. It's putting Bitcoin gains. This shame has returned over 2500 percent in the last three months of 2017.

That's 11 times higher than Bitcoin. That's just the beginning. So this one we're predicting like a single crypto can make you rich how do you demonstrate that result? It's a prediction in the future. Well the past explains.

This is how people make decisions like so I just look well in the last three months it's gone up a lot. So that kind of gives you the believability that oh, it could go up more. Demo result to do this better show the vacuum thing of it. So those those were sort of like just I was sort of telling the result in all of those but that was because I was snipping very quick examples so I could do all this thing in 20 minutes, but I have one or two actual demonstrations that I feel like are more substantial I think are more effective. So the way you do this is very simple use wanna establish a setting you're gonna say take a look at ABC take a look at take a look at John.

You know, John is 80 years old and he he eats like crap and you know, everyone says he's lazy and unmotivated but everybody thought but really John had problems with his gut bacteria, right and and I he came and saw me and I knew right away that the real problem was actually his gut bacteria was all out of whack. Only I knew because in the foremost got bacteria expert and so I immediately prescribed probiotics for John's got bacteria to reverse course immediately the fat melted off. He's a beautiful Adonis now and if you were on my team you would have won. Well everyone else lost and called him a nobody. Okay.

So that's the that's the format and you can just use this for I call that bill drama like there needs to be some sort of conflict attention and these examples it's not just the And but therefore thing it's not just and but therefore there has to be an element of the what I call the only emotion only I knew this and everybody in the world was against me and I stood my ground and I said no, this is the truth and then I was right so I'll give you like a quick example of that. This is okay. So this is from a gym records promo. I did not write this one. It's the only way I know to Target massive 24-hour paydays like clockwork take a look take what happened usually says take a look at what happened, but take what happened with.

Aceto Corp, for example for months the stock had just been moving sideways and it looked like the company was running business as usual had you looked at acet on April 18 2018. You wouldn't have seen much shares were up immediately four cents from the day before but if you knew what to look for behind the scenes, you would have seen something entirely different, right? So he's established this setting to everyone else the common man. It's business as usual. But if you knew what to look for as I do as I am the expert that's because a CET suddenly flatlined here check it out for yourself.

So he shows like a thing of the chart doesn't animation is over the next 24 hours Wham shares collapse 64% leaving investors. Wondering what the hell just happened. And here's the thing even if you scan through their most recent financial statement, there was no way you could have known the stock was about to experience a sudden one day collapse like that. No wonder so many people get caught in these types of one day crashes. There were no red flags management even said the company's healthy balance sheet and solid operating cash generation.

Yet if you had spotted acet flatlining and April 18th, you could have known and had you taken action you would have been able to place one simple trade. Turn 511,000 the very next day. Think about that. Most people don't say that much in a month. So essentially he has this system where he can see companies about to tank any I think just like places like a put option on it and and then When the company does indeed tank you get paid but put option goes up a lot in value you sell the option you make money, but that's like that's the ordinary idea but the idea here was like everyone else saw that this company was doing just business as usual.

Nobody saw anything coming but he knew on his little radar that was gonna Flat Line flat lines like their little gimmick and if you know, it's gonna Flat Line you can get paid so that's what he shows us here. Okay, this is Putting it all together, okay. Yeah, so that's how you do that little that little formula. I'll talk about how to demonstrate result. So we're back to the crypto thing that we're running right now.

I just want to show you all this stuff in action. Just one time just straight through see this document. There's the pattern interrupt like to take a look at this pattern interrupt. This is Russian Federation law closes. We can get to an official arms race a race that's going to determine the future Global superpowers and be the most valuable investment of our lifetimes.

So there's like your trigger BS like that scrutiny right away. What why do I care? Most folks don't know this while the world's been glued to the Russian invasion of Ukraine America and Russia. I've been secretly scrambling for Global dominance over a breakthrough Tech that experts introducing the experts The credibility are calling more evolutionary than the cotton gin steam engine PC smartphone blind according to analysts. So according to Analyst at the world economic Forum or Craig the secret Tech race carries 12 trillion dollar prize.

It's worth more than Apple Amazon test level blah and then here at the bottom already some Investments that you use Tech have quietly started to take off generating returns of a thousand forty seven hundred and twelve thousand percent. So those are just different crypto gains that are that related to this opportunity. So there it is. There's all four within page one. Oh, I went too many.

I actually don't know how to use this thing. All right, here we go. Now this is putting it all together. This is the final one. This is like the finale thing where everything's gonna come together.

You're gonna see it done really? Well. This is a front end from the Oxford club called the wind both ways trade my notes just kind of scribbled all over it. It's kind of like how I I go to work every day. So I'm just gonna read this to you and kind of see everything coming out today you're going to and and this is different techniques, but with the same principle, so I said I was going to give you like here's the take a look at this technique and I was gonna give you like here's borrowed credit technique.

So you you just have to Do the patterning Rope trigger that BS get some credit in there and there's a bunch of different ways you can do credit. I showed you how to borrow credit because it's really easy and then demonstrate the result. So you'll see this done a little bit differently because they they went with different set of information. Today you're going to discover the single greatest trading strategy in the history of the markets. So right away, you have a pattern interrupt like you're going to discover something.

It's the single greatest this one saying if you don't get someone leaning in and saying who does this person think they are right then you haven't gone far enough. So he says you're going to discover the single greatest trading strategy in the history of the markets. It's a strategy that can help you rack up 34% average gains with individual gains of 136 178 and 188% overnight and get this it doesn't matter whether stock goes up or down. You just need it to move. I call it the wind both ways trade.

All right. So my name here comes the cred. My name is Brian. I think it's like butterelli. I'm a pro Trader who learned every trick of the trade on the floor of the Chicago Board options exchange.

So he's he's pumping himself up here. He's talking about himself and why he's credible but notice the juxtaposition of the reputable Source. I learned the tricks of the trade. At the Chicago Board option exchange. That's that's a reputable Source since then I've gone on to trade for living and done exceptionally.

Well at it over 12 years. I've made 3,700 trade recommendations averaging 12% gain over three day average hold time. That's not 12% over three months or three weeks. It's three days. So notice this too this fits that bill this is why I like this example, that's cred.

All right, he's not showing you the win both ways trade in action. You see the difference. That's the vacuum the mechanism when both ways trade. This is just cred now, so whenever you're writing this is the Trap people fall into they do this and then they forget to demo the result because they think this is the result. This is the credit.

This is not show the vacuum picking up the dirt. Okay, so he says how he says I don't trade the normal way. I don't just buy a stock close my eyes and pray the market God's for a win rather. I use the tricks. I learned from the Chicago trading board Chicago trading floor to focus on only the best most lucrative opportunities case in point the wind both ways trade.

No matter which direction the stock market moves just as long as it moves you can make money. So that's like our trigger BS Like That official like I don't believe that claim moment as long as the stock market moves. It just has to move and it's always moving. He says you can make money. Well, the first thing you're saying is like, of course this is you know, that's well.

How are you gonna know which way it's moving or how are you gonna be on the right side of that move? Like you're gonna have all your little skepticisms popping up like sure sure that what you want someone to do and then he's gonna say well no investing strategies perfect win. Both ways trade can dramatically increase your chance of winning offering you 73% win rate. So there's like you got that outrage that trigger BS it gives you the win rate. He's eliminating some of that out giving you some reality some realness and some safety and credibility about the effectiveness of it.

And I'll prove it to you. So this is we're going to demonstrate result. Now notice how fast this is happening. There's a block of text for each piece. He tells you like he's at the single greatest thing on the planet the wind both ways trade and then he tells you like, my name's Scott.

Here's a little bit about me and then he's going to tell you this is the craziest best thing ever. All the market has to do is move just itty bitty bit and you get rich trigger BS and he's go straight into I'll prove it to you. Here comes a demonstration of result. For example on June 4th 2020. I knew slack Technologies was set to make an earnings announcement right before right after the closing bell.

Now most Traders. Okay, exact same setup. Most Traders playing earnings would try to guess whether the stock was going up or down not me. I'm different. I'm special in the expert.

I didn't care which way it would go. So I alerted my readers before the market closed at 3:23 PM the place a win both ways trade for four dollars and 78 cents. After the underwhelming announcement slack shares tank. And then there's a little snippet slack shares sync as Revenue growth remains steady, despite pandemic. Alright and regular stockholders immediately lost 17 percent notice that all the language here points to everybody else was gonna think this and do this not me.

I didn't care. I do things differently the rest of the world and then there's me. I'm the only one thinking and doing things this way so it isn't just like when we talk about unique mechanisms. Yeah, they're like super important but it's like the idea that like it's so counterintuitive and everyone else completely misses it and everyone else is overlooking it. That's that only emotion that I'm the expert and I have this secret sauce or secret thing that that gets you the result.

That's the point though is not just that it's different but like everyone else is clueless, you know, what else is an idea about this that they're just the thing about things all wrong. They're doing things the old way the wrong way to absolutely way so Regular stockholders the normies Lost Seventeen percent good thing for my followers. They didn't buy real shares instead. They walked away with a huge fast. Look at the nesbian words here, if you know new easy safe and big like just it's everywhere.

They walk away huge fast winner from a unique easy to make options play the wind both ways trade Grant V said he made net 130 percent in three minutes. Steve C said he made 1200 per 1200 dollars profit on my second day of trading. All right, and then you see right here. I have a note says demo number two. So he's gonna launch into the exact same setup.

I pinpointed a similar play on under armor on this day. So he just creating a setting I told readers to immediately place the trade. It's just going to repeat the same sort of format now and I don't have the demo number two for time but it's gonna be the same thing everyone else thought this well, I knew that everyone else lost money we made money. Why because I have a different sort of way a unique mechanism for approaching. Age-old problem and it gets you the result.

Okay? I don't know if I would finish line. Is that the last slide that's the last line? There's a there's a couple things I want to say really enjoyed that about what Kyle shared, but does anybody have a question to before? so the On front ends a lot of times especially the financial space.

We're seeing like a boatload of cred like almost like a hype reel for like this guy you trade stocks and the walls on Wall Street or something and then like it's it's sort of you what you want to do is you want to hit what's in it for me super early and get them to sort of lean in and then I'm like I would say like on page one like within like the first the faster you can get to it, you know, like in some way when you're going out of the gate with credit as a lot of people are doing now, you have to sort of subtly jab it in there like oh, this is a guy who every time there's been a market crash. million dollars and anyone who listened to him did too like something like that, but I would say for the presentation the way I set it up. I'm trying to show and like give like if almost anybody coming into copy can execute this way to do it, you know, and that is show them something and get their attention and then very as fast as possible page one. I would not go I try to keep it within five lines hit that that trigger BS thing. I would really say cure that right the answer to that question to take it one step further is that it's very Market dependent and so right like in the financial Market where people are hyper-sensitive to scammers and everybody and their brothers cleaning something right their psychology going into the campaign is different from you know, let's say, you know, we're teaching people how to play guitar.

They're not all they're not as much on guard what these people are saying as in the financial space. So what the financial space what these guys have to do up front is different than what the guitar people would do. Well, we'll get around Applause for Kyle. Thank well while we're getting cures gonna be coming up next. Well, she's getting miked up two things.

I wanted to point out about Kyle with Kyle sherberts. I thought was fantastic. He saw a lot of you may know that my backstory is I wanted to be a film writer, ah worked out her number of years. And so what's interesting is that you know, I was talking about when you watch film like, you know a great film because a great film jumps in right in the middle of the action and within the first couple minutes like you're full on into the story and you look at these leads I can't tell you so I get a lot of you know, Todd doesn't majority of our coffee critiques, but copy comes my way from time the time and so many times. I'm like three pages into a campaign.

I'm like this person said nothing if you give me no reason to continue reading and you look at the way Kyle approaches this and it's literally like you're hooked in the first, you know, five six sentences, you're like you're hooked all which is so important. The other thing is that and I mentioned this word yesterday that power comes from tension drama comes from tension and a lot of Of times when we see campaigns, it's always right like my things great. Here's the reason it's great. Great great great great great great, but when you keep on going back and forth in that tension, right, you say something outrageous you trigger them then you give some credibility to well. Maybe this is real and then you go back and forth you start to create that tension and just like a great movie, right, you know to reference like Star Wars right Star Wars, you know back that right Star Wars you jump in and right the the rebel ship is under attack, right?

You don't start with like Princess Leia having breakfast and she's like, I like being a princess. Hope today's gonna be a good day. Like that's the way a bad movie starts, right? But you also look at the movie. What makes Star Wars a great movie is because you have a great villain and so in copy that tension the more you have a great counter argument, right?

It's not this lame villain, but it's like I know I I don't know what was behind me. I was like every staring, you know, you know when you have a great villain, it's Not just this. Oh, you know, well these people all wrong but it's like, you know, they're actually three scientists who got together and did this study for five years and they said there's no way this can work. Now there's there's tension because you're you're outrageous claim is coming up against a real opponent a real villain that creates tension that creates drama creates Intrigue and it creates engagement. And so with that one of one other thing really quick before you do that.

I also want you to pay attention to this might seem subtle but this is should be something that you you Ponder, you know first if you look at all of Kyle's critiques and he's got a ton of them where you can see he's annotated sales letters. What you'll never see and this is the way that I don't know. If this originally came from Joe over to Gloria Financial the way Joe taught copyright, you know, one of the best copies that he taught his copyrighters to look at funnels and sales campaigns and whatnot is in those annotations what you'll never see is you'll never see like a particular phrase or a word like I should use the word astonishing or I should use the word magnificent or look at this phrase this string of words what you'll see is and identification of what they were doing at that point in the sales letter what emotion they were trying to manipulate emotion. They were trying to establish credibility. They were trying they were introducing a unique mechanism.

They were proving unique mechanism these were claims and this is evidence and this is support and so I share that with you because what I want you to really understand is the thing to really study is not the word choice that people in the phrases and fill in the blank things that people are dealing Is the framework what Frameworks what Kyle showed you is is that it's it's formulating for him right that there is a Formula there's a flow there's a framework there's an argument being presented Damian leaned over to me and he said, you know, I love how tight Kyle's writing is and the reality is that really what Damian was was referring to was not the exact sentence structure per se right, which we're gonna talk about later on but was about the fact that everything that Kyle was saying serve a purpose in furthering the argument there was nothing that was thrown in just to be thrown in everything served. It's purpose and it's role and move the prospect further and further along on the argument pathway period and so that's why Kyle could take a chunk of copy and the most important thing is that this is what this chunk of copy is doing not the words that are being used not the Wiz bang phrases not the existence of adjectives. But what is the role the purpose the Objective of this piece of copy and how does it flow into this next piece of copy? And what is the purpose role and aim of this and so he showed you that over and over and over and over? That's what you want to become students of.

Cool. So before before we hand it over to secure, why don't we give a shout out everybody? Say hi to our live streamers out there, especially it's not only sending love to Vietnam over to all Peter Eric, but Mr. Renzulia, I know his videos not on right now, but unfortunately his wife's mom passed and wasn't able to join us, but it's so good that you're able to join us virtually for a bit. So can we hear Peter Eric?

I'm here. I'm sitting outside in the dark side. I don't know if you can see over waving now. So that's like he's walking in Kennedy's email dungeon. Hey.

There's to us. It Kennedy's email dungeon. All right, so we might be able to get the audio on. Yeah, it's so it's so good to see you again Pete our condolences to you and the family and did we hear him now? Can you hear me?

Now, okay, so so he's he's cracking away at this. We'll get some audio from you later. But we want to let you know. We're glad to see you guys here. If you have any questions let Chris know he'll facilitate him into the group when we happy to to share them with everybody as well.

So it's so good to see you guys. Um, let's go so with that Kira. Bring me. All right. So we're gonna talk about how a unique mechanism sandwich took our beta offer from maybe this will sell to hey, look we made 30k not so Bad so first, why are we talking about a sandwich?

Especially? It's not quite lunchtime. Why are we talking about this? So it's because this sandwich made us some money. It was a 30 thousand dollar sandwich and I added the decimal in the two extra zeros to try to impress you all make it look a little bit bigger than actually was very impressive crowd and the people pleaser and me wants to impress you all.

So first like let's back up. We were just talking about unique mechanism Todd can teach you everything you need to know about unique mechanism all of you having unique mechanism. So I'm just going to touch on like what it means to me. So and I think of a unique mechanism I think about all the unique ingredients that make up how you do what you do how you fulfill that promise and so that's different for all of us. We all like different ingredients in our sandwich.

You might like the baloney you might like bacon you might like tofu, but we all have our unique combination that makes what we do stand out from everyone else. And we can get extra fancy and add in. Condiments which could be your bonuses, right? You can start to get really fun and add in different bonuses. It could be your ketchup.

It could be your mustard. Whatever you prefer that makes it truly your own. But the problem is that once we have all these ingredients. We don't have a place to put them right they're just kind of like out on the table loading around so we can put them in a bowl. Right?

Naturally. I would gravitate towards putting them in a bowl. Here's the thing about the unique mechanism bold. Just a bunch of ingredients and when I eat a salad I eat exactly what I want all the yummy pieces the croutons the cheese and then I leave everything that's actually good for you. Right the good veggies that I know will actually help me fulfill that promise which could be healthier person, but I will wants because I eat like a child.

Oh, that's the problem with the salad. So we need a way to really hold it together. And there's a piece that's missing here. Right? It's the bread.

bread and and so we need this to really hold it together and we're talking about bread. We're talking about tiny habits. So that's what we're gonna talk a lot about today. The bread is really the habits that we help create Behavior design and help we help shift the behavior in our customers. And just to show kind of visual to make it all stick together.

We're going to show this is how the unique mechanism sandwich works. Right? So we have all the ingredients in the middle which we've already talked about those that's what you put in your unique mechanism. Right? It's like the content is what you teach it could be fancy tools.

It could be basic tools. It could be all the templates that go into your unique mechanism. It could even be like the coaching the implementation, right? So we all already have that piece but what to me it was missing was the bread like what's gonna hold it together? What do we put on the top and the bottom to create the behavior change so that our customers actually fulfill the promise and do what we want them to do?

So we added the bread where we start with tiny habits on top and really help them develop. These little changes that start to create bigger change. And then of course like we need to toothpicks. So in my mind the toothpick it holds it all together, right? That is the behavior change and if you think about it, you can't really stick a toothpick in a sandwich that does not have bread.

It's not going to stay the behavior change does not happen. So with all that being said after talking about all the ingredients, what are we actually doing today? So we're going to start by talking about how Rob and I assembled our unique mechanisms sandwich and then show you what it looks like in the wild. And then we're going to do like a quick. Behavior design 101 micro class which is kind of meta just to show what we talk about in our program and also because most of you geek out on the stuff like me, you're probably already know most of this so we'll just be more of a refresher.

And then we'll wrap up with you know, what you can actually do to implement this in your own business. So let's start with how we did it. Of course like good marketers, we started by creating an offer, right? We wanted to see what do our people want. So like the marketers we surveyed our audience.

We already kind of knew what they wanted because they talk about getting clients copywriters really struggle with lead gen. So we survey them it confirmed what we thought we knew the offer was going to be lead gen focused. But then we get to the stage where we're like, okay. Well what is out there in the marketplace? And I mean, we all know his marketers there's tons of lead gen offers.

There are tons of Articles podcasts tools systems. That's all out there already. So What's the problem then? Why are our copyrighters are customers struggling to implement this? And this is where we took a deeper look right.

We are already. Pretty close lean touch with our audience because we work we do a lot of one-on-one coaching. So we looked at like why are our customers still struggling if they're all these resources available? And what we found is that our primary audience includes a lot of parents with young children. A lot of moms who are building copywriting businesses and like we all know they're Tapped Out didn't tapped out for a long time 2020 didn't help so they even though they're all these resources available.

They're like, how do I find the time? How do I prioritize this? It feels like everything is an emergency and then even though they're always resources available. How do I put all the pieces together? And this is where we started to look at the problem, right?

We pulled out our plate to hold all the ingredients our problem plate that starts playing with our ingredients. And then of course like you could take a deeper look at the problem to try to understand it. Like what do they actually need? What are they struggling with? And this is the fun part where Robin I got to actually like play with all the ingredients right and look at okay, if we know the problem we understand our audience.

What do we bring to the table? Can we actually help them and if we can help them, how do we help them? And so Rob is brilliant. He's expertise really is like mastering any type of skill set. Right?

So Rob is a great resource that you can assemble the right tools and trainings and materials to create this cohesive system to get someone from point A to point Z. So Rob stepped in and provided the trainings and the steps in our unique mechanism to help them understand what it actually takes to focus on Legion from point A to point Z. And then I came in and I'm the the nerd who's like obsessed with behavior design and habits. I was recently certified as a coach with the tiny habits certification. So like I'm ready just to change Behavior to make this all stickier.

So what does that actually? Echoes what Todd said from yesterday, but I would love anyone who wants to share who's familiar with the model wants to just like talk through What this means to you high level share with the group. anyone interested anyone would talk through what this means if you're familiar with it. Translate it. Rob I'm gonna put you on the spot so We're gonna get to that.

And we're okay motivation more. Yes, a lot of our channels. I mean you're not that I over here. Same thing but if you want to change the paper you just motivation ability the way and then it's called action problem. It's easy.

Yeah, well, so, thank you. Yeah, so motivation is typically unstable. We cannot depend on our motivation it varies depending on how we're feeling our emotions from stage to Stage. So I mean like Todd said yesterday you if you don't want the thing, you're not gonna work towards it you're gonna watch Netflix. It's important to have some of it but what where we can really play with behavior and helping our clients is with ability.

That's something that we can control we can always make something easier. We can always make it tinier. We can always provide more training and more resources to help them with it. So when we're working with our clients, we focus heavily on ability and then of course, like Rob said you need to prompt and we're all familiar with that because those are called to actions that could have been for Damian at the club late night when you're dancing The Prompt was your alarm went off right and then you eat whatever you eat the sweet potato. So we need a good prompt and again prompts are not that hard to engineer.

We can create those as well. So that's the basic model to bring it to life with the marketing example. You could look at a Red Cross campaign, right? So after the earthquake in Haiti the Red Cross wanted to create a behavior. They wanted people their donors to donate via text to Red Cross.

So what was the motivation if I'm going to donate I need to have some motivation. I need to have some desire to help the people in Haiti. Right? I have to care enough. So I need a little bit of motivation and then the ability it needs to be easy.

I'm not gonna do it if it's not easy. So the campaign created a texting process that required less than three clicks. And then finally The Prompt was a text message right? There was a text message from the Red Cross to their list and that was the reminder to for people to donate. Text messaging is less reliable these days especially as we get more and more text messages, but for this prompt, it worked.

They raised more than three million dollars in the first 24 hours. So just kind of to like step back big picture. There are three ways to create change. The first is The Epiphany we can't control that and we can't help our clients with that because that is something that is nearly impossible to reverse engineer unless you have magic powers. We can't create that moment.

I do think that if reading and travel can help right if we want to have those epiphanies reading can help create those moments, but even that's not dependable. Another way to create lasting changes to change your environment. That means moving most of the time. It could also be travel that might be why I move every three years just to create that change. But again moving isn't easy.

Most of us do not want to move every three years. So that is all so something we can't depend on for lasting change. But something we can depend on is tiny habits right changing your habits and Tiny ways again. That's what Todd was talking about yesterday. It's like the consistency.

It's those tiny habits that will really add up over time. And so to Circle back that's what we help our clients do. And then this is the model that goes deeper into what Rob was sharing just to show how motivation and ability work together. And basically if you're not motivated, right if you're low on the motivation access and you have it's really easy to do you may or may not actually do it. But if if you're here and not that motivated but it's super easy and you've made the Habit really easy to do it's more likely to happen because it's on this side of the action line.

So that's where we really get to play with ability to make habits super easy for people to accomplish. to show that in action would that actually looks like so if I want to get into shape and I'm like, okay, I'm gonna do 20 push-ups every morning. That doesn't seem that hard. But then it doesn't happen even though I'm motivated. It won't happen because it's below the Action Line because it's still hard if I'm not doing any push-ups to start with 20.

It's not gonna go. Well, I'm gonna give up but if we can make that easier. Maybe it's two wall push-ups instead every morning. There's no reason I can't do two wall push-ups again against the wall. It's super easy.

And so I can start there with something that's really tiny and easy to build that repetition. So it starts to feel like okay. This is something I can do on a regular basis. And then I can grow from there. And then what does this look like with our clients again?

If we Circle back to lead gen the example that we shared with them is oftentimes. Our copywriters are like, oh, yeah, I could totally send five cold emails every morning and it does sound easy, but when they sit down to do it, it's overwhelming. So how do we create that as a habit? We can say, okay, how can we make this really easy for you? What about if you sit down in the morning and you just open your desktop and you open your spreadsheet and you see all of your leads in there, you don't have to do anything just open it and we can build from there over time, but that's a win if you want to do more than that and reach out to someone great, but you don't have to so that's how we make it really easy.

So again, they start to do it they feel that momentum and they start to actually Do more than that over time? And then this is just a reminder of the repetition right repetition is an important. The reason habits important is because then it makes it easier easier or easier and eventually we can start to stack our habits and make them increasingly more challenging and work towards our goals. So just to kind of like wrap that up as we focus on how do we make it easier we can increase skill sets, right? That's what Rob did when he comes into our intensive and teaches prospecting.

He's really just giving them the skills. They need to make it easier. So the behavior sticks we also give tons of tools tons of templates tons of resources so that it makes it easier for them to do and then I come in and make the behavior really tiny to create those little habits so it so they feel that when and they continue on And like what does this look like in the real world? Because I'm I always experiment with this for me. I don't like to drink green juice, but I know I should.

Oh my glass out. I'll grab the glass in the cupboard. I'll put it out. This is like 5 am I'll put the green powder in it, but I'll just leave it there and that's my tiny habit. And if I drink it and fill it up with water great, but I don't have to because my tiny habit right now is just pull it out and put it on the counter and eventually what started to happen is my husband would come in and he was like pouring water and he's like, why is this empty?

He'd pour water. He'd bring it over to me if it's sitting in front of me. I'm gonna drink it so I'll start drinking it so over time it started to build. The little barbells I want to lift weights. So if I leave them out in the kitchen, that's my tiny habit, pull them out leave it out in the kitchen and just like lift it five times tiny habit.

I could totally do that. If they're out in the kitchen. I'm going to do it. It's my prompt even just seeing it. It's a prompt.

And then the picture in the middle is just to show the power of habits when I scratched my eye and couldn't see like one and I had a ton of work to do. So, I wanted to continue with my morning routine and get up at 4:30 do my thing but I also couldn't see and like it was painful, but I was able to do it this particular morning because I had the habits in place. So even though I couldn't really see what I was doing. I was able to just kind of move through them the the different habits to continue with that morning routine. Okay, so let's wrap this up with what you can actually do to pull from this this content today.

You can grab your bread right grab your slices of bread. We can all do this. We can all grab bread. Look at our unique mechanism. Look at all the ingredients on the plate and put some bread on the top in the bottom to really cement it all together and help it stick.

You can even assign someone on your team if you're like, I'm not really interested in doing that. I've got other areas to focus on could you bring someone on your team or someone that is currently on your team to focus on the behavior design aspect of your offer. Could you hire someone to do that? There are resources available. I mean, I prefer tiny habits and following that approach for tons of books out there tons of resources.

You could even have someone on your team go through the certification program. And then the bonus step if you want to do this is you could create your own tiny habit recipe right? If you feel like you could use a refresher with your own habit start to strengthen that muscle so that you can do a better job of teaching it. I do have a couple recipes that you could use we're not going to do it right now. But if you want to do it later, you can share it with me over slack and I can give you some feedback and support you.

I'm happy to support you with your habits if you ever want that so an example would be After I sit down at my desk every morning, I will put my cell phone on do not disturb mode. And then I will celebrate by smiling. And the celebration piece is actually really important here because there's emotional there's an emotional connection to habits. They stick if we do celebrate them. That's like a whole other Master Class.

We're not gonna get into it. But the important part is the anchor moment. When are you going to fit this new habit into your routine? It has to be a very specific moment. Otherwise, it will not happen.

And then what is that tiny habit that you're going to start focusing on? So this is something that you could create on your own to start experimenting with it starting today. And again, if you do that, I'd love to see it. And then finally, here's what can happen. If you do this, if you add the bread to your unique mechanism, we we followed up with all of our students in this beta program that just wrapped and it was so cool to see the results of what they experience because not only were they starting to Prospect and get clients.

But they were starting to feel like less intimidation about the whole process because they were having wins and they were feeling momentum and I think I was I was just surprised at how much the Little Steps help them have mindset shift to actually do what we were teaching them to do. And just to add it. I have a ton of extra slides that you can access in this presentation that we just wouldn't have time to cover. If you just want to like nerd out on habit stuff. You can use all those resources to that are part of the deck.

That's it. Thank you. This Buffet. Did anybody have a question here John? so you decided to you on the basis you want to help finds England better than social companies to as they as a bunch of reporting this alongside of the You mean as a marketing both, I mean, yes, we were inspired after the Last Retreat here to improve our unique mechanism actually just to create it for this new offer.

And so and I just worked through the certification program. So part of was like when I get my money is worth out of this program, but how can we use this to stand out because there are tons of Legion offers and the copywriting space. It's nothing new. And so how do we make it stand out in different from everybody else? So definitely as the marketing aspect I think is really valuable for all of us and then customers success on the back end.

Like how can we actually get help and get results? The biggest struggles hurt implementation, right? using It yeah. cool things All right. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna take a 10 minute bio to get 10 minutes up in the clock.

Remember we have coffee service tea service when we come back now during your break. This is important start thinking if you haven't thought about your 30 second million dollar Power Hour pitch because after Mr. Benson shares, we'll be doing our million dollar Power Hour pitches. Okay. All right, everybody.

Enjoy break. You it's not happy. It's Squared in yeah, that's that maybe the issue, you know any I've never had this many issues with zoom now somebody I put in a I put it on Facebook and a lot of other technicians of commented they said they've had a lot of issues zoom in general recently. So it's just everybody Soon as well. Yeah.

You know, but I'm trying not to blame to things. Really? you Know yeah, he people are saying these Microsoft teams next time. That's what some some people told me. So I don't know.

Yeah, maybe. Yeah, I think the internet has a lot to do with it. There might be other, you know other separate little things, you know, I mean places. Yeah, I mean, where is this? You know, I don't even see the router in this room, which means it's located in the building.

But like when yeah, it's somewhere on the other side of a wall, which is a problem, you know anyways Better than yesterday. Nobody's complaining too much. No and and it's not freezing. I mean I can see that he's their interaction is go is live on your computer right now. It was first time.

Yeah, which yeah, it's the lower, right? Okay. Wonderful. Yeah. All right.

It kind of a fairly slowing down. the screen always Yeah, I mean. here Hey, right. s you and it was I I there is you he says and it just really where you Dance around yeah, and it's awesome. So each other and helping institution.

It's always happy. We'll see it. You know multiplication of computers. Now obviously you so copywriter each line. She tells you like soft to do this, but I didn't make this for people like here are me or Kevin when yeah.

but in access like I'm starting to call how great is cheap now. I'm having rated 16 years, right? This is what's awesome. So imagine how this works for mornings and malware. I'm an organic City when it's done covered public really does save time.

It doesn't matter that. It's it's not 100. That's how I said what this happened efficient and I would use hard promo after in basically anywhere from 30 seconds. Writing something that looks like the days. It's pretty cool.

But I'm gonna teach you the techniques, you know software which one and essentially if you say so. All right, so think of this today, why aren't right. It's a checklist for your emails, especially promotionally. It's not epic is important not you know those in one is proportional but there's a constricted. Yeah.

Cool thing that I do and it's really the difference. I want to show it to you that you like it and he says checklist. Thank you. Haven't worked such important. The other pattern you follow every parents taught everybody else.

repeating pattern it would cause it was great because something happened once including three times in the past. If you look at this. From a pattern for you, it can save you a ton of time, especially if you're not. Yeah, you see this thing on this Mission somebody is good. So I think the idea say good enough.

As I wanted to recovering professions, I didn't want myself so as far so I said, they're not too big to get it next. I think it's but my real time is most people don't Responsibility it's not. Swedish squishy, they're like It's like it's time. It's like that's what you can accept that. It makes you here same thing goes with motion.

Like all said you do want to sit and Chase somebody is Persuasions. Is in my opinion all about making some good feel into a specific emotional state that you are. Exactly. What? people please it's not just like you watch very slowly getting in touch, but And you can make some money remember?

And solve very good so emotions truth. practice except for vegan diets Okay. Yeah a couple to think of it only a few days really work. But still the point is there's not really one way to use something really is all joking. I said there's not one way to do something.

There's multiple ways to do something you just have to do a consistently it's true that some things do work better and definitely some things cut your time in half. So you guys in to a Time cutter time slicer all good, okay. All right. Okay, there are like a million different NLP patterns stuff that you can apply to this as well, but we're not going to go into all that stuff. We're going to cover the basics.

Okay. So this started off as a way to explain that there are only four different types of email. But what I recently discovered and this is cool. And this is where it gets into the Mind f****** part. I can say that right good.

All right. Always ask forgiveness not permission, right? All right, so this gets into The email types the only four that really exists. all four of them into one email now if anyone knows anything about emails at all, you know that there's something called consumption emails, right? That's stuff that you send to people after they buy something.

How do you do that? I'll show you. It's pretty cool. Now each of these four persuasion targets are carefully crafted into each and every email promo that I send and the goal. And this is super important and this is one of those things where it's really not there's not another answer to this question in my opinion.

Unless you're sitting out like what Kennedy is doing is sending out like a course where the course is the email that's an exception. You want to get them off three the email app as soon as you can, whatever their email client is is the worst place for someone to be so when someone sitting out really long emails and they're sending out things that you have the stuff that you want to read is on you that is a complete waste of time. Take them off of that you first of all you need to train the click. Everyone needs to be clicking everything that you send if you don't have a link in your email slap yourself. Every email I don't care what it is.

You have to have something to click. You want to train the click because that makes what the next time they click on something. Oh, I've got an article got an article got a promo it all Blends together and click click click. And if your sales page is decent, that's what you want, right? Everyone agreed.

I'm gonna get some interaction. All right, we're all agree. Cool. That's good. Now this helps break the pattern and Inspire more clicks faster.

While still qualifying because I could just say hey you want free money and lots of sex click here. Probably get a lot of clicks, especially if you know email, okay. But that's not going to be good if I'm sending it into an offer on how to buy real estate, right? not a good thing so This also includes a simple way to test subject lines and I'm going to include that in a minute here. It's cool and it is the cheesiest trick that I've ever come up with.

It's in my book Open. Click buy. I don't know if you've seen it open click buys a book on an email marketing probably obvious from the title wrote it eight years ago. I guess still works. It's the best subject line trick that I know.

It's really really cool. I'll show you. All right, here it is. Here's the formula. There's four persuasion targets that we're gonna hit in four different types of emails.

Now keep in mind. These are four separate categories of emails engage promote Inspire consume. and most of you know, what all of those mean, but just in case engagement emails are emails that what engage people either first engagement like hey, welcome to the community or reengagement. Hey, where the hell have you been you know, and those are not emails by the way. Those are just me talking but that's essentially what the engagement is, but guess what just exactly what Kyle was saying you have to end every single email you sent.

If you don't scratch the surface of the brain with something unique something that's going to break their pattern from the day that they're in something is going to make them go. What what the hell is he talking about? You're not going to get the clicks and Views that you want. You need to start off with something that is engagement. Now I can start off with one word that creates engagement.

listen It's NLP. It's a real basic NLP. Just a command. look Everybody looks at me. Just one word can do this or I'll show you many other examples because when were we get really old really fast promote?

This is not rocket science. We're gonna sell something right Inspire what is inspired? You guys have heard of nurture right content, right? That's all b*******. All you're doing is inspiring people.

That's it name me one content email that's not inspirational. Here's how you go through my course. What are you doing? You're inspiring them to go through your course. That's it.

Everything boils down to one thing in content inspiration. And if you change your way that you look at it because content emails everybody dreads. It's like, oh gosh it you know, it changes the way that you look at writing them if you think of it, how can I Inspire somebody today? Well case study testimonial my before and after You know another person's, you know, nightmare story. Whatever could just a quote from somebody it could be something so basic, but if you think of it that way content becomes a little bit easier and then finally consumption I said that sense of people buying stuff, right?

They bought something and you want them to go through it because if they don't go through it, you'll never get a testimonial you'll never get word of mouth don't have people refunding your products. So that's all bad mojo. So those are the four types. But how the hell do you put all that into one email without ending up with a novel, you know War and Peace you don't want that. Well, you do want more pieces great novel.

We never read it. Tell story. Check it out Russian. Just like her. That's the only reason I read it.

Okay already got okay. Now No One's Gonna read that and I'm trying to make sure that everything I give you guys you can see that's hence my slides look like, you know, it's written for people that you know are blind but I got to read this to you just real quick because this is an entire promotional email that combines all four of these elements and it's relatively this is the longer one of that. So yeah, you can actually do the shorter. So the very first phrase is look around the room. So that was not a request.

I didn't say hey. Can you take a few seconds look look around your room? You see new things. You see the whole things, right? Well, this is a new email approach now.

All I did was make somebody just stop go look around the room. Now, they might stop and go what what on Earth just a little bit of a pattern reps not a significant one. It's enough to get somebody's attention. Well, you see old things and you see new things. Well, this is a new approach to email something that's never existed until a short while ago and something so radically different you'll never look at email the same way again, very similar to who is this guy?

What the hell is he on about now? I could get a lot more copyish with that. I could get a lot more Dynamic with that. But again, this is emails from normies, and I press the button. Keep this in mind.

Okay pictured for a moment. What's that? What type of command? And one upsell for 97 the upsell gets 60 62 percent of the more. Not bad.

pretty decent And we've got another upsell to go and post sales to go. So our aov will probably as a CV. If you want to call we'll probably get up into the 200 range on a $59 front end. So there's a there's a formula I'm working on. I can't share yet because I haven't figured I haven't got all the mass worked out yet.

But there's a way that you should be looking at because people say oh earnings per click is not that important it is if you look at the dollar value of your first product, So your first product your primary product your front end product if you look at that and say if this was seven dollars and 58 cents a click in my front end product was thousand dollars. We have a problem. But the front end product is dollars. We have a game changer. You have to change you have way that you look at this APC thing.

I'll let you know. I want to get the formula worked out because there's some variables. I'm working. I'm running it by NASA. So So anyway, this that exact emails what I show you the numbers for so did it work?

Yes. Um, these emails will all work. All right. So let's talk about engage here. Engage is all about capturing or recapturing your prospects attention.

But they are reading and buying from you. So I even I can't even did that for students so you can I just changed it is so that they are so so why well, so they're reading and buy from equally important is promotional emails. Because without being engaged a potential customer wander office unsubscribe, they'll do the email they'll do stuff that you don't want them to do. Engagement is something you can do in virtually every email and many marketers bail on this and it's costing ignition because they do not grab the attention of their Prospect. They think pattern interrupts are solely for bsls.

Clearly it's called demonstrate. They're not it's really funny. I have in Epic. I have see this same exact thing. Yeah just got tied up here.

All right, so you have to do this. Gage using NLP curiosity questions personal stories now, this is something where my part ways from other people. I believe that someone subscribed to your list. They want to know more about you. They may even want to be a little bit like you.

And some way so if you say you start an email and go no first name. You know last time wife and I were watching this movie was called blink. There's a guy in the movie. Just I'm just telling a story right and you're thinking that's nothing to do with what I'm selling. I'm gonna show you what to turn it into something.

It has something to do with what you're selling, but you're gonna engage right off the bat. So that's engaged. Let's look at what some examples of that would look like. Now, okay. First of all, this is inside how many of you know, I copy Pro have heard of it or use it.

So no one really. Wow, no one, you know. That's God so you. Know right now this thing you saw he right? Yes.

Yes. That's true. Oh, yes. You don't know what I'm doing. I asked questions.

all the time doing this all what's your audience and buy them because up Warrior? Yes. All right, so Well, this is a new you know, it's never just Brad. Whatever. It means that's neat.

Okay. So look around your room while listening. So Brad have a different. not just obviously that also the problem I want you to remember that that's why that's so done. And honestly, you know machine.

Okay curiosity, right? That's what yeah. You're learning about. Okay, so, where are you? It's right there, okay.

oh that it's I want you. Okay, still want to create a different angles good? Like, okay still no. idea You guys don't? all right you what if that's traditional but something I did.

And that's it writing will. son, I'm giving her and son is not they do Now that immediately United doesn't take something not right. It's true story. I'm not sure why else? it's Out I'm not sure.

So that's it. So check this out again, and I just listen to check this out. Look right every single and I don't ask. Yeah, I and the God, you know. now it must you know You that works on three different modems.

Now, this is where it gets a little random. you wants easy here. You saw those three sentences. the first one second e and the third sentence you what we call center here goes. I want to look better just feel like I did that.

I want to track whatever it so what I mean why? It's right. You don't sell meat. You still wants? The needs are what you have to do to get.

That's not itself. So you start want to lose weight. No, not really. Yeah, I don't want you size. right I want to look he's yeah, well, this is here.

Obviously. super important people much now I just wanted also. syllogisms maybe I say in terms 1 to 3. Oh this this. Bluetooth is this it doesn't sound like why so if I say hey, this is really good point.

Oh, it's Well, that's implying me is it says that don't do this? We'll get what that was. But something I didn't avoid. I hope that's right. Okay.

Let's look at this in the same email. Okay, let's get back a picture or moment. No more sleeping with you. I got emotion worse. Even if you miss any of the sword here.

Okay. All I'm doing is you all right here slightly Prime. That's 13. Oh this isn't so the upgraded pain. works even if you can't write a verse obviously better right course without this so working by the way is And to tailor your clothes because you're gonna lose so much weight.

All I'm doing is what they've already bought the product. They've already bought the product. I'm going as fast I can. This is my favorite one. I use this all the time PS go reread that fourth paragraph.

It's essential that you get this get this NLP. Reread the fourth paragraph. Guess what's in the fourth paragraph? Yes, I say the fourth paragraph could be something like look when I first created epic email. I couldn't write an email to save my life today.

Take it out in less than a minute link hyperlink. That's the text. I send them back to reread the damn email. Consumption gets meta there can three consuming the entire email now? Okay.

Watch as I do this in less than a minute. Can I do this? Are you gonna kill me? No. All right, cool.

All right, so not every male email will take you a minute. Even if you have cockroach it takes you wild set the blueprint but once I get my blueprint set up just watch this. It's kind of cool. All right, so I'm gonna come over here email. You just saw I'm just showing you this because it's f****** cool.

Really? Okay, so I'm gonna come down here and click AI re right and boom. There's my next email completely Rewritten using the Epic formula and yeah just disappeared. So I have no idea what happened there. Okay.

Okay. Anyway, I don't have so so I looked through here and I go oh wait. No I use this one before because it rewrites it random. So I'm gonna go. Okay.

I have to fill in a blank here there. So I'm gonna click something to fill in I wanted to rewrite this because I just used that and it pulled it in again. So I'm gonna pull in my other options here now I can have the AI rewrite it and that's what's going on right here. It's gonna grade the score give me a score and if anything over 50% means half the people will interact with it by prediction so I can look through here look through different versions of it and say like that one, but 22% is pretty low in the context of this email. So I'll go back and choose something that I like better, which I'm gonna do here, but I just record all this pretty much real time this morning.

So so I'm not there's nothing fake or tricky here. So I'll choose this one and boom now. I've got that and my email is done. So that's how long it took me to write that promotional email. I'd click preview and I'm done.

Okay, so Now imagine the time saving that would be for anyone but especially for people that don't write emails. pretty cool All right. So the sales page is but hey Todd and I worked together on the first one. Just thought just from copywriting position. You might like it a billion dollar copywriter embarrasses the marketing World by Simple simplifying email copyrighting.

So drastically a five dollar an hour Tim can humiliate your email froze though. So that one lost actually to this one early is losing but they're both good and it just may be the fact that the page is so radically designed different so we get to test that but the next one is I think at this one because I'm so you know good looking and s*** and so the video that's that's my theory that I'm working with and my wife agrees with me. So there just take that. So this one my once private training reveals cash cranking power. I'm looking ways to save money cash cranking the power epic emails to secure hot leads.

Jank sales seemingly out at thin air. I'll make business any any business Recession Proof. I'm using a lot of Recession Proof copy right now. So just to give you some context of how we're selling it. So in conclusion if you do have copy produce Look for beach in the templates.

Just look for the word Beach because I call it Beach mode. This is my auto responder Beach mode series because I want to do this. We live on the beach literally and I want to go to the beach, press a button and continue getting this wonderful Florida tan. So that's what I call it not and if you don't have it, let me know. I'll get you access to it.

And if you want more good job. It's not calm forces epic. That's not a sales thing. Get with me. I'll give it to you.

I'm not trying to get sell anything up here. Shoot me an email right now gift everyone a copy of this training and anything else that you need. So, thank you very much. I got this why we want to buy anything from that link. Make sure you buy from my version.

first version Oh, I actually I I'd written that as a subhead line. He said this needs a bit headline and then he should. Presentation itself. In fact I would say that what I'm gonna say now is more important for you to grasp then the things that I share with you throughout this this presentation, so please pay attention, you know. Kyle said something I'm gonna quote Kyle Kyle said something at the beginning of his presentation that I wrote down.

He said that he finds with a lot of his his copyrighters that they are he wants to make sure that they are not losing track of the argument. He wants to make sure that they are not losing track of the argument. And I said to Kyle after his presentation. I said, you know, it's really interesting because there is a fundamental difference. In the copywriting approach that is taught and used at Agora that I fell in love with that really became kind of the Genesis or the foundation of the E5 method and the copyrighting method that is most often taught in the internet marketing World.

There is a fundamental difference and that fundamental difference the progress of most of the copyrighters or most of the people that try to learn copyrighting from the I am approach you see the the internet marketing approach in the way the copy has you know was was kind of always taught was really based on the foundation of magnificent word choice, right? It was all about the words that you was all about the phrases that you use right the incredible. Steroid like traffic generation system that brings a tsunami of buyers, right? It was all about the words. It was the the this idea that right if I use these extremely exciting compelling right almost hyperbolic words that that makes for good copy.

This is why that back in the day right back in the day. Right the almost every single copyrighting training. What did it it came with what? What did they include they almost always included like a power word list. These are power words.

Astonishing. Let me see how often I can sprinkle in astonishing throughout the the copy right like magnet, you know, all these like all these power words. And so right everybody became trained on Words. It's the words. That's why I like when when Kyle was showing and I'm gonna I'm gonna get to the point in just a little bit.

Bear with me when Kyle is going through his his swipes and examples, right and I was paying attention to the room. I could see people like agonizing over almost becoming overwhelmed with the copy when you look at the copy. What did he say there? What's the word there? Did he did he is there like a power word being used in there?

Right and and I said to you guys that it's not the the words that I want you to pay attention to it's not the words the exact words that I want you to model and swipe. It's not the one phrase in the third sentence of the fourth paragraph that I want you to swipe. It's the structure you see because I said that there's a fundamental difference in the copy approach that are Gore uses compared to the I am world in the I am world. all about the magnificence of the words that you use but in the Agora world, it's all about the magnificence of the argument It's all about the magnificence of the argument. I wrote down to share with you write that ultimately and this is why I say this is a fundamental difference.

It's a fundamental difference in the way that I think about crafting campaigns the way I write the words that I use the structure of the sentences much of which I'm going to just show you some some little things today. Right? What I think about is it's about a compelling argument not compelling words. Meaning I'm not trying to convince people that this is great because I use the word magnificent amazing fantastic steroid. Like it's not it's not compelling because of solely the words that I use right.

It's compelling first and foremost because I'm presenting an argument that you can't dispute that logically emotionally, right? It's I'm showing it to you where like at the end you you are led to one conclusion and only one conclusion. and this is it's an important point for you to get because one of the things that I see often when I see critique today, I the only critiques that I do are from top one members. So when I used to do critiques from E5 clients, and now we've got phenomenal, you know, folks like Paul and Michael and the team to to do that, right? And so but when I when I used to go through critiques and even sometimes rarely but sometimes now one of the biggest kind of mistakes one of the biggest kind of issues that I see is right is there is no structure.

There is no structure. There is no argument being presented. It's kind of it's all over the place. It's kind of like they're saying a lot and saying nothing at the same time like right like I'll read this and where are you going? Where are you leading them?

Like right. Ultimately, I always say I you heard me say this so many times, but it I can never say it enough that every marketing campaign is about taking the prospect on a journey. Up, right but have a rock solid argument where like dang that makes a whole lot of freaking sense. I see it. I get it then go the other way go the typical internet marketing copy way.

Does that make sense? Does anybody have a question about that? With that is the backdrop. I'm going to share just a few things 16 things specifically some of these are just very easy simple. None of these are Are you know like hard and fast rules or I should say most of these are not hard and fast rules.

I'm gonna share with you some things and there's a lot of different ways to write. I enjoy write it. I like writing for those of you that that don't like writing that that don't like to do written sales letters. You may not enjoy what it is that I'm about to share with you a lot of this really more applies to written copy. Then then spoken copy spoken copy and written copy are very similar should be very similar but not identical.

There are some things that we need to be more sensitive to in the in the written word. Obviously right with spoken copy on a vsl. We have the benefit of of tone inflection Pace, right and you don't have that same benefit to the same extent in the in the in the written word. But what I'm gonna share with you are some of the things that I do right some of the little things that I do, these are by no, Things all of the nuances all of the little of the little things in copy but these are important enough for you to get at least three that you can use right away. The other thing that you're going to notice is you're going to notice again going back to yesterday's presentation when I said it's not one thing it's a combination of things that lead to success and so you can any one of these things any one of these nuances out of context look at it alone and be like, well, how much is that really matter?

Right, like does that really matter? But what you have to understand is when you have a multi-page sales letter when you have a sales letter, you know that Paul 13 Pages 15 pages 18 Pages some from work 30 pages. When you have a long thing these things have a cumulative effect right accumulative effect, if you look at one sentence or one paragraph and that's it right in your whole thing was one paragraph for one. Evidence you can get away with a lot more than if you have 15 pages, right if you have some longer sentences in a one paragraph add right? Well, okay, but if you have 15 pages of long run-on complex sentences with multi-syllable words.

Yeah that's gonna wear on your prospect and it's going to impact their the readability the consumption the engagement and the response. Now John said something that is not in here that I've talked about many times before I think you know it but I just want to say it again before we dive in and cruise through this and that is that ultimately well actually, let me get to this for you guys. So, where is this? Or not I go out of order. Yeah, I want to I want to start with this.

So, you know John talked about short choppy sentences, you know, does everybody know what the FK score is the flights Kincaid score. Who doesn't know what that is show a hands. So sure, how raise them higher. So FK score, so check this out. So very very simple.

I'll do this. I'll do this quickly. So the fleischincade score is a readability test. It shows how readable um text is and ultimately without getting into the Nitty Gritty details the lower the score the easier to read now there the lower the score the lower the FK score is the easier to read I was first introduced to the FK score by Mark Ford the mac daddy behind Agora and You know, so the idea is that you want a like Mark would copy Chief up-and-coming copyrighters and he would say when they would send over their copy. The very first thing that he would do is he would run it through the flights concave score and I think back then if it wasn't a six or lower if I'm not mistaken if it wasn't a six or lower in grade level, he would send it immediately back to the copyright or he would not even critique it so it had to have a score of six or lower.

Right? And so and there's tons of you could just FK score flash Kincaid score on Google there's tons of free free tools. I believe it's it's a version of it. It's built into the Hemingway app, which is free. And so you're ultimately looking for the lowest score the lowest score right and it's based ultimately on things like sentence length, right?

So how many words in a particular sentence it's based on. Excuse me. It's based on. Um, like the number of adverbs that you have in a in a sentence, it's based on the number that like how many multi-syllable words do you have in there? Right.

So it's this combination it's looking for how long is are the sentences? You know, like how many words are there in there? How many syllables are there in the words in there? How many adverbs do you have? on well to the feeling of being manipulated period period God Yeah, well, it's like look like you still have the freedom to you're not being tracked like right it's not you know, it's not this, um highly aggressive, you know, like, you know, you know, you need to do this for your family.

If you want to be a good father you'll order my you know, my my copywriting training right now because good fathers do that. Right? Like people are like, yeah dude, like back off like easy, right? And so and that's an extreme example, but you have to understand right? Like we could come up with examples, right extremely examples of when when people would feel manipulated when like everybody in this room would know that's hard core manipulation, but there are there are levels to that that people are also aware of and I'm trying to avoid you know, like I'm not I'm just trying to I'm here it is.

Here's the you decide like you decide you decide if you see what I see you decide if everything that I said is is like is extremely exciting to you not me trying to shove you right because what happens when we're shoved, it's we're gonna push back right? We're gonna push back and so hmm. You know the perception of being coerced manipulated persuaded or sold trigger Psychological reactants, which reduces the likelihood of compliance which is compliance in this case means responding positively taking advantage of your your CTA the perception of freedom of choice produces the greatest compliance. This is why you want a mask or hide even subdue. Why did I say subdue?

I mean, sometimes you gotta like tone it down. opponent The copy which feels overtly manipulative within your marketing message, right? Like there are things when you know what people buy from what's the old the old saying people buy from people they what, No, like and Trust right? No, like and Trust there are things like a Salesman. I don't care how great the product or service is.

If I feel like he's hardcore trying to manipulate me into buying I'm out. No freaking way not no way. And reality is is that like sometimes you got to tone it down. This is not saying that like look all copy is manipulative. Like if you really want to boil it down all copy is manipulative all kinds All Copy is about persuasion.

It's about shaping beliefs shaping perspectives stimulating emotions, right? It's all that I'm talking about here. Is that masking and hiding it and sometimes when you are too overt boom reactants, they push back. Some tone it down. Tone it down.

This is there's a huge difference between you know, saying things being explicit and being implicit. Right. There are ways to communicate things without just coming out and saying like if you don't buy this, you're a terrible father. You know what? I mean, like right like that ain't working but there are ways to to imply that there are ways to to slip that in right and so you you know, we laugh in here we can joke around about that and I might not have seen copy from folks that says you'll be a terrible father if you don't buy this right, but I've seen versions of that.

And all throughout the copy, it's crazy. All right. The next thing is the the idea that I see this mistake of like. Somebody will I used to be on coaching calls with E5 folks with groups of E5 clients. And we would do these copy critiques and I would say I'd read a paragraph and I'm like, I don't I don't understand what you're trying to say here.

Right? It's like a paragraph six lines whatever attacks and I said, I don't I don't understand what we what were you trying to say here? And they would say oh, I was trying to say that, you know, they'll meet their soulmate. whatever Why didn't you just say that? Why why the need for all this like I don't get it.

You just you gave this whole big long textbook answer and you're telling me what you're ultimately trying to communicate was you'll meet your soulmate. Well, why didn't you just say you'll meet your soulmate? And so this is right like again this goes to often I say for the majority of folks. I say just say it man. Just say it.

Stop trying to write copy and just say what you're trying to communicate. This is um, what is that a pomelo how many of you know what that is? You would know. Do you know what that is? No, okay, so I'll tell you what, it is a pomelo Citrus Maxima or Citrus grandis is a citrus fruit native to Southeast Asia.

It is usually pale green to Yellow when ripe with sweet white or more rarely pink or red flesh and a very thick spongy rind. It is the largest citrus fruit 15 by 25 centimeters in diameter and usually weighing one to two kilograms. Well Pamela's basically a super-sized grapefruit with a very thick and soft rind. simplify the freaking explanation man Right a confused Prospect doesn't buy. Right and oftentimes what you have to you know, you might say.

Makes total sense to me, right? That'd be Damien makes total sense to me. You ain't the prospect my friend. Right. You're not the prospect.

They don't get it. You're on a 10 you're on a two. Right, we often think I'm on a 10 they're on an eight. They're not on an eight. And so you've got to simplify your job is to simplify.

Not make more complex and so simple every day explanations. I don't want the technical explanation. I want the everyday man's explanation. Use their terms their words the simplest words good. Such as like I mean, I I guess there could be.

You know, like I guess if we said, you know, I I would say that like look if we said, you know a pomelo is a fruit. Well, that doesn't communicate what we ultimately want to communicate. Right and so I would say this the probably a better answer for you is I've yet to see a campaign. So simplified that it doesn't work. I've only seen them in the opposite direction all complex.

Like I don't even know what you're freaking saying here, right? And I want you to understand that sometimes often. It's this combination of what I said earlier that like, you're not leading them anywhere and your stuff is complex. So like you're explaining stuff, but I'm not even sure what you're explaining and I'm not even sure why you're explaining it. I'm not even sure why you're explaining it here.

Right like and and so right it's the the structure like what are you ultimately it's always what are you ultimately doing? I'm getting them to believe and understand that the unique mechanism is different and Superior to every other option. And now I want to communicate that and demonstrate that in the simplest clearest pythiest manner that I possibly can. make sense And I know that this is you know, like you guys this is you've got to start to look at your stuff and you've got to start to ask yourself is this as simple and clear as I can make it? Is this as simple and clear as I can make it?

So this is a little this is now where we we're gonna get into a little bit of writing. And again, these are not hard and fast rules. But this is there are these little things that again I enjoy writing. I like writing I like, you know to this day learning about better writing. Why because I like Clarity.

I like making things clear. I like making things more understandable. I want to make things easier to read and consume and a joy for people to read and consume. I also want to make sure that people understand what it is that is being communicated. Right just because just because you put words to paper words in aument Words in an email doesn't and it makes sense to you doesn't mean it's gonna make sense to other people there are I I wish it wasn't the case but there are certainly there are you know, some people right in in a certain way and you don't understand exactly what's going on.

It's small little mistakes like, um gym hit gym slap Tim. Let's do this gym slap, Teddy. Jim slapped, Teddy Because he was mean. Who was mean? Was it Jim or was it Teddy?

Huh? Yeah. Well in this case for sure we know it's Teddy. Right, but you see that little and it's that little thing that little thing it might seem like oh God grammar lessons English 101, but I I see this all the time where it's hard to follow where little things like somebody will mention, you know, like somebody will will mention a few things and then later on they'll say and that's why blah blah. What's why what are you referring to?

I'm not sure what you're you're referring back to just like the whole gym slap Teddy because he was mean who's mean right? I I can't follow you and like look you have to understand that right you think well, you know, don't worry, they'll figure it out. Like they'll get to it. I'm gonna explain it later on they're gone. They're gone.

I believe today people have eaten less patience. We have less less opportunity. Right? Like they you're confused. I'm out.

I'm out. If I if I you lost me on this paragraph. I'm not gonna try to figure out the rest. I don't want to do work. I don't want to I don't want this to be a mental exercise.

This is supposed to be a joy. Right. And so this is just about making sure that this this little thing is a simple technique that you can use this all this isn't always the answer, right? But look at this the keyboard just watch this. Listen to me.

The keyboard is on front of the desk. The camera is behind the monitors and the death supports the microphone. Like it's all over the place, right? It's hard to follow wait. The keyboard is on the front of the desk.

The camera is behind the monitors in the desk supports the the microphone like it's all over the place verse the keyboard is on the front of the desk the desk supports the microphone. The microphone is in front of the monitors and Camera. Now you'll notice that all I'm doing here is I'm picking up the next sentence with what I ended right is. Let me see here. The keyboard is on the front of the desk.

The desk supports the microphone. The microphone is in front of the Monitor and camera versus the keyboard is on the front of the desk the cameras behind the monitors and the desk supports the the microphone what I'm just trying to show you is that you've got to have some coherence to what it is that you're saying. They've got to be able to follow it in the top one. Right and ultimately we're communicating the same thing here, but in the top one, it's like three disconnected thoughts. Right and it becomes hard to follow somebody reads a sentence like that.

I can't even picture that in my mind. I'm freaking out and while this is a basic right while this is a basic demonstration of basic example, you've got to make sure that you've got flow in your copy that you're not just you don't just have these disjointed disconnected thoughts put down in print there's got to be coherence. It's got to be going somewhere every sentence connects to the next sentence every paragraph connects to the next paragraph, right every chunk of copy feeds into the next chunk of copy and is fed by the by the prior chunk of copy and it's all driven by that framework of I'm leading them somewhere right? Like it's all there to serve a purpose when I said earlier when Damian said I like how lean Kyle's copy is again what he was saying was that there was nothing Superfluous in there. There was nothing unnecessary.

There was nothing that you looked at it and you were like why is it even going there with that? Like what is he even saying like, what's the relevance of that at no point do you ever say like, what's the relevant to that? You know what the relevance is because it's all tightly woven. It's all serving a purpose. It's all moving down and it's all flowing together.

This is why and this is a little deep. You can actually there's a lot of information out there on this. But that's why I want to be careful that I don't get too deep because I could certainly the the writing nerds will love this. The non writing nerds will will despise this but there is what's called in in copy in writing. There are coherence markers meaning there are words that you use that that bridge the gap between that that kind of that that bridge the gap between thoughts and I'm gonna I'm gonna show you this in just a second.

Um, like there are there are what what are called causal coherence markers it causal coherence marker is when we say this is easy and the cause of it being easy is XYZ. Well, we would use a cohere a causal coherence marker like because we say this is easy because XYZ Right. And so that's a coherence Mark. So in the mind the mind is able to process that the reason why Gary Benz of Angus said the word because is one of the most powerful words in copy is because what comes after it in the human mind is viewed as proof evidence support. It's a causal connection.

I know right that this is true because of this there's a connection right? But now imagine if you if you took the um, if you took that that causal marker out if you took out because and you just had these two different statements, right like right now you don't have that same viewed relationship it no, you could say the same two things and this second thing no longer serves as evidence or proof. Why because we took out the causal coherence marker. Same thing with temporal right temporal is this is time is right, like, you know, I you know, I I kicked in the door then ran to the bathroom, you know, what happens first and what happens second right? Like, you know the the time period you know, the timeline right like, you know after the bathroom then I you understand those words are what allow you to take seemingly disjointed disconnected thoughts and ideas and bring them together.

This has massive implication in marketing and advertising check this out. This one. I actually put up here if anybody's interested in seeing this there's an entire paper on this from Dove, right? And so check this out on the on the left. Your Skin's natural oils.

Keep it silky and supple as you age. It becomes less elastic in the production of oil slows down aging can cause dull dehydrated skin. It's essential to replenish replenish the Lost moisture with a natural soothing alternative Dove leaves your body clean and smooth it contains 10 times more natural oil than regular shower gels. This is absent of those coherence markers. Then you've got this your Skin's natural oils.

Keep it silky and supple. But as you age your skin becomes less elastic in the production of oil slows down that is why aging can cause dull dehydrated skin. So it's essential to replenish the Lost moisture within with a natural soothing alternative Dove leaves your body clean and smooth because Dove contains 10 times more natural oils than regular shower gels. It's one was like a 4X that one. Virtually the same the same message.

This like you gotta you gotta understand this. This is you know, like this is going back to You know like John said near and dear to my heart syllogism syllogism is a is is a type of deductive argument. It's the the form of a deductive argument and everyone. I want to get too deep here, but every one of you know what this form is is naturally right? It's this idea that um that that like let's let's do all dogs have ears.

All dogs have ears what everybody agree with that? Is that true? All dogs have ears. German Shepherds are dogs. That's true.

therefore German Shepherds have ears Is that true? Yes. Kevin's looking at me like well. God what do you mean? extra storage Okay.

Yeah, right. That's right. That's what you call right? That's that's a syllogism right that is and it right it's but it's fallacious. Why is it fallacious?

It's fallacious because the conclude we're gonna actually talk about this why because the conclusion doesn't draw from the premises, right? And so you're gonna see I'm gonna talk about that in just a second right and you know, John you chime in it at any point the point that I was really just making in this little example is the a key word in what I said when I said that all dogs have ears, right? All dogs have and you like look, You'll see in arguments in arguments. I love arguments. I love argumentation argumentation.

Isn't this heated? Right? Like, you know, your wife says pick up your your socks and you say like, you know, like I will in a moment. I never have that argument by the way ever with my life. Uh, it's right.

It's when you're you're you're ultimately trying to establish a thesis. You're ultimately you've got a perspective you've got to stance and you're presenting evidence rationale reasons and Logic for why that should be that should be accepted. I you know, you've got some people some arguments where they'll so the first two all all dogs have ears, right and German Shepherds are dogs. Those are what are what genre to as those are that's a premise. And I'm I'm using those for the third statement which is what the conclusion write the conclusion and so right sometimes what you've got is you've got a valid argument structure where premise number one is.

Um, there's premise number one. There's premise number two, right and there's a conclusion but one of the premises is false. Right, like, you know, you know, sometimes you have where a premise it's just not true. Right? So it's a fallacious argument because the the premise isn't true that's not accurate.

So if if the premise was true, then the conclusion that you drew is that but the premise one of the premises is false, right? Then sometimes you also have the the opposite where you've got this like your argument, you know, you're where you've got the two premises are true. But you just drew a faulty conclusion, right? Like all dogs. You know, all dogs have ears German Shepherds or dogs.

Therefore Kevin's dog. Like well what that where did you even get that from? Where did Kevin come in from the like it's it's a whole you know, you see you see that. What was that? That's what I'm about to talk about ironically.

And so um, so that's a you know, that's when and there don't don't even get these like I I love the topic so much because it really is truly at the root of really ultimately what we're what we're doing. It's why if you talk to John Ford John will tell you John highly recommend study understand argumentation because it's at the foundation of being able to lead somebody to see what it is that we need them to see and ultimately in all marketing campaigns. That's what we're doing you're making claims and then you're presenting evidence. That's ultimately right. You're ultimately presenting an argument, right?

That's your you are ultimately presenting. Um, Presenting an argument the reason why I even brought up that that example is because in the third statement when we said all dogs have ears German Shepherds are dogs. They're A little bit of copy then, you know a whole long sales letter but nevertheless I try to reduce vague General statements. The book is comprehensive. What does that mean?

This book covers 642 topics. a little bit more concrete it's bigger than any other conference. that mean gets a thousand more attendees in the next biggest conference. I mean probably could do this better. Right but you're looking for concrete.

You're not looking for vague generalities. They General statements roll off the back of prospects. And so you got to look at your copy and you got to look for vague General statements. Turn numerical to images. It's very difficult to really grasp.

But many of you you likely know most of these it's very difficult to grasp a numerical measurement to be able to picture it in your mind. Right like he shot the ball 300 yards. It's very hard to put like picture 300 yards. Right. He shot the ball three football fields.

dang Right, like wow. Okay. Now I could picture three football fields back to back. There were 68,590 people there think I think that's a lot sounds like a lot. There were enough people there to fill three stadiums.

Right, you get the point you see that like ultimately I'm taking numerical indicators that are very difficult to picture in the Mind's Eye numerical numerical indicators are difficult to picture in the Mind's Eye and I'm giving them something to picture in their Mind's Eye. Remember, I I believe and you've heard me say this before that copy. We we elicit emotions through copy a number of different ways. But the core way that we really elicit emotion is by giving giving our prospects the ability to Envision the picture that we're painting for them in their minds eye when they can picture when they're able to sit back and envision it in their minds eye like waking up every day going and opening up their gmails and seeing sale after sale after sale, right and as they're even looking another sale pops up right and being able to have the conversation with their spouse and like right being able to picture that in their minds eye, but if our descriptions are vague and general where they can't Up in their minds eye right now. They don't have the same visceral emotional response, right?

Because it's the ability to Envision it to imagine it. That's why even in copy as a command even an NLP command even the right imagine. You wake up on Monday. And what what now what what you're gonna do right? Like ultimately if you said imagine you're now gonna paint a concrete picture for them of what they can experience.

You're not going to give some vague description. Right? Like, you know, imagine a robust system like you can't picture that you can't imagine that and when you can't imagine it, you don't have the same visceral emotional response. And so we are the directors of the movie playing in their minds eye. That's why we want concrete dimensional language concrete dimensional language.

That's why Clayton said nobody just pulls out a gun right pulled out a gun. Well what the handgun rifle big huge, you know AR-15, you know new hunting rifle with a scope Chris right? You never know. and so the point it right like it's hard to hard to picture when you're when you're what do you mean? Yeah, like Right, not the campaign did three suitcases of cash.

No. Right, like right. No. uh three duffel bags of singles Sure, of course. So the question that I always ask them when I see something like that as I say you made that statement.

to a room full of 30 people with all of them understand exactly what you're trying to say what they start drawing their own conclusions because Just as bad as them mentally checking out. is them painting a different picture in their mind then you actually want to pay for them. Yeah. So like Todd's up here right now. We're all this room.

There's a screen back there. I know we'll call the shirt. He's got on we'll call it every single one of us perceiving this experience slightly different and objectives here, right? Yeah. So imagine what happens when you start talking about things that are more subjective how people can go in different directions yesterday when you told the story about those guys used to work out with he told us the guys nationality.

I used to work out with these two Cuban guys. It's kind of had a real militant, you know type of way about it painted a clear. I know exactly the type of guy he was talking about there's no way I was a mistake in that guy for a short. Chubby white guy like me right different guy, right? You also because you roll with guy like, you know some up north man from you know, Staten Island Jersey you get it the interesting thing too.

Well Paul said is so is so spot on you could also even challenge yourself, right? Like, you know when Paul said like, you know would you know, if you said it to a room of people would there be a different image in their mind right? First of all, I'm gonna throw out one word, right? I'm gonna I'm gonna give you one word and I want you to which is sometimes is often used in
