---
title: "Top 10 Unique Mechanism Mistakes with Todd Brown  2025-11-04 23:01:50"
date: 2025-11-05
duration: 1h 53m
duration_seconds: 6834
vimeo_id: 1133684804
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Top 10 Unique Mechanism Mistakes with Todd Brown  2025-11-04 23:01:50

**Date:** 2025-11-05 | **Duration:** 1h 53m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Yo-yo Going on, buddy. What's the good word, man? We're gonna probably have a few, uh, people coming in late just because, um, the link on the order on the, uh, registration page, it like wasn't, it wasn't clicking. So I, I took, I removed the link, so folks are gonna have to copy and paste it to put it into, um, into the browser. Okay.

That's cool. I'm gonna, I'm gonna roll anyway, and folks will be able to watch the, the recording. Just wanna make sure that this is being recorded. It is, yes. And so we will rock and roll, uh, and whoever jumps on, jumps on, and whoever watches the recording will watch the, um, the recording.

So you guys and gals are in the right spot for, for those of you that are here. Um, and this is the, this is a special training on the top 10 mistakes that entrepreneurs and marketers make with the unique mechanism. And I'm gonna walk you through, you know, a slide deck. I actually prepared a special slide deck just for you guys and gals, just for this training. And, uh, and we're gonna have fun.

This is really, you know, this is one of the most valuable topics, not just, I mean, you know, not just the mistakes, if you will, but the unique mechanism in general. Um, hang on one second. Why is my, is it just me or, uh, lemme just see something here. Why does my camera look like crazy, like yellow? Is it this light?

No, it's not. Uh, Did you, did you change a, uh, a setting on the camera maybe without realizing it? No, I Probably did. And, uh, so you guys will just, you know, you Look fine. The Background's got a little bit of a yellow to it, but you, you look like, you look like jacked up Todd Brown, which is, Oh gosh.

Oh gosh. This is What we, this is what the Todd Brown we know and love. All right? Uh, well, I'll take it and I'll roll with it, especially if it makes me look jacked up. Um, then I'm gonna, I'm gonna take it.

Um, and so, all kidding aside, this is one of the most important topics because there is no more valuable, more important marketing asset than the unique mechanism today. I, you know, I was, I forget who I was talking to the other day, but I was really talking about, and this kind of just popped into my head, that I don't, I, I cannot recall reviewing a winning, uh, campaign. A winning VSLA winning long form sales letter across multiple markets in a very long time that did not have a distinct and dialed unique mechanism. It is what separates the biggest campaigns from the average. It's like, right, the, the businesses that are able to acquire 500, 800, a thousand buyers a day, right?

The ones that are able to invest millions of dollars a year in ad spend and do it day after day, after day after day, are the ones that are using most effectively unique mechanisms. And they get the nuances, they get the nitty gritty details, and they avoid these mistakes. And the people that don't like, avoid these mistakes, uh, for first of all, the people that don't. The, the marketers, the entrepreneurs that don't know the unique mechanism, they're at a, a gross disadvantage. The ones that do or think that they do and make these mistakes end up shooting themselves in the, in the foot, right?

And so, what it is that, uh, that we're, we're gonna be talking about here are these little subtle mistakes that I see marketers and entrepreneurs make when they first learn the unique mechanism that really takes away all of the impact and power from the unique mechanism. Like, it almost renders the unique mechanism relatively worthless some of these mistakes. Um, and so you wanna avoid them. And so we're gonna go through these. I'm gonna do the best that I can to really explain these to you.

There, there are 10 of them. There are not 10 mistakes, but there are, these are the top 10. There are many more than just 10. These are the 10. Then depending, we'll save a little time in the end for, um, for questions.

And then we will, um, end the night and, and send you on your way with a whole lot more to think about. And so, and of course, my companion here, Paul, who is equally, uh, you know, an equal level expert on this topic as I am, uh, as probably now today, worked with more clients on the development of their unique mechanism, their winning unique mechanism than I have. We'll be here to fill in any gaps, uh, address any, any missing pieces, uh, that I don't cover super well, and answer any questions that you guys might just have that you might pop into the chat. And so, with that, let's go over here and let's do this. And so you guys should be able to, you can see my, my screen?

Mm-hmm. Yes, sir. Okay. I wanna start off, before we dive into these mistakes with a quick overview of the unique mechanism. I know that everybody on here, you know, recently, um, invested in the, what was the name of the bundle?

Paul? Uh, it was the unique mechanism, genius, GPT bundle. Correct. Okay. And so you, you know, hopefully e everybody on here, everybody that's listening to this, everybody that's watching the recording understands at least the basics of a unique mechanism.

But I wanna try to very quickly give you a high level overview, but that paints a full picture of the unique mechanism. So the whole reason really, the, the, the, the, the, the main reason why we use a unique mechanism is for meaningful differentiation in marketing. Meaningful differentiation is, is critical. Separating what it is that you have to offer from every other solution, every other option out there in the marketplace. Every other option that your prospect has to alleviate their problem besides, um, besides your product, the unique, the unique mechanism is how we meaningfully differentiate what you have to offer compared to all those other options.

Now, meaningfully differentiate is the thing. It's not just about differentiation, as you're gonna see meaningful differentiation in this context, is that the difference between what it is that you offer and all the other options out there, um, is in that it produces a benefit for the prospect, in other words, or for the, for the prospective customer. For the customer, in other words, right? That what makes yours different is not just a cosmetic difference, it is a, an actual, you know, causal difference. It causes a different experience for the prospect, and that experience for the prospect or or the customer, is a better outcome, right?

Is a superior result. And so, right, there are only two ways to meaningfully differentiate today in marketing, there's the unique selling proposition, the USP, and there's the unique mechanism. And even though they both use the word unique, they are vastly different tools. A unique selling proposition is ultimately when you, your product, your service, your solution offers a unique benefit that other competing product services and solutions, uh, don't offer. In other words, when your product or service delivers a benefit that the prospect that the marketplace cares about, and your product or service is the only one that delivers that benefit, you have a unique selling proposition.

You have a USP unfortunately today, uh, even though USPS have been talked about since really the, the beginning of the direct response era, if you will, uh, that USPS are rare today. And they're usually only seen with disruptive technologies, like, right? Uh, the example that I use all the time is like Uber, when Uber first hit the scene, right? Uh, right, they had a variety of usps, right? Like, you didn't need cash, right?

You could see when your ride was gonna arrive. Uh, like all these, all these different things, right? Uh, and today, of course, many of those usps, if not all, those USPS, are no longer usps because there are other ride sharing, um, companies, right? Uh, but at, at the time, those were usps, but you, again, they're very rare. And so, even though the, the idea of a USP, a unique selling proposition gets talked, uh, uh, talked about and tossed around, still to this day, they're very rare in the true sense of the word USP.

And so we're left with one other option for meaningful differentiation, and that's the unique mechanism. Now, what's different about the unique mechanism from the USP is that the unique mechanism is not about presenting a unique benefit. It's not about making a unique promise. It's not about being able to deliver an outcome to the prospect, uh, or to the customer that, uh, they can't get from any other solution. Instead, the unique mechanism is about how your product or service works to deliver the result.

In other words, it's the engine behind the car, behind the solution. It's the reason why your solution, your product, your service, is able to deliver the outcome, the same outcome, uh, as other options out there, but do it in a superior way. Do it either faster, do it either, uh, um, safer, more reliably, right? More predictably, uh, more consistently, one of those, many of those, right? So the unique mechanism is not a unique benefit.

It's the unique way that your product or service works to deliver the result. And, and so it creates meaningful differentiation because ultimately we're saying what's different about your product or service is the unique mechanism, the way it works to produce the result, and the way that it works to produce the result, um, is superior. In other words, it produ it's superior to the other mechanisms, to the other solutions, to the other offers, to the other products out there. And so because of that, it gives the prospect, uh, a level of hope, a level of excitement that, right, all of the things that they tried before, right? They might have failed because they didn't work the way that your unique mechanism does, right?

And so, your unique mechanism may be the answer, may be the thing that they've been missing all this time may be the reason why they're now going to experience the result that they want. And so it gives them a deep sense of hope. It differentiates what it is that you are offering from everybody else. It tells them what's different about yours compared to everybody else's in a meaningful way, a way that benefits them, that they're most interested in, which is experiencing the outcome in a, in a, in a superior way. And in the process, it gives them a deep feeling of hope, excitement.

That's the unique mechanism. And that is why, right? It's, it is as you're gonna, you're gonna see this today, right? It is. The beauty is, is that to use kind of vernacular that originates with Dan Kennedy and then later picked up by our buddy Russell Brunson, right?

It is not about improvement. It's not about enhancing, you know, it's not about a, a little improvement. Like ours is better because we don't have two dials, we have three dials, or ours is better because instead of, you know, one, um, one book, we give you two books. No, ours is not improvement. Ours is replacement.

We're giving them something new and different in terms of the way that it works to produce the result. That's the unique mechanism. And so that's what it is that we are talking about. And so, with that as the backdrop, now, let's get to the first of the top 10 mistakes. The first mistake.

And these are not in order of importance or damage in any way. These are in an order that you'll mo, you'll, you'll be able to see this, um, flow. These are all equally damaging in their, in their potential. This first mistake is, is trying to create the unique mechanism, or creating a unique mechanism, or developing a unique mechanism, or identifying a unique mechanism, or choosing a unique mechanism absent of any pri proper diagnostic of the marketplace. You see, most marketers, right?

Most entrepreneurs start with what's unique about their, their product, their service, their solution, right? What it is that they're offering, excuse me. Instead of starting with what does the market believe right now? What, what is, what does the market believe about their problem? What does the market believe about the cause of their problem, the source of their problem?

What does the market believe about other solutions out there about the, the shortcomings of the other solutions, about the value of other solutions, about what solutions are really, uh, are really they view as the best? What solutions do they view as the worst? See, it, it, you know, it's trying to develop or identify the perfect, unique mechanism absent of understanding what the marketplace is already seen and what the marketplace already believes as it relates to their problem and the cause of their problem. And the ideal solution for their problem is like a fool's errand, if you will. Like marketers, ul ultimately end up inventing a mechanism without first identifying what the prospect currently believes is causing the problem that the mechanism needs to solve and eliminate, right?

Remember a couple things here. One is that, right? We're in the business marketing offering, products offering, you know, s services offering solutions, right? When we say solutions in this context, right? Ultimately what we're talking about here is we're talking about right, solving problems.

That's what we are doing. We're we're eliminating, we're solving problems for prospective customers. Now, problems fall under one of two categories, right? I talk about this all the time in, um, in, uh, the E five masterclass. Uh, right?

They fall under two different categories. One is, right, what we typically think of as a problem, which is a pain point, a discomfort, a frustration, um, that we want to alleviate, right? Like that we wanna get rid of. Um, that's one category of a problem. Another category of a problem is when you have an unfulfilled desire and you don't know how to fulfill that desire.

So it's not necessarily that there is a pain point or discomfort or disappointment or frustration, it's maybe that, right? You want abs and you don't know how to get abs, or right? You want a green, lush lawn, and you're not sure what to do, right? Like, it's not like your lawn is disgusting and it's embarrassing, and it's the worst in your neighborhood, and you're getting letters and fines about it. It just, maybe you've always wanted an impressive green lawn and you're unsure how to go about it.

That's an unfulfilled, um, desire. Well, we are in the business, right? Of solving problems ultimately, really the right way to say this, and I want you to just think about this. Write this down. If, for those of you that are, that are taking notes, that the right way to really think about this is, we're not just in the problem solving business.

We're in the business of solving problems that prospects know they have and want solved. That's an important distinction. It really goes beyond the scope of this particular training. But it's worth noting, and it's worth, it's worth me saying, and it's worth you noting that we're, we're not, like, we're not just in the business of solving problems. We're in the business of solving problems, right?

That the prospect is aware that they have and that they want solved. What we don't wanna do is, right, like we're not in the business of solving problems or trying to solve problems, or trying to sell solutions to, to solve problems that the prospect doesn't know that they have and doesn't want, uh, and therefore doesn't want, um, solved. But I'm sharing this kind of in this context of the unique mechanism and the mistake, because how do you design the ideal, compelling, attractive solution, unique mechanism? How do you decide what is the right, like the right mechanism if you don't understand what the prospect sees as their problem, right? What the prospect believes is their problem, what the prospect believes is causing their problem, right?

See, ultimately, you need to understand the market's beliefs about their problem and the cause of their problem and solutions before you attempt to create your design, your engineer, your develop your unique mechanism. And so, right? Like, understand that every unique mechanism must replace an underlying belief. It's not just there to present information, it's there to change a belief, to frame a different belief or right. Introduce and frame a different belief.

And so we're not just right, we're not just presenting information. We're not, it's not just like, Hey, here, you know, it can't be disconnected in other words, right? Without beating this, you know, dead horse, right? We, we can't, you can't separate the unique mechanism from the prospect's problem and what they believe is the problem and what they believe is causing the problem and what they believe is the ideal solution they have to be attached. And when you don't go through the, the, the full diagnostic step, the full examination stage of the E five method, if you will, right?

Well, then you don't have the full, the full details. It would kind of be like to me, right? A doctor who, like, who doesn't do a full exam, maybe checks your ears and checks your nose and then makes a, you know, prescription. Well, right? That's grounds for malpractice.

It's grounds for malpractice when a doctor prescribes without diagnosing. And it's also grounds from malpractice when a di a doctor misdiagnoses, right? Um, and, and makes a prescription. That's the same thing that ultimately we are talking about here. And so the diagnostic step tells you which false cause your message must destroy.

In other words, ultimately, right? Uh, if you skip this step, you'll have a unique mechanism that sounds a lot more clever than what it really is. It sounds clever, but it's irrelevant as it relates to solving the problem that the prospect wants solved, which is ultimately why they're interested in our product or service in the first place. And so, this is very simple. I'll tell you that for what it's worth, that you know, that you could expand on this mistake and really enlarge this to a marketing campaign as a whole.

One of the biggest mistakes that entrepreneurs and marketers make is not fully getting a deep understanding of their marketplace, is not getting clarity, is not getting deep insight into what makes the marketplace tick, what they want, their desires, what they consider to be a perfect solution, what they don't consider to be a perfect solution, what they don't want in a solution. What are their emotions and feelings as it relates to their, um, their, their, their problem? What are their emotions and feelings as it relates to the available solutions that are out there? Which solutions do they like? Which solutions don't they like?

What do they wish they were being offered, uh, or feel that they should be offered that they're not being currently being offered? What are the beliefs that they have, right? That could impact how they view, um, the world around them and certain solutions and certain messages, um, and whatnot, right? Like all of these things on a deep level, you need to understand, and you can never know and understand too much about your prospect. Like there is no such thing.

The more that you understand about your prospect, the better the marketing can be, because the more you can match your message to the, the market to that audience, right? And like, this is where some of the most effective marketers, some of the best marketing campaigns, the amount of research that went into it, what could be four times the amount of time that it, that it took to write it. In other words, usually what most people don't understand is that when a campaign, let's say a campaign takes a month, like a, a promotion takes a month to write the copy for, well, for the I I'll tell you that for the average, for the typical for the struggling entrepreneurs, right? They'll, the majority of that time is spent writing. It could be one week of research and three weeks of writing for the, um, killers out there.

It's the reverse. It's three weeks of research and one week of writing, right? It's three weeks of, of, of, of diving in, of surveying, of looking at Reddit, of looking at Amazon reviews, of extracting comments from YouTube and uploading them to chat GPT, and then doing an assessment of their, um, of their emotional appeal. It's right, validating your ideas through the deep examination and research. And so this certainly applies to a unique, to a unique mechanism.

We could even take this a step further. 'cause this is just about diagnosing, understanding what the prospects believe about their problem, the cause of their problem, and the, and the different solutions out there. We also, of course, need to do the examination to understand what are the mechanisms that are being offered by competitors? Where do those mechanisms fall short? Where are the gaps in those mechanisms, right?

What's the, what's the, the underlying cause that those mechanisms, uh, are, are, are addressing and solving, right? What's the argument or proof behind those, those mechanisms, right? All of those things help to inform what it is that we do in the marketing presentation, in the marketing message for our unique mechanism. And so this is very simple, almost this is a foundational mistake that you see next. And Paul, if you've got anything to add at any point, you jump in, brother.

Next is confusing the product with the mechanism. And this is a common one when for folks that are new to the idea of the unique mechanism, they often kind of blur the line between the product and the unique mechanism. They don't quite understand that the product and the mechanism, the unique mechanism, are not the same thing. That the product contains the unique mechanism. The product is powered by the unique mechanism.

Um, uh, but the product is not the unique mechanism. So, right? In order to get the benefit of the unique mechanism, you have to buy the product or take advantage of the offer. But the product itself and the unique mechanism are not one in, in the same. And so this is why, as a side note, and we're gonna cover this in a later mistake, this is why we can present a rock solid, airtight logical and emotional argument that proves the superiority of the unique mechanism without ever talking about the product, right?

Without ever talking about our product or service, and only talking about the product or service. After we've proven that the unique mechanism is the superior way for the prospect to get the result, would we then talk about the, um, the, the, uh, the product or the, the, the service? And so, right, in that case, right? Like you, you've gotta recognize that the unique mechanism is separate from the product. And so the point here is that the product is what you sell.

The mechanism is why it works better than others, right? And that's an important thing, right? The product is what you sell. The service is what you, is what you sell. The mechanism is why that product or that service works better than the other products or services, then the, other than the competitive offers out there, right?

It's why your product or service works and is better. It explains the causal link between the problem and the result. In other words, right? The mechanism is the link between how do I go from problem to result, from problem to outcome. What takes you right there is really ultimately the unique mechanism through the product, through the product, you get to access, utilize, benefit from the unique mechanism with the product, with the, with the service.

It's the unique mechanism in the product, in the service that goes, uh, that brings you from problem to result. And so, hopefully, hopefully that makes sense to everybody. Look, the the reality is, right, that today, right? Like prospects don't care about the product. They don't care about the product, they don't care about the service, they care about why it works better than the other options, right?

Like, in other words, they're not what, what, they're not what I mean by this, right? And I want to clarify this. What I mean by this is that they're, they're less interested in the different features of the product, unless those features are clearly tied to explaining why your product or service works better than the other options to give them the outcome, the result, the transformation that they want. That's the thing that they ultimately want answered, right? What they want answered is why yours?

Why should I choose yours over the others? Right? And they ultimately, what they want to see in the answer is that yours is going to deliver a better result, that yours is going to work better than the others at producing the transformation that yours is gonna be faster, that yours is gonna be easier, that yours is gonna be maybe cheaper, that yours is gonna be more reliable, that yours is gonna be right, longer lasting, that yours is gonna be right, like a, a superior, that yours is gonna be superior. That's what they want. You have to recognize gang, right?

That nobody wants an inferior product. Nobody intentionally sets out to buy the third best anything, right? Nobody's looking for the third best way to lose weight. No one's looking for the fourth best way to drive traffic to their website, right? Go.

Like, there aren't a whole lot of searches for that on, on Google. And so, right, what they ultimately wanna know is why yours, right? And the, what they're looking for is not well, because ours has been around for 20 years and everybody else's has been around for 15, not because ours is sold in 85 different countries, and most others are only sold in 55 countries, not because ours comes with gorgeous, you know, four color, um, manuals, and everybody else's is black and white. No, the only reason why they care about features is when it delivers benefits, right? And they can understand how all of these things combine to deliver a better result for them.

And so you gotta understand that, that that's what we're we're talking about here. So saying our supplement or our course, you know, or our workshop is the mechanism kills differentiation. That, that, that is not differentiation, that's not meaningful differentiation in other words, right? Like, in other words, you, you have to understand, I want you to, I want you to recognize this. Remember, go back to the, the, that that first bullet there, that the mechanism is why it works better than, than, um, than the other options, than the other mechanisms, the other products, the other solutions out there, right?

It's why it works better. It's not just what's different about it, it's not right? Like when people say, well, what, like, what's the unique mechanism? And people will say, well, you know, it's that, you know, I'm the teacher and I combine, you know, expert level presentation skills as well as, you know, I used to be a gymnasium teacher, and so I have a unique perspective on life that I bring in there, right? And no, unless that unique perspective allowed you to create a unique methodology system, process approach that produces a better result, nobody cares.

That's the reality. They do not care. And so, right, like merely saying that, like, you know, the supplement or the course, the, the way we put together the course is the, is the unique mechanism. No, that's not a unique mechanism because the unique mechanism is why your course is able to produce the result that you're promising better than any other option out there. And so the question is like, what's the unseen engine behind your solution?

That's really the way to to think about it, right? Like you're, you're really like, if you wanna think about it, right? You're selling the car, but the unique mechanism is the engine, right? It's the engine. It's the thing that powers the vehicle.

It's the thing, right? The vehicle gets you from point A to point point B. If you took out the engine, it wouldn't work that way, right? Or if you put in a different engine, your experience from going from point A to point B would be vastly different. It might be slower, it might be bumpier, it might be louder, right?

Like, might be more uncomfortable, right? Whatever. And so it's, right, the unique mechanism is the engine underneath the car, which is the, um, the product. And so Paul, anything that you would add to that? Anything that you would add to either of the things that I said so far, or did I nail 'em?

No, you nailed them, man. For sure. One thing I would say is just going back to like, what, what you said on the, on the previous slide is like really the importance of, you know, just having that deep understanding of what, of your prospects, what they see as new, what they see as old, what they see as true, what they see as false, what they've been told, what they're being told. And like, I would almost say that there's really almost no substitute for like true hands-on experience and deep knowledge that you, that you acquire, almost like the hard way in, in learning that stuff. I think ai, we've come a long way with it.

It can do a lot of the heavy lifting for you in terms of research, but there's just something about like, as Todd always talks about, like keeping your finger on the pulse of the market. There's just something, um, it's almost like a, it's like a, an invisible, it's an invisible type of knowledge that you almost only get that comes with time and exposure to, to different marketing angles and things of that nature. And so, like, the example that I give is like, if you just woke up this tomorrow morning and decided that you wanted to be in the supplement business, and that the, the, the market that you were gonna go after was like the blood pressure market. And you, you, you, you know, you used AI or, or you didn't use ai, whatever, and you crafted this elaborate unique mechanism about, uh, you know, a little known phytonutrient that was discovered deep in the, in the Amazon jungle, and it's new and different. No one's ever seen it before, and it produces these, uh, you know, these, these wildly attractive and impressive results.

And then you reveal it and you tell people it's bee root powder. Like you would lose those prospects instantly and they would never pay attention to you again, because prospects in that space understand that number one beet root powder is not new and different. It's ultra commoditized. It's almost like when you go into, uh, trying to lower blood pressure naturally, beet root powder is like the very first thing that you learn. It's like elementary.

It's like, and that's what I mean. Now that's an extreme example, but I have seen marketers do things that do things very similar to that, where they, you know, they build up this whole mechanism about this thing that's not unique and not, not different. And it's, it's, uh, it's just super familiar and common. And so it just, I just think what you talked about in that first slide is like, so important. Yeah.

No, well said. I mean, it really, you know, really, again, I'll, I'll say it again. You can never know too much about your marketplace. This is why, right? Like, um, I forget whether it was, was it Gary Benza Venga who used to talk about, um, you know, like research with a hand truck, you know, like this was before, you know, the internet, when they would get, they'd go to the library and get books and books and books.

Like, you know, you think about back then, copywriters, marketers in the direct response world, they would devour multiple books on a topic, right? And today you get, you know, you got, you got entrepreneurs and marketers that'll do an hour's worth of research and then, and sometimes not even, and then whip up a campaign and wonder why it is, you know, it does minuscule numbers versus, I can tell you, as somebody that is, you know, has seen behind the scenes of many of, if not the majority of the biggest direct response driven companies on the planet, it's vastly different. The amount of work and energy and time that goes into understanding the marketplace, doing various surveys, um, external surveys, working with a, a team to, you know, to take now today to take information from Reddit, have chachi t analyze it, Amazon chat, PT analyze it, YouTube, uh, comments, chat, PT, um, um, analyze it, other campaigns that are winning, analyze it, other campaigns that are, that were losers, right? From other, other competitors as well as our own analyzing it, bringing the data together, and then upload, and then getting a report from it. And dissecting like, I mean, unbelievable and all of that on top of the typical or traditional, uh, you know, examination, exploring ideas and going down rabbit holes and, and, and, and that sort of thing.

And so, yeah, you, you can never know too much. Next is big mistake number three is choosing a sur a surface level difference, right? Like choosing a, a difference that is, you could say first and foremost is, um, is cosmetic. Like, you know, let's say, you know, it's almost insignificant in the difference, right? Changing color ingredient source or format isn't a new mechanism, right?

Like, that's not a new mechanism. Like it, you know, if you like, look, if, if you have a, this is right, uh, you guys are are serious about the unique mechanism, hence why you're here, right? And so I'm gonna bring you guys to the extreme. I'm gonna talk to you guys and gals if you were as, if you were partners with Paul and I not just, you know, uh, um, students here, right? The reality is, is that right?

If you change from like a, uh, a, everybody else has a four step system and a five step system, you know, and you make yours three steps, but you're pretty much doing the same thing that everybody else is doing, right? That's not really a unique, uh, uh, a unique mechanism, or it's not really a powerful, unique mechanism. It's only a slight difference. And what's gonna happen is when you present your argument, that's gonna be exposed, it's not gonna have the, the, the feel of groundbreaking or breakthrough. You know, my buddy, my good buddy, rich Efrin, he used to say all the time years ago, um, he would say like, right when he would look at, let's say mechanisms or really offers even in general solutions, uh, different, different systems, different methods, processes, he would always say like, right?

Like, how does this change everything? Like that's what he wanted to know, like from the team, like, you know, like how does this change everything? What he was looking for was, he was looking for mechanisms, right? Like he was looking for these angles, he was looking for these solutions that changed everything. Like that would change the game for a prospective customer, right?

Like, that was game changing. It changed everything. It changed the whole way that people look at solving x, y, Z, X, y, Z problem. And so, right? What you're not looking for is like a slight change is like one little tiny, you know, tiny tweak.

It's in other words, right? Like while if you, if, if you're, you know, like Paul mentioned, if you're, you have a supplement and right, you're using, you know, bee root or, you know, I always use the, the the, uh, uh, Garcinia Cambodia, right? Like, and all of a sudden you cha you're, you know, you change yours from, you know, it's garcinia Cambodia to, you know, garcinia Cambodia from, you know, the rainforest. That's not a new unique mechanism. That's an enhanced mechanism, right?

Like it's a different stage of marketplace sophistication or a different stage on the prospect awareness prospect, uh, uh, the promise exposure spectrum. But that's not a new unique mechanism. You didn't just, right, like changing the ingredient source doesn't make it a new mechanism. It just improves upon the old mechanism. And ultimately, right?

This is the important thing, right? Like this is the, this is probably the takeaway bullet, if you will, on this slide, right? That the mechanism must explain why every other approach, every other approach either failed or at least is inferior when it comes to the prospect experiencing the result, right? Like, you can't always, like, look, you can't always make the claim that, you know, here's why nothing else works, especially if you're in a marketplace where other things do work, right? Like, it's why I rarely, if ever have made the claim that like, this is the only way to do X, or this is, this is right.

The reason why nothing else works, and this is the only one that does, is because I very rarely say that because, right? I very rarely am selling or offering a, a solution, a product or service, uh, um, where there's nothing else that works. And so, but at a bare minimum, it must explain why every other approach is inferior, right? And surface level differences in the way you do things and the way others do things, right? A surface level difference in between your method and their method is almost never right?

Is almost never going to explain why your, their method produces wildly inferior results to yours. Usually it requires a significant difference. And that's what we're looking for, right? We're looking for a significant difference. Like, we're looking to be able to say, while they do this, we, man, we do this while they do X, we do y, right?

While they go left, we go, right? Not like, while they take a hard left, we take a soft left, no, while they go left, we go, right? While they're doing this, we're doing this. Oftentimes this is right. This is, you know, for what it's worth, just a, a side thing, you know, even putting and thinking about the unique mechanism through the lens of the, the opposite, the antithesis or the upside down version, the reverse version of what everybody else has been led to believe they need to do, right?

Like, if you have, you can develop a mechanism that is the complete opposite, right? Of what everybody else thinks that you need to do, right? Um, that's often right. Like you've got the backbone at least of a powerful mechanism that's not a surface level change. And so, right.

An aesthetic or procedural tweak doesn't create a belief shift. Another, uh, like a procedural tweak is what I mean by that is like, um, you know, like if you know most other people, right? They, they, when they sell you a course, they sell you a course, and then after three months you go to a live event. Well, what we do is we bring you into a live event first, and then we give you the course that's like a procedural tweak, right? Like, or right?

No, it right ul ultimately that's not gonna create a belief shift. You need something more substantial. Real uniqueness lives at the causal level, not the cosmetic one, the causal level, in other words here, right? What we're talking about is, right, what is responsible for causing the transformation of, of causing or creating the change ultimately. And so here you go.

If it doesn't change the reason why results happen, it's not a unique mechanism. That's the way that you can sum it up. If it doesn't change the reason why results happen, it's not a unique mechanism. And so, right, like if you said, well, we sell our, you know, we sell, um, a blood pressure lowering supplement and everybody else has their, uh, you know, their supplement in a white bottle, ours is in a red bottle. Well, unless the red bottle, you can explain to me how that red bottle contributes to your supplement producing better blood show, uh, blood pressure lowering results.

It's not a unique mechanism. And so, right, if you made it a red bottle, because it's gonna stick out, you know, more on store shelves, right? Through retail, cool, that's great. That's a, a difference. That's not a meaningful differentiator, um, in this context.

And that's certainly not a unique mechanism, and that may be a justified reason to make the bottles red, but that's not a thing to then use as your unique mechanism. So the unique mechanism needs to change the reason why results happen, change even the quality of the results. When I say change, the reason why results happen, what I mean here is the reason why the prospect can expect to experience superior results with this compared to every other one. That's right. The unique mechanism, uh, um, changes the reason why results, these kind of results that we're promising happen.

And if not, it's not a unique mechanism. Next, big mistake or top mistake number four is making the unique mechanism purely, um, additive. And what I mean by this is that it is, it's not explaining away the inadequacies of other solutions and past failures. It's just adding to them, in other words, so, right, like, you know, um, it, it's not right, it it, in other words, if it, if it doesn't allow you to say like, you failed in the past before, or that failed you in the past before because of this, because of X, Y, Z, and with this mechanism, right? That's done away with, right?

Like, that's what you're looking for from a unique mechanism. This is when I said earlier that, right? It's not about improvement, but replacement. It's not better. It's different.

And so this is might seem like a subtle thing here, but right? Like if you think about, if you look at, let's say the E five method, for example, it's not a better way to create a marketing funnel. It's an altogether different way. It's a new and different way, or was new when we, um, when we first rolled it out many moons ago, right? Um, it's a, it's not an improvement on what you're already doing.

It is a replacement for what it is that you are doing. So it's not right. We're not improving. We're not adding to what has been done before. We're changing what you, what you are doing before, right?

And so because right, we're changing what you are doing and not adding, right? We're able to displace the old explanation for why, you know, something, uh, didn't work. Like we're able to give you the old way of doing things was X, Y, and Z. The problem with that is that it led to this problem and this problem, this problem and didn't address X, Y, and Z. Well, now there is something new and something different that blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

And now we address that old, right? And we, we, we replace it or displace it, we get rid of it. And so not about improvement, but replacement, not better, but different. A mechanism only shines really, truly only shines when it renders the old ways obsolete, right? And in this context, the reason why I put that in quotes old ways is because we're ultimately through the mechanism, we're ultimately framing the ways that it's commonly been done as the old ways, as obsolete.

We're making it obsolete through the framing and presentation of the unique mechanism, right? And so, um, when you present the mechanism, when you have a legit mechanism, right? And it is replacement, not improvement, right? When it's, when it's something new and different, not just not better, right? It's new and different, right?

Um, then, right? It, it shines when, when you're able to show that it is far better than the old way of doing things, than the old mechanism, than the old method, than the old process, than the old system, right? Uh, the old approach, right? Like, that's the old way. Now there's a new way, a different way, right?

And if you think about it for a second, right? If you take something like, like, look, if you take, you know, let's go back to the Uber example, right? Well, right, it relatively today it makes yellow cabs inhaling a cab and waiting in line and having to pay cash and sitting in a stinky car and blah, blah, blah. It makes it obsolete. It makes it, it makes it the old way, right?

When, like, if you look at, now think about, you know, um, ai, think about like, let's say the way that, you know, Paul uses AI to just dial in these e five campaigns, right? Like dial in the unique mechanism, dial in the argument, dial in the big idea, dial in the, the, the offer, dial in the follow up, dial in the bump, dial in the upsell, all those things. Well, what, what is it? Right? It's, it's a vastly different mechanism and what has it, what has it done?

It's made the prior way, right? Obsolete. It's made it old way. Like it's made it so that like, if you're using that, like you're at a gross disadvantage the old way, right? It immediately, like you, you see, you have to understand that, right?

What makes it an old way is because there's now a new way that is better, right? That's what makes it the old way an obsolete, is because there's a new way that is better. And so a mechanism shines when it's able to render the common methods as now the old ways that are obsolete. The plus this messaging, which is really just the additive messaging, right? Confuses rather than convinces meaning, right?

It, it, you know, it, it's not, it's not the same clarity. I, I know it sounds strange, you would think that, right? Like the idea of improving what somebody is doing is clearer and simpler to understand than right replacement, right? But that plus this, that additive messaging is more confusing, adds more confusion than it does clarity, right? And so, um, no, it's replacement, not improvement, the mechanism.

This is ano just another way of saying what it is that we've already said. The mechanism needs to invalidate the common solutions, the old ways to convey a breakthrough new way, right? Like, in other words, you have to invalidate the old way. You want to invalidate the old way or the other ways. I should really say that we now, we now frame as old ways, right?

And, and so understand that. And so we want to, we, it must that's what we're ultimately trying to do, invalidating the others. Next big mistake, number five is not contrasting your unique mechanism with alternative mechanisms. And this one is really a very straightforward, um, mistake, right? It's a very straightforward mistake.

And it's this, that your mechanism only makes sense in contrast to the old or wrong, uh, uh, um, explanation, or really I should say, right? It only makes sense in contrast to the old, excuse me, or other mechanisms, other modes of experiencing the outcome, right? Like without contrast, prospects can't see what's different and why it matters. Ultimately what I'm saying here, I'm gonna still go through these bullets, but ultimately what I'm saying here is, right, it's not enough to just say what is great about your unique mechanism, right? But you are ultimately comparing and contrasting your unique mechanism with the other mechanisms, and you're showing what's weak about theirs, right?

And how yours makes up for that. Or it's showing you what issues those, the others cause that yours doesn't, that yours eliminates, it's showing what, what is difficult about those, right? And what's easy about yours, you have to have contrast in your marketing message with your unique mechanism, right? You think about right, what happens in a picture when there's no contrast or when there's little contrast, everything blends together. And so it's contrast that makes things pop in an image.

Well, the same thing in your marketing message, contrasting your thing against the others to show what makes your superior is critical for persuasion. The old solution verse the new right solution, uh, um, that triggers that aha, aha moment for people, right? And so I'm not necessarily saying you need to see it side by side, like the old way, the new way. And you've got, like, I'm not saying that, I'm saying that in your message. You need to contrast what it is that you, you, uh, you have in terms of a unique mechanism.

How, you know, like, like why it works, what it requires, what it doesn't require, the ease, um, all of that with the other solutions to show, right? What makes yours better? Contrast creates drama, and drama creates persuasion, right? And so, right contrast creates drama. And drama creates persuasion.

If you don't show the difference, right? The market is gonna assume that there isn't one. And so, right? Like this is where like, again, you, you've gotta recognize that you're not talking about your mechanism in isolation, you're not talking about it in a vacuum. You're, remember, remember what I said at the very beginning of tonight's training, that what your prospect wants to know, they want the answer to the question of why should I choose yours instead of all the others, right?

Instead of all the others, why should I choose yours instead of the other options that I have? Why should I choose yours instead of theirs? And so there is this compare and contrast going on in the mind of the prospect. So if you don't display that difference through that contrast, the marketplace is gonna assume that you don't have anything to share with them. And then you ultimately leave the decision to them to figure out, right?

The, the, to, to do the compare and contrast. And you don't wanna do that because you wanna control the frame, right? You wanna control the, um, the frame. He or she who controls the frame wins, if you will. And so hopefully that makes sense, Paul, as you're, you know, you're a wizard when it comes to contrast and persuasion.

Is there anything that you would add to what it is that I said? Uh, not really because you, you, you pretty much nailed it. But like, just to kind of echo what, what, what Todd said, like just we as human beings, like one of the ways that we make sense of the world, right? We use sensory experience, right? Uh, sight, smell, taste, et cetera.

But we also use contrast, right? Whether we do it consciously or subconsciously, one of the ways that we make sense of the world is by comparing and contrasting things. This is just something that's organically hardwired into us by nature. So if I eat a hamburger and I'm like, wow, that hamburger was really good on, on the surface, it seems like I just, I just like, like the way that that hamburger tastes. But what's really going on, on a deeper level is I'm comparing that hamburger to all the other hamburgers that I've ever eaten, and I'm saying to myself, is it better than the best?

Is it worse than the worst? Where does it rank? If you're having a conversation with somebody and you can't put your finger on what it is, but there's something about them that it's creating a disconnect, like, uh, the energy seems off or the vibe seems off, what's likely happening is that person is saying or doing something verbally or non-verbally that is different, uh, to your values, thoughts, beliefs, opinions, or, or whatever it is on the topic that you're talking about. So you're comparing and contrasting whatever it is that they're saying about this topic against your thoughts, values, beliefs, opinions on that topic. And essentially, you don't agree with something that they're saying.

And that's why that disconnect is happening there. And so, again, because this is something that we do, by nature, your prospects are gonna do it no matter what. They're gonna look for something to compare and contrast either way. So it's your job, right, as the marketer to be able to control that, uh, contrasting and comparison, pro comparing process as best as you can. Just like Todd said, if you don't show the difference, then the market assumes there isn't one.

And this, I just wanna put one more button on this, uh, Todd, is that, you know what Todd said in the beginning about hope, like, I would argue that hope when it comes to marketing is probably the most powerful and important emotion because it, it's ultimately like what moves people to action and to make a decision to make a change. When folks interact with your marketing message, uh, essentially they're, they're always coming in with some dominant resonant emotion. It could be fear, it could be, uh, joy, it could be happiness, it could be sadness, whatever it might be. But I think that the goal is always to transition them to hope, because hope ultimately is what moves people to take action. Like, they wouldn't take action if they didn't really sincerely believe that things were gonna be different this time.

And what leads to hope is differentiation, right? Like, what's Einstein's definition of insanity? It's doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. So really, I would say the only way a prospect is going to move, I mean taking, taking out like impulse purchases and things like that outta the equation I'm talking about in the context of what we do, solving problems, fulfilling desires, um, through the types of marketing messages that we use. Like, like, to put it really simply, like hope is the hope is the needle mover.

When, when a prospect has hope, that's when they are most likely to take the action that you want them to take. And hope is the direct byproduct of differentiation. When they see something different, that's what creates that hope. And so like, ah, man, this is just like such good stuff that, that Todd is sharing here. And I think it, it comes down to like, um, it comes down to pattern recognition.

It's like when you, when when anybody has been studying or doing something for a very long period of time, they're able to identify patterns in that thing that the average person just can't because they don't, they don't have that exposure. Um, it's like, you know, I train Brazilian jujitsu, so if I watch a UFC fight or I watch two people doing jujitsu, I can see things that the average person wouldn't see. If, if you asked me to watch a football game, I wouldn't be able to do that. But my buddies who've been watching football, they perceive that game in such a different way because they're catching all the little details that their brain has been trained to see over all these years. And that is like what Todd is sharing with you guys here is like these man just like these patterns and these like almost pockets of context that man, I would say it's like almost, uh, it's really difficult to get this type of insight without years of exposure, um, to this kind of stuff.

So I'm just saying, I, I'm finding it super valuable. Love it. Awesome. Appreciate that buddy. And so, um, and ironically, without spoiling what's coming, uh, we're gonna talk a little bit more about hope, uh, and an aspect of using the unique mechanism that, uh, a lot of marketers and entrepreneurs miss related to, related to that.

But next is another, another biggie. And it is the mistake is mistake number six is proving how the unique mechanism works instead of why it works. And really, you know, what I will say here is, you know, they, a lot of entrepreneurs, a lot of business owners, when they learn about the unique mechanism, they think that the way to convince a prospective customer or client of its value is in demonstrating, proving how it works when really the heart and soul of an E five campaign, the most effective, the most effective type of marketing campaign is, is when you explain, excuse me, or educate on why it works, not how it works. And so, right, the how is the procedural, it's what you do, it's the process, right? The why is the causal meaning it's the thing that causes the transformation, right?

Like you need to prove that it causes, why does it cause the transformation? Why is it able to deliver the transformation better than any other option? Not how to do it, right? You don't have to prove, and I don't even know, like really it's not even right, like grammatically correct to say prove how it works, right? 'cause there's no such thing as proving like you don't demonstrate, right?

Like the an e five campaign. When you have a unique mechanism, your job isn't to show the prospective customer how it works, it's to show them that it does work, period, right? Your, your job is to unpack why it works. When we say an EBM campaign, education based marketing, I want you to understand a couple of things here, right? Which is at the heart and soul of an E five campaign.

Uh, is that right? Number one, I want you to understand that it's not education for education's sake, it's marketing, it's education based marketing. It's not education, it's education based marketing. It's still marketing, but we're using education in order to produce the conversion. So what are we then educating them on?

Well, we're educating them not on the product. We're educating them on the unique mechanism. But what, what about the unique mechanism? Well, we're educating them on why it works first and foremost, we're educating them on the fact that there is something new and different from what it is that they've done before. Heard about before, seen before, tried before, right?

That there is something new and different. And this new and different thing produces a radically better result, fast, easier, um, uh, um, more reliable, um, safer. One of those, all of those, et cetera, right? So we're explaining why it works, why it's able to, like, we're backing up the claim that this unique mechanism produces better results for you than any other option. We're not there to demonstrate how it works.

That's not like, that's, that's not how you don't convince somebody that it does work by showing them how it works. You convince them that it does work, right? By proving to them why it works. And so, really important, right? People buy why something works, not the step by step of how it works, right?

And if you are a natural educator by nature, which I am, right? I always feel the pull to want to, um, to wanna teach. And I think that, you know, you have to really understand, I don't have the slide in here. It was in another presentation that I gave, but there's a difference between teaching and educating, right? Like, you know, I would almost say that teaching is the how, right?

Educating is the why, right? I'm not here to teach. I'm not here to teach them how to do it, right? I'm here to Right. Educate them on, on the fact that there is something else, and here's why it works, right?

And here's why. You, you, you should be interested in it. And so, right? They, they buy why something works, not the step-by-step of how it works. You, what I, I'll tell you this, what prospects want you to tell them is how it works, but that's not what will drive them to buy.

They would love for you to like, tell me what it is, right? Tell me why it works, and then tell me how it works so that I can go and do it. And I don't have to buy it from you. That's what they want. But just because that's what they want doesn't mean that that's what you should do, right?

And so you're not here to demonstrate or prove how it works, right? You're here to prove why it works. And so how engages interest, why creates conviction, right? Like, in other words, right? It creates conviction in a conviction behind the belief that I think that this, this is gonna work for me.

I think that this is the answer how it works, right? Engages or creates or, or stimulates interest. Like I wanna hear more. You could almost make the case, right? I originally, I wrote how, how engages curiosity, right?

Um, why creates conviction? But I changed it because, right? Like how engages curiosity almost sounds like a benefit, right? It almost sounds like a positive thing for us at marketing. But what I, what I really mean here is that the, how it works engages in, in this intellectual process.

It engages and stimulates interest. And tell me more. And that's fascinating, right? But the why behind when I demonstrate it, when I prove it, when I unpack it, that creates conviction behind the belief that this thing will produce better results than anything else that I have tried or will try. Your me, your mechanism must answer the question, why does this succeed where others fail or fall short?

And remember, for me, it's more often than not, it's where the others fall short. This is another way of saying, of answering that same question of, right? Like, why does this succeed? Where others fall short is right? Like, why is this able to deliver better results than all the other options out there?

That's ultimately what it is that, um, that we are like, why? Like, why not? How does it do this? But why is it able to do this? Why does this succeed where others fail or fall or, or fall short?

The why is what transforms explanation and belief the why, right? You're presenting an argument for why this works. You're presenting an argument for the fact that this works, and right? And ultimately through that explanation, right, that explanation creates that conviction. Um, behind that belief, really, really important.

This is one of the most valuable, like little lessons, really, that you can learn about. The unique mechanism is that your job is to just prove, like, look, man, here, there's something new and different, far superior to anything else out there when it comes to you experiencing the results that you want. And here's why it is far superior. Here's why it's able to produce better results. Here's why it's able to outshine in this area, in this area, in this area, in this area.

This is why it doesn't require you to do X, y, and Z. I don't have to give the nitty gritty, the nitty gritty details, right? Like, you go and you buy a new automobile, at least for me, based on the questions that I ask, right? The guy's not telling me anything about the technical aspects of the way the thing works, right? 'cause I don't really care.

Tell me why the thing gets better gas mileage or why the thing is a smoother ride or why the thing is safer, right? You don't have to, you know, explain to me how the airbag works, the airbags work, or the safety system works. Like, just explain to me why, right? And so that's the difference between, right? Uh, the mistake is proving how it works instead of why it works next.

And this is the biggie when it comes to mainstream, the people that think they're learning about, um, a unique mechanism, or they're hearing unique mechanism, and then they're, they're going out and they're creating a campaign that, um, is really just a sales pitch. It's really just right, that it's, it is, they've got a unique mechanism and all they, and, and, and all they have in their campaign is then benefits claims, benefits claims, benefits claims, and then the offer with features and benefits. Features and benefits. Features, benefits, call to action, right? The mistake is having a unique mechanism that is not supported by an airtight logical and emotional argument.

What is the logical and emotional argument? It's ultimately, and we could just say an airtight marketing argument. It, right? The marketing argument. What does it prove?

It proves that the unique mechanism, uh, why the unique mechanism is able to produce superior results to the other options, right? Like, understand that if you really boil down an E five campaign, we're gonna boil it down to this, that we're presenting a new and different way for the prospect to experience the result that they want. And, right? That new and different way and superior way is, uh, excuse me, that new and different way is superior to every other option out there. And then we're gonna present an argument for it.

We're gonna support that claim with an argument that proves why this unique mechanism is superior to the other options out there. And then we're gonna give them an offer to get our product or service, which is how they can experience the benefits of the unique mechanism. So, right? And understand the power in a unique mechanism is not in having a unique mechanism. It's in presenting an airtight marketing argument that proves that your unique mechanism is superior.

That's the power of it. See, and that's where so many entrepreneurs and marketers go wrong. They think the power is in, right? If they just slap a, you know, like this product is powered by, and then they've got fancy name on there, and right, but absent of any explanation, absent of any EBM content, absent of any rock solid, airtight, you know, uh, evidence, support, proof, uh, to back up the claim that theirs is better, right? And sometimes, uh, marketers will even make the mistake of, or entrepreneurs will make the mistake of having a unique mechanism.

And then not even, not only do they not have an argument, um, for what makes it better, they don't even claim that theirs is better. Meaning they're, they're, they're, you know, it's like, you know, it's like throwing an ingredient into a recipe that's just unnecessary and doesn't add anything or do anything, right? Like it's just a waste. And so, right? So the key is, right, like you want a unique mechanism, right?

That is then backed up and supported by an airtight marketing argument. A mechanism is only as strong as the argument supporting it. That's, it's only as, as, as as strong. It's only as powerful. It's only as valuable as the marketing argument supporting it, right?

And the quality, not just having an argument, but the quality of the argument, right? That it flows the right way. That right? The, the CPB chunks claim proof, benefit, um, chunks are done the right way, right? That's where the mechanism shines, right?

The better, right? The, the, the, the argument, the quality of the argument strengthens the mechanism. When you have a, a no argument or, you know, a weak argument, it weakens the unique mechanism. And I would say that a unique mechanism without a marketing argument is worthless. Is worthless.

And so claims need proof, logic, and sequencing, not just enthusiasm. In other words, this is right. The thought that I can take a unique mechanism and make claims about it, and then back it up with no proof or not back it up with proof, not back it up with logic, not back it up with the proper sequencing, right? Of what prospects need to believe first, second, and third, right? Like, that's not important.

What's important is how enthusiastic I am or passionate I am, or aggressive I am in my copy. That's ridiculous, right? That is the old school direct response way that right, like died off many, many moons ago. There was a time when I first got involved in direct response. It was all of that.

And, and not this, it was much more that and much less this. And I loved it. I loved it, man. Nobody loved it more than me. That style of copy, like, I absolutely loved it.

I was enamored by it, right? But unfortunately, right? That doesn't work and hasn't worked nearly as well, uh, remotely close to as well as it used to, because our prospects across the board today are exposed to a lot more marketing and sales messages. They're exposed to a lot more claims, right? Than they've ever been before.

And so today, you need right claims to be backed up with, you know, with proof, with evidence, with logic, with the right sequencing, um, and with enthusiasm without evidence. Your mechanism sounds like marketing puffery. Marketing puffery is right, is, you can actually look it up. I believe there's a Wikipedia entry for, you know, marketing puffery. It's just like, you know, it's when you know, you use the amazing, incredible, you know, solution, like it's just puffery.

It doesn't add any additional detail. It doesn't explain anything about why it works, why it's superior. It's just pure puffery, right? And you could see in a lot of advertising, especially on television, you see a ton of puffery where they say a lot without communicating very much at all. They say a lot and communicate very little, right?

And so, without evidence, the, your, your mechanism, your unique mechanism sounds nothing, nothing more than just marketing puffery. The argument must logically lead prospects to, to, to conclude, right? I see it, man. I get it. This makes total sense.

This makes total makes sense. There's a typo. This makes total sense, right? Like, I get it. I see it, man.

This makes like, I, I get it. I understand now why I failed before I understand where I, I understand what I was missing before. I understand what makes this better. I understand why this is superior. I understand why this is the, this is the way to go.

This is the solution for me. Like, that is ultimately right, what we're, what we're leading the prospect to believe as it relates to the unique mechanism. I get it. I understand why it works. I understand why it's superior.

I understand why. It's, why it's the best, it's the best path for me to take. That's what we, what we want. And an airtight argument makes belief inevitable, in other words, right? That's my aim I should really say, is that right?

When I, I wanna do, I wanna put an argument together where, where, like, in the end, it, it's almost, you know, and we tossed this word around a lot in marketing when it comes to offers, but where it's irresistible, or really I should say, it's undeniable. Like, right? Like, you can't deny what it is that that claim. I, I made a claim and I backed it up with enough proof, enough evidence, enough support, so that like, it is now undeniable. Meaning that belief is inevitable.

Like you have to believe in what it is that I'm claiming about this unique mechanism being superior. And understand this, I want you guys and gals to get this when they believe that your unique mechanism is like when you make it undeniable, right? Your marketing argument, when belief becomes inevitable, right? Um, what happens is you create an all roads lead to you proposition, right? Um, where, right?

There's nowhere else that they can buy from. That's when you make, right? Like you make buying from you easy. You make buying from you almost a necessity for them. You make buying from you something that they're, they're gonna thank you for, right?

Like, um, and that's what we're talking about here, right? And so that's the importance. When you've got a unique mechanism and you present the right argument for it before you ever even talk about your product or service or offer, your prospects want it because you've proven to them, because it's undeniable. Because it's irresistible, because belief is now inevitable. They can't dispute it, which means they're gonna want your product.

Since it's the only place that they can get the unique mechanism. And the only way that they can experience it is when they respond to your offer. It's a beautiful thing when you really recognize it and think about it, mistake number eight is creating a marketing name instead of a mechanism name, right? Understand that this is also another one of those, right? Like, you know, um, right?

A clever name doesn't equal a unique mechanism, right? Like another words, just slapping a clever name on an ordinary process doesn't give you an extraordinary mechanism. It just gives you an extraordinary name, right? And so that what what makes the unique mechanism powerful is the ability to present an argument that proves its superiority, right? Like, I wanna, I want you to understand that.

I wanna say that again. Like the power and the unique mechanism comes from the ability to present an argument that proves why it is able to produce superior results. It's not in a fancy pants, clever, commercialized name. More often than not, I don't really care what the name is, I really don't, as long as it doesn't sound commercialized, benefit driven. I'd rather it sound more credible, more scientific, more, you know, that it would appear in a textbook or a newspaper or at a, at a, at an industry conference, um, rather than a benefit oriented, you know, hyped up kind of commercial sounding, um, name.

And I want you to understand that merely slapping a clever name on what it is that you do doesn't equal a unique mechanism. It just equals a new name for the same thing, right? Like, in other words, that's all it does is right? That a fancy name on an ordinary mechanism is just a new name for the same thing. And, right?

Understand that if you take an, a commoditized process, if you take an ordinary mechanism, an ordinary method, an ordinary process, an ordinary system, and you slap a fancy name on it, well, what are you gonna do then when it comes time to present the marketing argument to prove that the mechanism is superior? Well, the whole thing falls apart. The whole thing falls apart. And that's why a name without meaning evidence is just empty branding. Empty branding, or just a marketing gimmick, right?

That's all it is. It, it's just empty branding or a marketing gimmick, right? And so the goal isn't to sound catchy in the unique mechanism name, right? It's to give credibility. It's to make it feel credible.

It's to give credibility the way that your product works to deliver the result. That's all I, in other words, I'm explaining the way the product, the service delivers result, the result, right? And I want that to be credible. I want it to be viewed as credible. I don't want it to sound catchy.

I don't care if the unique mechanism name is catchy or not. I care that it doesn't take away any of the credibility from the underlying mechanism. Save the names, the catchy, clever, cool, slick sounding, benefit driven names for your products, your services, your bundles, your offers. Not the unique mechanism, the best name, uh, the best names encompass how the unique mechanism solves the root cause. How the mechanism, how the unique mechanism works.

That's where, if you wanna bring in the how, right? Like how, here's where you can bring in the how in terms of how you name it, meaning what name it based on, right? How the mechanism solves the, the root cause, if anything, right? And then, and ask yourself here, right? If I stripped away the name, if I got rid of the name, if I deleted the name from my promotion, could I still have a marketing argument that would stand on its own?

I would say, right? Could I still have a campaign that, um, demonstrates I've got something unique and different and superior, or, right? Or is all of the power that you are trying to gain, right? Coming from the name, right? And if you deleted the name from your promotion, you would lose all the power, if so, right?

You created a marketing name instead of a mechanism name. And so, really, really important in the, in the home stretch here, big mistake number nine is not owning the mechanism. And what I mean in this context, by owning the unique mechanism, is that part of the beauty of the unique mechanism when it's done right, is that you create an all roads lead to you, um, path. Meaning that you are the only source, you're the only, uh, um, purveyor of this mechanism. They can't get it anywhere else.

They can't learn about it from anybody else. It's proprietary to you, right? And to your business, it represents you, it represents your company, it represents your brand, right? Like when the marketplace hears it, eventually over time, they'll associate it with you. And what you do, it helps to frame what it is that you do.

It puts your flag in the ground, right? And it leads back to you if it leads back to more than one place, right? You don't own it. And so, right? The mistake is when marketers, they'll pick something generic, um, like metabolic health or neuroplasticity, or swing plane alignment, um, really that could be used by anybody in their space.

Don't forget the specific examples here. It's like, you know, if you try to build, let's say you were in the marketing space, and hopefully everybody knows, you know what a trip wire is, right? A trip wire is a, is a, uh, a name for a low ticket offer, right? And today, right? It, that's known by everybody.

Trip wire. Well, like, if you try to build a unique mechanism around the fact that you offer a low ticket offer, that you have a, a low ticket offer, that your system uses a low ticket offer, there's nothing proprietary about that, right? Not, like, forget the fact, forget put aside whether that's really a unique mechanism. Like you can't own that because a low ticket offer is a commodity. People can go and Google that, they can YouTube it, they can, right?

And so, right, when you are using something generic that is already being talked about in the marketplace, I don't, I don't just mean the name, like, I don't mean calling your unique mechanism metabolic health, like, right? I don't even mean, but if you're basing your unique mechanism on a generic, um, process system approach, methodology, that's not a unique mechanism. And that's certainly not something that you own that could be owned by anybody that chooses to use that. So the mechanism, like I said, should only be associated with your solution, right? And this is why you wanna name it, frame it, and teach it until it becomes synonymous with you, with your company, with your brand in the market's mind, right?

You name it, you position it. That's what I mean by frame it. You, you position it like the way that you present it to the, um, marketplace, and then you teach it, and you do that until it becomes synonymous with you, with your brand over time, right? It's not gonna be immediately recognized in the market's mind as yours day one, right? Like, but over time, it will be associated with you and your name at this point, like the tripwire, is now tied back to, you know, digital marketer, Orion and Perry.

Um, right? Some of you that are new to the marketing game might not even realize that, right? But it became over a long stretch of time tied to those guys. And so the point is that, right? You want it to be proprietary.

And so I like this, uh, the way that this is written, I didn't make this up, right? A good mechanism creates a mental monopoly. No one else can claim it. I love the idea of a mental monopoly, in other words, right? It means that, right?

That that is associated with you. You own that space, you own that share, you own that in the mind of the prospect, right? And so protecting that unique mechanism is all about naming, it's all about narrative, which is the, the, the way that you present it, frame it, and position it, and then repetition over time. You, right? You teaching it, talking about it, uh, explaining it, delivering it over time.

And so what you want is proprietary. You want it to be proprietary, and you wanna own it. You don't want anybody else to be able to, uh, leverage the same thing in their product, right? Like, right? Like, in other words, even, you know, you don't want somebody else to be able to, uh, talk about, let's just say neuroplasticity, uh, as the reason why their thing works, right?

And you're doing the same thing in your product, even though your product and their product have a different name, your unique mechanism and their unique mechanism has a different name. But if you're both talking about, like, if you're both saying, the reason why this thing works is because it leverages neuroplasticity, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? Well, then that's like, you don't own anything, and you're not, you're losing out on one of the biggest benefits of having a unique mechanism, which is when done right? It creates an all roads lead to you mentality. And so the 10th and final top mistake is what Paul was alluding to earlier when he really emphasized, um, hope.

And that is right. The, the, that is, it's very easy to hear, to learn about the tactical, logical aspects of creating and delivering a unique mechanism, like what it's intended to do and what makes for a proper, unique mechanism and, um, and what doesn't. And, and how you present it, and CPB chunks and all these things. But the mistake is forgetting the emotional role of the mechanism, right? That what is the unique mechanism's number one job?

Well, it's what Paul said earlier, and that is to restore hope, to give hope, to restore hope. Understand that, and Paul said this early on, and he was, you know, spot on that, right? Like, hope is the buying trigger. Like, right? Especially when, like, when, you know, when people come in, you know, when Paul talked about, he mentioned the dominant resident emotion, you know, I like to say today that, you know, like, instead of trying to understand like, is this frustration that they're experiencing, or is it disappointment?

Like, what's the right word? Forget the, forget trying to nail the right word to describe the emotional awareness or the emotional state of your prospect. I just like to think of it as, is it right? Is it a negative awareness, like emotional awareness, or is it positive? Are they coming from a negative emotion, emotional state?

Or are they coming from a positive emotional state? You could also, and I talked about this ironically on the marketing, the weekly marketing call earlier, what's the, the, the, the psychological direction that they're moving in? Are they moving away from something? Or are they moving towards something, right? Like, are they moving away from pain or are they moving towards pleasure?

Right? You have to understand that, right? Like when people are, when people, the dominant resident emotion coming in is positive, right? That hope already exists for them, right? Hope already exists for them, right?

In that case, right? We're, we're leveraging that, right? We're leveraging that through the unique mechanism. But like Paul said earlier, when they're coming in through a, um, through a, with a negative, um, emotional state, if you will, right? In order to get them to buy, we have to transform that or take them from that, uh, that negative one to a positive one, negative one to a, to a state of hope.

Because if they don't have hope, they're not gonna act, right? Like they act out of hope, right? And so if all we did was like, if, if you're talking to somebody that God forbid, just got diagnosed with diabetes, right? And all we did was just fill them with fear and dread and didn't dangle any sort of life raft, you know, like, uh, um, saving grace out in front of them, um, if, like, what do we just scare the bejesus out of them and then just say, Hey, we have a supplement if you want it, here's how to buy it. Like, no, they buy out of hope.

Out of hope. That maybe, right? Like, like that. The beautiful thing is like, look, when somebody comes in, let me, let me, lemme just explain this real quick. 'cause I think that this will be valuable for you.

When somebody comes in and they're right with fear, dread, you know, they're scared, they just got diagnosed with diabetes, and they're like, what, what is this gonna do to my life? Is this gonna end my life early? Is this gonna, am I gonna go blind? Am I gonna like, you know, my kidney's gonna shut down? Am I gonna have my left foot amputated?

Whatnot? I want you to understand that my job ultimately is to bring them from that state to a state of hope, but I'm first going to affirm their fears. Understand, right? I'm gonna, uh, acknowledge and affirm their fears. They have a right to, they should be scared because those are very real fears.

Those should be very real concerns. And those are very real potential consequences if they don't take the right action or right, they don't take any action, right? And if they take the wrong action, right? Like, uh, or no action, right? Tho those things can come about, and they might not even be aware of the fact that like, not only could they wind up on insulin, not only could they go blind, lose their, not only could all those things, right?

Right? Uh, um, and so we're probably gonna scare them even more, but then I'm absolutely gonna say to them, but thankfully, right? There's another path. Thankfully, there's a different way, there's a new and different way for you to get your blood sugar under control a way that you probably haven't even heard about. It's wildly different than you having a diet or exercise or pop pills, or take daily or weekly injections a way that right, actually makes you healthier.

A way that is easy that anybody can do young or old, a way that da da da boom, unique mechanism. And now we start, right? We turn the corner with them and right, we, we give them a sense of hope because we've got a different way, a new way and a different way. And this way is better, and it's easier, and it's faster, and it's simpler. And now they're starting to be right.

And so you don't have to fear this anymore. You don't have to worry about this anymore. Now you can't, right? And now they're filled with hope, and it's out of that hope that they act, it's out of that hope. If we didn't give them hope, right?

They're not acting right. They're not acting. And so, right, the role, the, the emotional role of the unique mechanism, it gives the prospect permission to believe that this time will be different. And it's from that, right? For those that have tried something in the past, right?

That's again, where hope comes from, right? I failed all these times. I'm just gonna fail again. If I try the same thing that I've tried before, why would this right be any different? Well, here's why this time will be different hope.

Remember that logic earns attention, right? But emotion is what drives action. We want both, right? Even though it's said today that like, you know, um, people make buying decisions out of emotion and then they rationalize those decisions later on with logic. No, that's not the case today, anymore, today, right?

That yes, it's largely driven by emotion, but they use logic to affirm the buying decision before they make it. And so you need both. That's the beauty really, of a marketing argument or a properly structured E five campaign for what it's worth is that it does both, right? Um, but understand that, right? The unique mechanism is there to drive emotion.

The emotion that we're driving, right? Is hope and ultimately belief, right? Conviction behind the belief that this will work for them. The moment of belief isn't intellectual, it's emotional relief, right? The moment of belief isn't intellectual, it's emotional relief that, ah, I'm gonna be okay.

I can be okay. There is a way, right? There is a way. Every true me unique mechanism delivers both a reason to believe and a reason to feel hopeful. Again, every unique mechanism delivers both a reason to believe, a reason to believe what a reason to believe, right?

That this will produce superior results. A reason to believe that if you failed before, right? That doesn't mean you're gonna fail again. That right? You likely failed before because it wasn't this a reason to believe that this is the missing piece, right?

That, uh, that you've never tried, that you've never experienced a reason to believe, right? That this time will be different, a reason to believe, right? That you can be successful, right? And that's why, right? We're able to give them a reason to feel hopeful again.

And so those are the top 10 mistakes. Now, what I wanna do real quick, and then I'm gonna share with you guys very quickly, um, how you can get my personal help and Paul's personal help with a unique offer. There's one slide, like probably 15 words on this slide, and that's it. I'm gonna be quick about that. Um, and how you can try it for a dollar.

I'll tell you that when we're done with the, um, the questions. So Paul, let me see here. Let's see if you know what I totally forgot to, um, to turn the chat on. Um, and so that's only a slight problem. Uh, That's all right.

We got some Q and a. Yeah, let me see here. There we do. We got, we do got a little q and a. Uh, okay, so, uh, let's see here.

So, so if you've got a question, you can go ahead and you can pop it into the q and a section, or you can pop it into the, um, the chat, um, area. Um, and so Sandy said, what if you're selling something that isn't your own product? It doesn't matter. Um, so let's say you're, you're an affiliate, right? Well, like, look, sometimes you might, you might see something like, if somebody came to me and I wanted to promote it, 'cause I, I believed in it and let's say, uh, and I was promoting it as an affiliate, let's just say, or joint, you know, joint venture partner.

Um, and I would look for the unique mechanism behind there. I, I would almost, I I would create my own marketing for the product, um, and I would treat them as if they were a client, meaning I would interview them and I would say like, well, I would, I would interview them as the product owner. And I would say, well, why does the product work? Like, why does it deliver the result? Why does it, why is it able to, um, produce superior results to the others?

What are the superior results that it, that it, that it delivers? And why is it able to deliver that one? And what would happen if, right? We, you know, we, this unique mechanism, the, the way that your product worked, it, it was slightly different. It was this and right, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna get all the information that I need to identify the unique mechanism, and then I would put together my own marketing knowing that likely my own marketing is gonna be significantly better than their marketing if I'm using a unique mechanism with a marketing argument.

And so, hope that makes sense, Sandy, if that make, if that doesn't make sense and you have a added detail that you wanna share, please go for it. Uh, And so I did that. Oops, I did that. Uh, It's awesome, bill, I appreciate you saying that, uh, transformed everything, everything I thought I knew about the, um, beautiful, love it. Uh, I'm not seeing any other, uh, any other questions.

Um, me neither. And so I'm gonna stop this for one second just to make sure that I know we had some issues. We had, um, the, uh, what was I gonna say? We had, uh, an issue with the link. And so the majority of people are gonna be watching this likely, um, on the recording, um, which is totally cool.

If you've got questions and you're watching this on the recording, you can go ahead and post them into the E five group and Paul and I would be happy to answer those questions in there. If you guys and gals have that are on here, have any additional questions, you can go ahead and pop 'em into chat or the, um, the q and a. Uh, but I'm going to real quick let you know how you can continue to work with Paul and I. So look, if, if you got value from that, and this is it, this is the only slide, this isn't a long drawn out offer. Uh, I added this, uh, um, to the slide deck, um, last minute.

This is only for you guys and gals that are both on here live and or watching the recording of the top 10 unique mechanism mistakes training, uh, that, uh, Paul, why don't you actually jump in and explain the E five Alliance, uh, since you play such a significant role in helping everybody. Yeah, Sure. So the E five Alliance really is a small, intimate group of like-minded entrepreneurs and marketers, uh, where we come together once a week, um, every Thursday. So there are two different calls. So I do, uh, the first three calls depending on how long the month is.

So I do the first three calls, Todd does the final call for the month. So I do a call every Thursday at 6:30 PM Eastern. Uh, and basically that call consists of two things. Number one is help, right? So there are no hard and fast rules.

You can show up, you could ask any question regarding your unique mechanism, regarding your campaign, regarding your traffic stats, regarding your positioning, your offer, wondering if you're, if you're, uh, help with guidance on your email marketing, if, if your emails could be tightened up, if you truly have nailed your mechanism, if your mechanism is truly unique, um, if your offer is being presented the right way, um, copy tweaks, uh, uh, uh, order form tweaks, anything and everything related to optimizing your marketing campaigns, there is nothing that is not on the, that is off the table that you can't show up and ask for help with. And then the second part, uh, of the call is really exclusive training. So it is, um, trainings that I wish, um, I had known when I had first started, or even some stuff that I kind of wish I, I knew, uh, just even later in my journey that I, I kind of run all of these things through a filter of man, like what is something that I could share that was like, not just common knowledge or, you know, not just something that will make, um, incremental changes in your marketing results, but stuff that was like true needle mover and game changer for me. And so I also do a dedicated training to that. And then on the last Thursday of the month, Todd's call is at 7:00 PM and Todd does, uh, the same thing where he'll just, you know, go deep on a topic, um, but not just, again, we don't just pick random topics.

We're picking things that we truly believe will move the needle in your marketing and in your business. Uh, so, you know, it's all kind of listed out there. You get your campaigns personally reviewed by us. You also get, um, any workshops that we do like this, whether they're part of an offer or, you know, or, or just kind of standalone. Sometimes we do standalone workshops, um, at, at a, uh, specific price.

They're all included in this, uh, membership. And, uh, right now, because you are part of this training, you can try it out for a dollar for two weeks. So basically $1 gets your 14 day access. So you'll get access to my call on Thursday. I'm then the following call after that.

So you could just jump in, bring your questions. Normally we go 90 minutes, but I've, there are times I've went longer than that. I don't stop until every single question gets answered. And you walk away with complete clarity and understanding, zero guesswork about what you should do and how you should do it, and how fast you should be implementing stuff, and what exactly you should be implementing, um, in order to see the results that you're looking for. So, again, if you enroll, uh, because you are on this call with this specific link that we have here, you get 14 day access for a dollar after that, it's 2 97 per month.

Um, and you can cancel at any time. And so this is what we found to be, uh, I would say the fairest and most economical way to really give you guys the help and guidance that we know, uh, will really help you. This is not, in all fairness, Paul, this is not, this is, this is them taking advantage of us. Let's be, let's be, let me be crystal clear with this, right? All kidding aside, guys, this is a ridiculous offer.

This, the E five Alliance really is a ridiculous offer because, right? So to put things in perspective, right? So our top one mastermind members, right? We, we recently, you know, I, I finished that out after years of doing the top one mastermind just 'cause I wanted to move on to other things. They were paying over $45,000 a year to be part of that, to get, you know, um, one-on-one guidance.

And they certainly, they weren't getting weekly, weekly guidance from, um, from anybody on the team. And then when, right when, um, Paul really, you know, pushed to have a very intimate small group because he loves coaching and guiding people and helping people to have breakthroughs the way that he does, um, I decided, all right, you know what, Paul, I'll, I'll come along with you and I'll do, you know, a call once a month. Um, and so at 2 97 a month, right? Like it's, it, you know, compared to what people were paying before for the top one mastermind, this is absolutely ludicrous to be able to get one-on-one guidance from Paul in a group setting or one-on-one guidance or answers direction from me in a group setting. And when I say a group setting, right, it's an intimate setting.

And so I don't believe that we ever have more than 15 people on a call at any one point. So you will always be able to get your questions answered, um, on my, my monthly call, um, from Paul. Um, and I'll tell you for what it's worth, I don't even think I shared this with you, Paul, real quick and then I'm gonna answer, um, another question came in, uh, and I'm gonna answer that, you know, it's a, it's a cool thing for me because doing this monthly call, because what I'm really doing is I'm taking the most essential, most kind of critical lessons that I've learned over the, the, the multiple decades of doing this. The things that I used to share in one-on-one calls with top one members, you know, my, my highest level clients, like I said, paying over $45,000 a year, and I'm teaching that to the E five Alliance members, giving them the stuff that I wish I learned very early on about, you know, like over the last, the last couple sessions we talked about, you know, LTV, uh, uh, we talked about, uh, customer acquisition cost to a OV, um, targeting it, the three different levels of acquisition, aggression, understanding how much you should pay for a, um, pay for a customer. We talked about, you know, monetization windows.

We talked about moving the, you know, how to move the A OV, how to move the, the, the CPA, like just killer stuff that the, the best of the best direct response entrepreneurs and marketers understand and utilize to move their businesses. And so for me, it's almost now this kind of unique opportunity where I almost feel like I get to monthly, you know, mentor a very small group of, you know, of entrepreneurs that I'm, I'm, I am turning into, um, beasts and, and right? And then when they get the direct feedback from you on the big idea on their lead, on targeting, on research, on media, buying on CTAs, on guarantees, on copy, on follow up, on ai, simplifying all this, like, it's just a, a, a wild combination. And so, um, it's a no brainer if you wanna experience it yourself for a buck, go to that, go to the URL on the page, sorry, didn't have time to shorten it to something pretty. There you go.

Pages Todd brown.me/e five dash alliance, dash trial, dash offer. Uh, and um, and there you go. And like I said, you could experience it for 14 days. Uh, you could read all about it on that page that Paul put together for you, and it's a complete no-brainer. And so with that, let me take the other question that came in.

Sandy said, thank you. I sell a special type of calling agent, but since other people also sell it, how can I say that mine has this unique mechanism? So I would ask you this, so I want you to think about this. So, um, a couple things. So, right, unless you are selling exactly, unless what your people are getting, um, your, let's say your customers, let's call 'em customers, what, unless what your customers are getting from you and experiencing from you is identical from beginning to end to what it is that they would get from your competitors, I don't necessarily mean the, the core product itself, like the, the special type of calling agent.

If there there's any addition, like, you know, if there's any addition to what it is that you provide, what it is that you give, if there is a special onboarding, if there is special track, like if there's anything different in the way that you, um, work with care for, um, and, and help your customers, that, that could make up your unique mechanisms. So a great example of this is, I used to get this question all the time, many, many moons ago. Um, I used to work with chiropractors. So when I first started indirect response many, many years ago, um, when I was in my early twenties, um, I worked with massage therapists, and then I went from massage therapists to chiropractors. And right, I was talking about the unique mechanism, you know, with, uh, to chiropractors back then.

Uh, I wasn't actually calling it the unique mechanism back then, but I used to say to chiropractors, I used to say, right, like, your job isn't to sell people on chiropractic care. Your job is to sell people on chiropractic care with you, right? If all you're doing is selling them on the value of chiropractic care, you're just selling them on the commodity that they can then say, thank you, Dr. Smith, and they can go up the road to another chiropractor or that way to another chiropractor or that way to another chiropractor. And so what chiropractors used to say all the time is, but I'm, I'm just offering chiropractic care.

There's a, there's a doctor that way, five miles that way, five miles that way, five miles that way, and five miles that way also offering chiropractic care. And I would explain to them that, well, unless everything that you do with a patient from the moment that the patient walks in to the moment that the patient leaves is identical to what the other chiropractors around you are doing, you're not offering a commodity. You're offering your approach to chiropractic care. So maybe the way that the chiropractor, um, analyzes or diagnoses, you know, um, a patient's problems, you know, the different types of, um, tests that they put them through, the different types of x-rays that they, that they do, right? Maybe that changes things.

Maybe that changes the treatment plan. Maybe the way that they use muscle stem and massage coordinated with chiropractic, they call it their, right, it's their their TRICARE approach. It's not just simple chiropractic care. We use a, you know, a Trinity model of chiropractic care, which is a unique combination of massage muscle stem, as well as chiropractic adjustments. And it's through that, you know, Trinity Care approach that we're able to get such stellar results for our people.

So the thing that you have to think about is that if you're doing everything identical to what your competitors are doing, right? Well, unless you're doing everything identical to what your competitors are doing, right, then you have the opportunity to package and present what it is that you're offering as a unique mechanism. If what you're doing is identical to what everybody else is doing, then I would tell you, right, that you absolutely should change things because right? Then why should somebody come to you buy from you instead of anybody else, right? Like, that's a question like if, if, if always, if the answer is like, I don't really know why somebody should buy from me compared to somebody else, well, that's a good indication that we need to do some work on your business.

We need to do some work on your offer, we need to do some work on your positioning. We need to do some work on your framing, right? Because you should absolutely be able to answer that question and answer it very easily, and then take the answer to that question and put it at the forefront of your marketing, because that is what people wanna know, right? It's, you know, it's the, nobody is making these decisions right in, in isolation. You know, Paul made a great point earlier, you know, when he said like, almost every, you know, for lack of a better, better expression, almost every value judgment that we make, right, is comparative, is contrasting and comparing with something else, right?

If we say this, you know, this pizza was great. Well, right, great, great meaning, it, it, there, there's a comparison, there's a benchmark, right? That we're right in that, or, or this was terrible or this didn't work well. Like there's, there, right, there is a, a comparison and contrast going on. And so it's essential that, um, that you, you're able to have that in your business because that's one of the primary questions that a prospective customer wants answered.

And the single best way to answer it is with a unique mechanism through an E five campaign. And so hope that helps, Sandy, thank you. That was a very helpful explanation. Awesome. So Steven asks, I'm in high ticket B2B technical solution with high, high, high touch per lead and per sale.

I may be wrong, but most direct response seems to be tailored to B2C or low ticket B2B sales. Would someone like me get as much value from this group? So let me address this. So, you know, a couple things. So, um, so number one, right?

Like what I would say is what I would be using is direct response. So primarily you see a lot more direct response, you see a lot more B2C direct response than you do, um, B2B, right? Um, but that's only because there is more B2C commerce that takes place. There's more offers for B2C than there are B2B, which is why you primarily see B2C direct response. But direct response is absolutely still used with B2B.

It's just that what direct response is used to do in B2B is not produced a complete sale. So because, you know, um, there's a much longer sales cycle with, you know, B2B, especially higher ticket and much more, like you said, Steven, touch points along the way, you know much more, uh, intimacy if you will in there. Direct response plays a different role. Direct response may get you an appointment with somebody, it may get your foot in the door. It's not necessarily the vehicle that's going to close the sale for you, right?

Um, um, what was I gonna say? Just like really the truth is, is that in, in B2C, in high ticket B2C, right? More often than not, direct response isn't being used to close the sale. It's rare that, let's say a $10,000 product is being closed purely through direct response marketing. That usually requires a phone call, a sales team, an appointment, a strategy session, a closer, a setter, you know, some combination of that.

And so in that regard, right, direct response is still used, but it's just used at a, a different point in the quote unquote sales cycle. And so, um, and so hopefully that answers the first part of your question. The second part of your question, would someone like me get as much value from this group? So I'll, I'll tell you that the, the, I would, I would, if you're only, if you are going to be using direct response marketing to either generate leads or generate appointments, um, or get your foot in the door, if you're not gonna be using direct response marketing as part of your process, then I would say no, it's not, it's not for you. But if you're willing to use direct response as part of your process, uh, um, then absolutely.

And so hope that answers, um, the question for you, um, Steven, and so that, that, that one, okay. And so that is all she wrote. My hope and prayer for you guys and gals is that you really embrace the unique mechanism for all that it, it, it has to offer you that you go the distance with the unique mechanism. I promise you that it will be an absolute, um, game changer for you. It, it changes everything when it comes to marketing.

It's been the single most valuable thing that I've come to understand, the single most valuable asset that I've come to learn and understand and master in my entire entrepreneurial journey. Um, it is, it's the thing that powers the most successful direct response campaigns today. I can tell you that most of the, the, the overwhelming majority of the biggest offers would not be anywhere close to as successful as they are without the proper use of a unique mechanism. That's what Paul and I want for you guys and gals. And so I want you to embrace it.

Please listen to me. Do not go and get enamored by the easy push button solution that other people are going to present to you. Do not get enamored by the automated little whizzbang tools that you can get for 29 bucks that promise you they can, they can solve all of your problems. What you wanna do is you wanna focus your marketing around a unique mechanism. And when you do, you'll be able to go deep into your marketplace.

You'll have sustainable marketing, you'll have evergreen marketing, you'll have marketing that produces predictable and consistent results for you. You'll be able to invest to get more and more and more people into your, um, pipeline. Um, and life will become very exciting for you as an entrepreneur. The reality is, it really does only take one campaign to change a business, one campaign done right, built off the back of a sound solid, unique mechanism. And that's what Paul and I want for each of you.

And so there you go. That is the end of the training. And if you wanna try for the next two weeks, the E five Alliance, see what it's like to get your handheld personal one-on-one guidance from me, from Paul. You wanna learn the best of the best from the best of the best, then you want to go to pages dot Todd brown.me/e five dash alliance, dash trial dash offer. Question Mark Todd is great.

Dash Paul is okay too. That will bring you to the same page. No, all kidding, you see it right there. Go. I hope to see you guys inside.

It's been our pleasure, uh, being with you guys tonight, educating you, teaching you hopefully inspiring you and hopefully leading you, um, to value the unique mechanism even more. Make sure that you're using that GPT. If you've got additional questions, go into the E five group and post away. And I hope to see each of you inside the E five Alliance. And so with that, take care.

Goodnight. God bless you guys, and hopefully we'll see you next time. And so take care all.
