---
title: "Top 1 Day 2 2023-02-02 14:35:54"
date: 2023-02-02
duration: 3h 47m
duration_seconds: 13672
vimeo_id: 795335565
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Top 1 Day 2 2023-02-02 14:35:54

**Date:** 2023-02-02 | **Duration:** 3h 47m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Chance of you screwing up in the highest probability of you making it. Okay, so when we create campaigns we have different types of people that we can speak to in our Market just like there are different clubs on a golf course. And here's the good news that as marketers and as salespeople, we actually get to cheat just like I let you cheat on the golf course for million dollars. Okay. So here's the exercise.

I want you guys to take out a pad of paper or you know, write this down or do whatever you have to take notes and draw this diagram because we can dial in your closest to the whole customer right here. And right now it is that simple, okay. so I want you to create this concentric circle like three four circles up here. And label it Zone 4 Zone 3 Zone 2 Zone 1 and then this is ultimately making the sale. Okay.

now your potential customers represent these four zones. And so this closest to the conversion hole exercise means that the closer someone is the conversion hole or their current situation. The easier they are to convert. The biggest mistakes that I see when people are creating a message for their potential customers are number one. They're speaking to someone who is zoned three zone four and they're trying to knock it in the hole from way back here.

Which means they are unknowingly forcing themselves to make have to make two or three extra conversions or Strokes. And not realizing that those people take the longest time to convert and the most effort and they're the least likely to convert. Okay. So when you're creating a message, I want you to think about and we're gonna go through I'm Gonna Give You examples of who these customers actually represent and by the end of it. I promise you you will have your own closest to the whole customers, right?

so We'll give you a couple of examples right imagine that you have an options trading course or any sort of financial trading course, okay? As we look at all four of these different types of people. There's only one question. I want you to ask yourself, okay? What do I need to say to convince each one of these people to buy my products?

Okay, what do I need to say to that person to convince them to buy my product. So we're going to start in zone four zone four. Now again, this is how to make money with options trading. Okay zone four furthest away from the hole that could be any what potentially relevant to our audience. This is someone who wants to build a side hustle wants to make money and has not yet expressed interest in stock market investing.

Okay, so let me ask you a question. What do I need to say to this person to convince him to buy my high ticket or low ticket product on options trading? Well, I probably need to talk to him and say Okay, cool. So you want to make money you want to make a side income stream? Awesome, you know I've got this awesome program on how to make money with options trading.

Oh, well, I'm you know, I'm considering Amazon or I'm considering Drop Shipping or e-commerce or any number of different things. That's my competition up here. I have to sell them on the opportunity of why options trading is better than all of these other different different opportunities. Once I then convince him that hey you should really consider options trading or just consider stock market investing. I have to first convince them to okay, you need to become a Trader or you need to at least decide that making money in the stock market is the best way for you to make money.

So I have to come back all these objections up here. Why all the other opportunities are bad and making money the stock market are good. That's a tall order and that's a different message. And there's a lot of things that I need to talk about. Just just to get him.

Into Zone 3 from Zone 4 to Zone 3 of a lot of messages that I need to talk to them about and convincing him. But let's say I do that and I convinced them. Okay. I I think I should become a Trader. Well now I have to convince him.

That you convincing somebody go from three to Zone 2. I have to convince him that options trading is the best way. Within trading within the stock market to make money because there's a whole bunch of different ways to make money in the stock market versus just options trading. So now I have to combat all those questions. What about day trading?

What about Forex? What about crypto, right? So somebody who's right here. I have to convince them that all of the other options are bad within the stock market you guys follow me so far. So then I go into zone two and now it's like okay this person's already investing in the stock market, but with another strategy that's convincing them to go into options.

But let's say I do convince him to him or her to go into options now, I need to convince him that That my method of options trading is the best way for because there's a lot of different methods of options trading, right? So every single one of these zones has lots of different conversations that I need to have with that person to convince them to go to the next stage the next stage the next stage. Ideally, what we want to get to is right here in zone 1. And if we can get to somebody who is already tried. The mechanism or already tried like a different method but has failed we can get so laser dialed in with the messaging and sales messaging that converts.

Because there's very few things that I need to overcome to get them to buy my product. Does that make sense? Okay, so your message becomes extremely effective when I speak to somebody who's already trying to Method that's similar to mine but has failed tried and failed. Like if you can write three words down. That's what I want you to write.

Try it and failed. How do I speak to somebody who has tried and failed? Like very similar methodology to me. So basically just comparing two different products. Okay.

Another example, right NLP personal development. This is somebody who sells a course on personal development using NLP techniques the same exact thing somebody who's really far away. They're just curious about personal development. Just oh, okay. That sounds that sounds nice.

I think I've I'd like to I didn't realize there was this industry out there, right? So they're very very far away from that conversion hole Zone 3 would be somebody who's interested in personal development but hasn't tried any specific strategies yet. So in two has gone to some let's say they've gone to some personal development events, or maybe they bought some books. They've read some books, but they haven't yet tried NLP, which is my sub Niche within personal development. It's the methodology that they've tried right and now Zone one my ideal customer.

If someone who's already tried NLP for personal development, but failed. right So if we can think about this now and think about this in your own business with your own offer, how do you speak to somebody who is already tried and failed to achieve the desired result that you give them? The questions you want to ask what tools programs and techniques had they tried but failed. Okay, why did those tools programs and techniques fail to get them results and how can you speak to that specific person and explain to them the reason why those failed And how your solution is different faster or better? This has been the simplest exercise that I've ever done to.

Kind of shortcut all my typical Avatar questions like my demographics. Oh, what's their situation if I can just speak speak to? What they've already tried and failed everything else is inferred and I can just get laser focused on what do my results provide for them? And it becomes drastically easier. Okay, so that makes sense everybody.

So that was my teaching component. I had I went through that fast. So thank you for tuning in. I so here's recent proof of how Zone one campaigns consistently allow me to break and rewrite the rules to generate million dollar campaigns like clockwork. All right, so I pulled the three recent client projects that we launched within the past.

30 days and and this is all focusing on Zone one, right Zone one campaigns closest to the conversion hole. This project is state law firm in a box. So he is a my client here is a lawyer and he is helping other lawyers generate income and getting into the estate practice. He's generating leads for them. He's closing sales from that's a really really cool offer but didn't know how to generate an appointment.

So these are all high ticket funnels like going to book a call to a sales call, right? So the result we spent about 2,500 got about 51 High ticket applications for about 50 dollars each. For $180,000 offer. And here's the thing. These guys are pre-sold.

They know the price. Okay, the funnel that we are driving them to and I will I've got this I've got the web pages up, but it's very very simple. Okay. Sales ad to a short sales page to an application to a loom video to book a call and then on that loom video we give them the whole price. There's nothing nothing hidden.

It's not your typical like oh book a call. We need to make sure you're right fit. No we give them the full price because it's a hundred eighty thousand dollar price tag, right? And we're crushing it. We have never produced better leads better High ticket leads than for this client.

It's it's absolutely incredible. So the the high ticket sales funnel, right? It goes add to sales page to 20 minute. Loom video, which is me by the way of a Google doc. It's a Google slide undesigned, you know undesigned slide Deck with a price reveal scheduling call and a close Okay.

So this is what the ad looks like. simple scales guys like creative It doesn't get any easier than this. Okay, like this is the newsfeed ad and this like this is our template. This is our testing methodology, which I could go this a whole other, you know ball of wax. But like here it is we start with this, right?

so on the next slide I have yeah, okay. So there we go, right. So this is the creator. That's why I showed this. This is the creative like the image.

It's very very simple new speed at only running on Facebook right now. and I will read this and I'm sure we're gonna share the slides or whatnot. So you guys can get get the copy. This type of copy just just kills it. This is sales copy guys.

You guys know the difference between marketing and sales copy right marketing to generate leads, like get free reports generate. The list sales is getting there to make a decision. Okay, I will pay more. For a sales qualified lead then I will for a marketing qualified lead. I might pay five or ten bucks for a lead to get them on my list.

I'm paying 30 40 50 bucks. For somebody to read this click it and book a call with me. All right, so I'll read this real quick. I have three funnels up here and three ads. I don't know how much time we have.

Oh, there's the clock. So I'll read this. We'll see how many we can get through right lawyers and attorneys that offer the entrepreneurs trust a niche planning Niche estate planning service through law firm in a box or even are able to easily add six figures to their bottom line. And here's how so I'll stop right there because I do want to break this down a little bit this ad. Is what I call a product convince ad.

What am I doing with the first sentence? What was that? identifying yeah Say that again. Exactly. I'm coming right out with my product name.

Like this is what I've got for you. And this is what it's gonna do for you. Here's the result. Here's the product. Here's what it's gonna do for you.

If you guys want laser focused copy and a laser focused framework that produces sales qualified leads use this use this lead. Like if you want to produce High ticket calls or sell any sort of product lead with the products. Okay Anyone who reads this knows they're being pitched. Okay, and that's the that's the key like I want somebody to know they're being pitched because I'm not trying to bait and switch them and I don't want to do any sort of crazy sales taxes. That's not my that's not my my thing.

Right? So here's the product law firm in a box. This is the product that we offer inside a law firm box, right? They're here's the benefit easily add six figures their bottom line. And here's how boom boom boom for reasons.

Why There I can back up that claim. right Are you interested right? My name is simpadinti work as a lawyer for businesses. And I know that the things that I've said above or sound a little crazier unbelievable, but I also know what it's like to be a lawyer or partner and a firm that's struggling or and trying to grow. You've seen marketing agencies and Lead providers make promises.

They didn't keep you are many different hats to make sure your business runs. Well, you're constantly looking for new clients and leads and you have a lot of different deals just to keep your business going. This right here. Is identifying my zone 1 Avatar? What have they tried and failed and I'm just I'm just laying it all out there.

I know your situation. Okay. I know everything that you're going through right now and here's why. being so direct with this That's how I know. I'm targeting the right person right that zone one person who's ready to Solve that problem, okay.

And you know a lot of different deals just to keep your business going today. I'm giving you a chance to get rid of all those problems and clone my entire Law Firm including my fulfillment team. I'm looking for a small number of Partners install my law firm in a box in their local market those who meet the requirements are chosen and are chosen will become an extension of my law firms practice. This means they'll be able to Market is I'm just repeating those those same benefits if you have the right Law Firm partners, If you have the right Law Firm Partners, this could easily add six six figures. Your bottom line says you won't have to pay for marketing or higher more people all that is done for you by us.

If this sounds interesting fell out an application to learn more important. We only want to work with attorneys lawyers and law firms. Don't apply. If you don't meet these requirements on the information call. We're going to talk about the following, okay.

selling step two is really really critical to setting clear expectations the amount of people who go through the application and book a call is extremely high when you set proper expectations on what the next steps are just like any sales pitch when you go through the offer. Okay, cool. Here's my bonus stack. Here's everything else. What's gonna happen after I after I submit my order here's what's gonna happen, you're gonna get a an email confirmation.

You're gonna get login access, etc. Etc. You always have to sell the next step like it's so critical and many people miss it. Okay, so that's what I'm doing right here. The next step is this on the information call.

We're going to talk about the following. What do most people hate about sales calls? They have no idea what the agenda is? Okay, they have no idea what's going to be on that sales call and they think they're just going to be Bamboozled high pressure sales. Etc etc.

This is what we're going to talk about. What's the model of law firm in a box? What kind of chance does the virtual Law Firm have? I don't know what that question means what kind of chances of the whatever it's working. Why do we want to work with local law firms?

What are the duties of the partner? How much can you invest and how much can you get back spots are limited. Zip code exclusivity applies. Click on the link to find more. If you can follow this framework in and make it work for your business like it is so powerful guys.

It's so powerful. And if you generate applic, if you don't generate applications from this, then the data will tell you they have to just you have to change your promise. Like you have to hit a promise that your Market absolutely wants. This is what the funnel looks like. This came out very strange.

But so that ad drives to a very short sales page and this sales page. This copy is essentially the exact same copy that's on the ad is very very similar. Okay, we focus way more on this right here. Then on this if they read that ad they're basically pre-sold already, right? There's not a whole lot more information.

I'm giving them on that next page. I use the news feed as a sales letter. It's just the sales letter on social media. So I don't ever get hung up with with this stuff right here. This is couple hundred words at most.

And it's already on repetitive of what we already talked about on the ad, but this is what I talk about attention law firms and lawyers bolt on this estate law firm in a box and create a brand new six-figure income stream without staff overhead lead generation ads marketing drafting or fulfillment costs. You may even want to shut down your existing practice. They read that. Then they go down here. Here's my short sales letter at the bottom.

That is an it's just an application, right so they felt the application running the landing page. Once they do that. I send them to a short 20 minute loom video and this is what it looks like. I don't even go full screen. So like the slides are over here.

It's just it's undesigned. It's just here's the information. Right and this is me. So I record this on behalf of my client as we're just validating this offer and it's doing very very well. Then I said and this is at the bottom after you watch the entire video schedule time to answer your questions and determine how to get started, right?

I can't make it any more clear. Right? It's like it's an information call. And how do we get started at the end of this video which they can scroll like it's not like You know, it's not like I'm forcing them to watch the entire video. They can go and Skip through and do whatever they want.

But I talk about the price right? It's 5K down and then we lock them in for a three year commitment at 5K per month. All the conversations we've had been extremely positive. We've got people who are like and we've got, you know, our first round of clients come in. It's it's an incredible.

Incredible method and this is one of just dozens of funnels that we built like this right after they book The Call. They go a quick think a quick, you know, I thank you page. I just have a webinar recording that that my client did to give him a little bit more information but nine out of 10 funnels that we build. We don't even put a we don't even put a thank you page video on here. So it's just hey, thanks.

We look forward to talking to you. Okay? All right. I project number two ecomm solutions. So this is my first client that I ever worked with in the webinar agency.

We just signed on for a second second project. He's a former top one member Jason O'Neill. So we launched his campaign about a week week and a half ago. So this ad leads them this weird ad leads them to our our same funnel Right add sales page and application schedule call and closing at 8 to 15,000 offer. We launched this last week.

So far we spent 550 bucks. He's already closed one sale at $15,000. All of this is from cold traffic by the way, 15,000 and he has two more six and a half thousand dollar deals pending from just eight leads eight applications from the first 550 dollars we spent Okay. I'm so those are the results right here about 68 dollars per per application, you know, we budget about a hundred dollars a day to test and that's it. If we're not generating an application for less than a hundred bucks.

We kill it. Okay, I kill it because I know my offer and my messaging is off. Like I know these numbers and if I can't get applications for less than $100. I try new message. I try new angle.

I try a new hook. I don't blow a whole lot of a lot of AD dollars, right? It's it's a very lightweight testing process. I won't read through the entire thing. But this is a new another unique angle that a lot of you can can model right.

I love hooks. I love leads. This one was actually written by Ai and I had a blast mess with it. You know, we talked to John a ton with what he's doing. He's like the rock star and AI this was Chad GPT and me just messing around with some prompts and when it spit this out, I mean it spit out like 90% of what you see but what it spit out was like this lead.

Of identifying my clients like you're an Amazon Seller you love e-commerce, you love helping people you love the hustle and bustle and the satisfaction of a job. Well done, but you hate dealing with supply chain issues Inventory management and increased competition, especially when you could be out there finding more profitable products to sell. Well, guess what? The good news is there's now an easier way to deal with your supply chain issues. So you can focus on what matters most finding profitable products and growing your store sales econ Solutions Platinum partnership is the first solution of this kind to offer complete and end distribution solution for Amazon FBA Sellers and wholesalers.

This is not a marketing system. This is not a coaching program. This is a complete solution exclusively for FBA sellers guaranteed to grow your bottom line without hiring more staff dealing with suppliers. They're struggling consistent to consistently find products to sell. We give you a proven partnership with bedded suppliers.

We do the Fulfillment and prep work. We even send you profitable products to sell. Yes. You read that, right? You're an Amazon seller because you love helping people and you know, this is a lucrative business model.

Don't let an administrative headache stop you from doing what matters most growing your bottom line. If you're interested click the link to apply do the nature of the partnership spots are limited apply now. Okay. The framework of this is I it was so powerful, right? So the hook is here's who you are.

Here's all the things you love about. Your career your job your business, but here's the big problem that you face. Okay. What have they tried and failed? I ordered it was.

Um, yeah, so what they tried and failed was this list, right? Oh, it was right here, right? So what they have already purchased is they've purchased Marketing Systems in the past. They've purchased coaching programs in the past. So I'm speaking to that zone one client who's already invested in trying to solve the problem.

And that's who I'm calling out, right? This is a partnership. This is a done-for-use system. Like our warehouse is here in in Jacksonville, Florida, and I know that market and they were sold a false feel good with lots of done for you Amazon stores, right? So that's who we're speaking to.

This is extremely effective and here's my big blue ad again, you know simple but very very effective. funnel you've seen this before, right? headline short sales page to application. This one has no video, right? There's no mini webinar.

There's no sales video just straight to book a call. And then I thank you page again. No video. He's already closed at 15K deal. Got two more six and a half thousand dollar deals in the pipe.

Simple scales guys. This is this is really really the message that I'm trying to trying to hammer home. It's been helpful so far. Great. All right.

Last project is Premier Excel. I was really nervous about these clients not they're great guys, but this is like that we're going to the coaching the coach's niche. There's like not more of a competitive like well a competitive Niche right now in in the info products page then coaches who help other coaches grow their business so they came to me and they're like, hey, you know, we're doing well, but we just want to get more applications and more book calls and like it. All right. Let's do it.

I was you know, I'll we'll give it a go. And they are crushing it. We launch them 30 days ago and we spent $8,300 in ads and we've generated 72,000 in Revenue in the first 30 days. 354 applications at $23 per application right These guys are incredible to work with and I was nervous about about starting this but the results have just you know spoken for themselves. I did not put the ad up here.

No, I apologize. I didn't come it. Similar ads right similar ads. I thought I put the ad on this one. But anyway, this one's a little more different design.

But same thing core headline a little bit about us application schedule. Thank you page with you. They had this professional video docu series built we did not produce this for them. They had this as their own asset same flow. Right and the key thing is guys, they're speaking to Zone one coaches who've tried to get, you know, get Employments get sales and the core promise here is like give us 14 days and we'll help you sign your next paying for social media guarantee.

The biggest thing that they these people want is they want clients guaranteed clients. They don't really want to coaching program. They don't want all this other stuff. Is help us get clients. And when you can get laser focused and dialed it on your promise specifically with Zone one you open up the floodgates.

Oh here it is right here. Just put on the on the wrong page. So give us 14 days. We'll help you sign your next paying for social media guaranteed recording twon we specialize in helping coaches, escape the freebie trap constantly giving away free advice by helping them attractive close right fit prospects who happily pay for their expertise. We'll help you dial in your offer deployer a strategy distinguish yourself remark, and as a result, you'll sign your next paying client be perfectly positioned for $10,000 months in Beyond.

It's the same methodology. We use to grow approaching business from zero to nine to five clients and over a million dollars and 14 months if you're ready. Click the book a call and apply right. Now we do Target we specifically Target like leadership coaches like John C Maxwell certified coaches. So we did laser focus in on their Niche instead of just going broad to all coaches.

And that is one of the reasons why this works so well, I was excited. That was one of the reasons why I took them on because I knew we could laser focus on that edge, but still Zone one guys All right. So I'm just about finished. I really hope I didn't go too long. I was trying to go as fast as possible.

I'm only one minute and 50 seconds over. So let's go. I hope you don't mind. I actually gave you both presentations in one. So that is the exactly how to find people who will give you 180 thousand dollars in less than 20 minutes from cold traffic and the weird little ad that can prove your next million dollar campaign.

So that's what I've got. So I want to share something. I want to take a right turn for one second. I was awesome. And so thank you so much for sharing that with everybody.

I want to take just a few minutes and I want you guys to listen to me because I'm gonna share a lesson with you of the way that I think about marketing and how I look for hooks angles and points of differentiation. And so number one. If you look at Joel's presentation and you look at that metaphor if you will or the analogy of the playing golf, right and that if you're starting at the t-box, right your chances is X and and here on The Fairway and and right and what it what did he say said something like I'm gonna show you how to how to basically cheat at golf. Like how much better do you think you could do at golf if I showed you away to every time have your ball one foot from the the whole right? Like that's wildly compelling and everybody in this.

Room was thinking in some form or fashion that yeah, if I could do that, I'd be I'd be crushing it at golf. I'd be crushing everybody like that would be amazing. Why because everybody else is starting back here. Everybody else is is here and if I can leave right? So the first thing that I noticed right away was that that's a wildly compelling like conversion metaphor that he could use right even in a in a vsl in a webinar if he wanted he could he could present everybody else is playing golf the traditional way everybody else is starting at the t-box.

Everybody else has these these complex campaigns that require these for clubs from this distance and the odds and and whatnot. Well, I'm gonna show you how to play the game of golf very differently where you're one foot from the hole every time you don't need four clubs. You only need one club right your chances of scoring go through the roof, right? Do you think that you could be a successful golfer? Do you think you need years of lessons to write do you think you need all the code?

Right? Everybody gets that that's a simple analogy a Metaphor simple picture to understand so that was the very first thing that I noticed right and I share that with you, right? That's an analogy. That's a metaphor that can be used to sell that can be right and that I I've never seen anybody else present it that way and I thought wow that's an unbelievable simple way to to frame the the value of what it is that I'm that I'm about to teach you. Then the next thing that I that I saw was what did Joel say?

He said the three words who remembers the three words. He said at the very beginning of his presentation. I want you to remember these three words right tried, but failed tried but failed immediately. I said to myself. You know what?

I don't think there's anybody out there that's teaching. How do you you know, how do you create a campaign for the tried but failed? Tried but failed folks, right? Like there's nobody out. There's people teaching how to create a marketing campaign to acquire customers.

There's people teaching all kinds of different campaigns to acquire customers, right but is anybody niching down to a very specific segment of the market being the tribe but failed and that is the progression that we see in every Market you see going from a general to a specific right? And so I immediately said to myself there is nobody that's teaching like I immediately said to myself man. I would be interested in learning a in being able to install a campaign and our business that's designed to that's designed for the tribe but failed people and right it's like cheating where I'm a foot from the whole so that was the second thing that I that I immediately saw the third thing in line with that what got me excited right and I don't mean to crush the focus. So let's write so we'll have to talk about this. Um, but I immediately said right there is an argument to be made a sound argument to be made for why the tried but failed segment of the market is growing like crazy because it's never been easier to put up campaigns.

So people are selling stuff that's garbage AI is now allowing for the creation of ebooks and courses and copy. That's all garbage. So what's happening? There are more people buying more people getting garbage products and therefore more people not getting the results. So this Market this segment of the market of tried but failed is growing and 99% of entrepreneurs are not taking advantage of it.

I'm going to equip you with that right hence why this is like cheating at at golf. And so you see how you've got these three pieces that to me. It's like try but failed nobody nobody addressing that wildly compelling. Had a four to use in the right in the in the marketing and sales presentation. You've got a sound argument for why that whole tribe failed exists the segment exists and is growing and the other thing the last thing that somewhat in in line with this that I immediately saw was, you know, Joel hammered home this idea and he's always been so great at this the idea of Highly qualified leads, right?

Like, you know, one thing that you don't you don't hear from from Joel is right, like getting you know, dozens and dozens and dozens of appointments, you know, and and I personally like every day dozens and doesn't avoidance every day. I never understood I could never understand the life me how many of you have seen the ads folks that are selling to you know to coaches when they're like your calendar will go from this where it's like empty to this and it's filled with appointments. I'm like that looks horrible to me. Like I don't know. It's awful to me like who wants who sees that is like, yes.

Yeah, and so right so what they're there And everybody in their brother is talking about how to load up your calendar how to get filled with appointments. Right? Well just like in any Marketplace There's an opportunity to come in and do the opposite and be the low volume guy right be the guy that can say will will Bank the same amount of money. We'll enroll the same amount of clients right with one fifth of the amount of appointments. We're the low volume.

We're the get rich slowly, right and as crazy as it sounds that get rich slowly was a headline from Gary benzovanga and it became a control for many years that couldn't be knocked off in a sea of how to get rich quickly how to get rich overnight. And so there's a wild opportunity for Joel to go in there and be the low volume my point in sharing that with you is where does my mind go different in contrast not in line with everybody else? I don't want to be saying the Thing just better right than everybody else. I don't want to try to convey the same message and figure out a wordsmith's way to say it better more articulate than them. I want a different angle.

I want a different approach. I want a different metaphor. I want a different campaign a different mechanism, right? I want a different set of proof. I want an argument this argument of right how many people how many marketers how many campaigns out there are talking about this growing segment of tried but failed because of Ai No One no one if Joel was the guy that was presenting that to the marketplace.

He would be the first they would be like that's interesting. I've never heard anybody else talk about that. That's compelling. That's where you've got a great marketing message. That's where you've got something different.

That's where you've got contrast you guys see that. Yes. Good job, buddy. Yeah, so it I will say I did cut the I cut the presentation just a couple of slides short because it does like end with like there's only three words. I want to remember cheat at golf.

So, okay. I did one. Just highlight that and thanks guys. Thanks, man. Super fun super compelling.

All right, so we're gonna bring up next. front Mr. Paulo Paulo's done some tremendous things also holds the biggest affiliate marketing event in the world down in Brazil slated for about 6 or 7,000 people this year, which is enormous. So super exciting is gonna share what he's done. His side will be up in a second to basically get to Seven figures Plus in less than 14 months with a specific brand and product and so Paulo.

Is coming up in just a second you still? All right, while we're waiting are Apollo's wearing pants. I have no idea what his calves look like. So I'll see what I can find out later. Really.

It is great. Like look, you know, you have something great. You know when when you're listening to something and even here we're like I want to just buy what was talked about like, I want to buy that like, so it's good. So Paulo you're up buddy. Thank you.

Where are the pointer? Oh cool. Hey guys. Yeah. Can you do full screen?

view view full screen mode and that should work. It was you or me you okay? Okay guys, I want to share you to share with you my it couple it could funnel strategy that made me the two comma Club award in 14 months. It's a simple strategy that I shared with some of you yesterday and I want to explain exactly what what we are doing and how we are doing so the famous picture and okay, let's start with the with the high ticket. With high ticket funnel.

So it's a simple process the itickets offer qualification form calendly schedule email sequence. So it's it's nothing new for you guys. I think the approach probably could be quite different from what you guys are doing. So we have four pages on on our click funnels sales funnels. We have the front end.

We have the typeforming build on the qualification for the qualification form. Then we have also the calendly scheduling then we have the thank you page and on the on the sales page. On the sales page we are full transparent. Everything is there okay including the price the conditions or many sports are available. Everything is on the sales page.

So we don't need information to use on call because we don't want to waste time on calls with people that don't know. Oh, I didn't know it was 6K. I don't want that. So everything is on the sales page regarding this program. Then we have a limitation right now.

We are not on 24. We are on 28 per class because we do oddsuits on the program and we do seven otsits per week. So it's four weeks then we rotate again and in three months, we have a single person doing three Arts. It's in three months when Arts it's per month. So that's our limit.

We do two classes on the same Edition one in the morning one in the afternoon and we share the content in the middle for both classes at the same time. Okay. The first thing we do is capture the leaf. This is one thing I don't see so common. For example in Brazil they do they do send directly the people to the shackouts or to the qualification form.

I do prefer to capture the lid first because if the guy shut off the process in the middle, we can recover that potential clients contacting him. So we do this with all of our products and we recover cells with WhatsApp. And so this lead pop up it's always the first step. Then we have the qualification form. And the qualification form for me.

On this on this on this program specifically it has 12 steps 12 questions. The first question is, what's your business name? It sounds a simple question but we have 24% Dropout just on the first question because if the guy because if the guy don't have a business he closes immediately the form and the page. We don't we don't want so many leads. We just want the perfect lead.

So the first thing is asking what's your business name and from 3,500 potential potential clients? We got 1,500 scheduling calls. Okay, and we did that to close when under 150 cells. So we close 10% of this. For on the four on the first four editions.

So this Dropout for us. It's really important because I don't want to talk to Anybody I just want to talk with business interpreters, okay? Then we have the questions. Some of the questions are tricky questions. For example, this first one is just what's your Revenue goal for the next 12 months?

And that's fine. This question is about what's your what's your biggest obstacle there is not allowing you to reach the goal. You want to reach and this one? Is really important from one to 10. How compromise you are in achieving that goal.

There are people replying to three. So if the guy is not compromised to achieve that objective. We cancel the call. Okay, this one is is just for just for us to filter the lids and then understand if the guy is compromised or not compromise on that objective. So it's a tricky question.

Then we have the scheduling. On calendly, then we have the success page and that's it. So on the ads one of the things we learned was that and Joel brought that topic to is that our copy is only is always long copy on ads. Always and we found on our heads that long-form copy works better and converts better than short form copy. Okay, so this is our our learning.

Another thing we learned was that. Will will never in the future ever produce. advertisements with designers Okay, we just use plain photos and plain videos. why because If you use raw material, it should it looks like the kind of material you post on social media. Okay, if we produce something with a designer that looks and adds normally the results are not so good.

So we use straight photos from our events and use them without any addition without any text it just photo and the copy. Another thing we do is on email marketing. We do two types of amounts. The first one is storytelling emails. So this is one email.

Okay, this is just one email and as you can see this is this is the the top of the email so the guy there's a narrative and the links are on the bottom. Why because I just want to convert people there are engaged with my storytelling. Okay. This is the kind of emails. We normally do the long form.

This is also a long form and there's always the context for something that the guys are seeing or filling on their businesses for example on this one. Them your price is I Louis Vuitton. 2000 euros for a teddy bear Okay, and then we we do a storytelling about this and why your clients are complaining about the price because you are you you are attracting the wrong client. So there's a narrative for that and the links in the bottom of the email. Then we have the short form and directly direct to the product.

So we use photos from our from our classes and this one has already a link on the top and also links on in the bottom and it's straight to the to the to the objective. Do you want to work with us and 24 hour entrepreneurs? To grow to grow your business blah blah. This one is direct to the product. This is gonna happen.

It's 14 sessions in three months odd seats every week blah blah blah blah. We can help you on this team system cells adds blah blah. So this one is way short and direct so we try both because there are people there are already prepared to take action and there are some people that don't know our work or our product and the long form works better on that. So This is another example. We one of the things we've been trying and it's working good is from our videos.

We take the videos and produce three to five second gifts. And use them on the emails. So it looks like the video is here on the email and it works really really well. So we transform our videos in two in three to five second gifts and it works really well then. We have the results.

So when we launch normally this is my calendar. It's it's a f****** mess. Sorry Tov Sarita, but I like it. 100 and 156 scheduling calls. Okay.

I normally do between 120 to 156 calls or 150 calls per Edition and I'll do how do we work with these guys on commitments? Because you know people schedule a lot of things always but they don't show up. So we one of the things we do is we use WhatsApp. I know you guys you're in us don't use WhatsApp so much you could use text or wherever you you do prefer. But one of the things we do is I approaching the individually every single lead that schedules a call and that's fine.

I see the application. It looks fine. I want to talk with this guy. So I'm gonna approach individually this guy. So the first thing is I Raphael hello here your your application to sell those Masters.

I change the little bit. This message was pre-approved. We have we have a meeting today from 3pm to three three now PM I would like you to Reads all the contents on this page so we can discuss the program in our meeting. That's okay for you. I always end with a question because I want to reply on that question if the guy reply.

Fine, we are done on the day of the call. I'm going to send send him the zoom link to three hours before just to check if everything is okay if the guy didn't reply. To two things could happen. The first one is I try to follow up with them. If I have time I try to follow up with him.

If not, one of the things I do is send this contacts to my support girl and she calls him next day in the morning first thing. This is the script she's using. Okay. One of the things we try to do is try to do to work with him on the commitments for that call. If the guy can't be on the call.

We try to reschedule immediate immediately and one of the things we we say always is please taking care that that Paulo's time is is really valuable and you need to be on that call. So we try to push that art so the guy understands this this is not this something you could schedule and just miss okay because you are wasting Palos time so we try to frame on that. then The closing happens with the contracts we close every single one with the contracts. We made a contract and we send the contracts to all all of our students and when they sense the contract back signs, we send them the invoice and they pay so the first step is sending the contracts then follow up on the contract when they send the contract we close. So this is the way we are doing it.

Second thing is our this is this is a three-month acceleration program. One of the things we do is closing this program with the two-day in-person events. And that's and that's working like charm. It's working really good because we are connecting and creating bones with everyone on the program. And the other thing is that on this in person event.

I can upsell The Next Step. So one of the things we did was after this program and since we are helping entrepreneurs make more sales or accelerate their those businesses, we create that prizes. We are offering to them after they finish the program if they achieve one of these goals one hundred thousand half a million a million five million 10 million. And they prove they did that in cells. We they can apply to receive that price in the next in-person events.

We do with the community. So we have created an all-of-fame of everyone that has already won the prize and we use that in the in the last in-person events and it worked really really well and we have a lot of people that are ready to the prizes and it's it works really well because it became an objective for all of them. I want the next objective. Another thing with this year was created this bracelets and this bracelets go back go back go back. This bracelets as the same colors of every prize we have so when you when you enter the event.

another one back you pick you pick the bracelets with the color of every objective you have and this works really well because after the event everyone is taking pictures with this and is running for this and when they are running for this I'm going the results if I get results, I have proof of the results and it's easier to sell the next one. So it becomes a snowball. To okay, this is our last Edition. We have 56 56 people on both classes and then we pitch them the masterminds so our Mastermind as 20 sessions per year. It's bi-weekly.

We have three three in-person meetings of three days. We have the Q calls they have a quarterly call With me or my my partner we have one of the things we have and this is this this works really well is five slots of two hours with our team members for anything they want so solve their ads problems or their copywriting problems or the funnel problems or wherever we can solve they have five slots of two hours. Then we have a bunch of bonus and also our tribe we sold that with sold that for 14k plus taxes, which is 17 K. And then we are the 33% conversion rate on in person events. So we close 17 members new members on the last in person event.

And after that we one of the things we try to solve this year was that And we we didn't solved on the last editions was that the people that didn't apply for the masterminds or that were rejected on the masterminds. We didn't add a solution for them. So we just stopped working with those people. If you go to The Mastermind, it's fine. We keep working together.

If you don't apply for The Mastermind order you are rejected on The Mastermind. I don't have a solution for you. So we try to solve that and one of the things we understood is that people that don't apply for the masterminds or after running ourselves acceleration program. They add a bunch of work to implement on their businesses. So One of the things we did was creating a second program focused on implementation.

So we did a down cell to all of these members after the in-person event and The Mastermind pitch. We closed 17 new members on The Mastermind and then I made a short list of every single one that I've done the sales exploration program and that could be a fit for this implementation program and I schedule calls with every single one and Pitch them a PDF with all the the program structure just that and we've priced it at 7K 6K plus taxes and these program is quite simple. First of all is not done by me or my partner. It's done by my team so it doesn't take my time and that's really good for me. Seconds second thing is we structure this as an annual program.

It's 12 months and we have two sessions per month the first session brings the topic to the table and the second session. It's to revise the implementation they have done. So one of the things we understood is that and so I was sharing with Rob and Kyra yesterday that is that the majority of the people that don't have results. It's because they don't implement. And that's the problem.

Always you guys and me have to solve is that guarantee that people make stuff? So the accountability it's really important on this kind of programs because if they don't progress if they don't get results, you don't have the social proof. That helps you sell the next one. So this implementation or this program is 100% focus on implementation and accountability. That's what my team is doing.

Okay. So first first session in the month brings the topics second session is to revise all the work they have done and implemented on their businesses next month new topic revise the work implemented and go on. Okay and So this is the results we are doing we just one program when we sell cells Masters. We do 56 56 sales. Okay, that's produces 344k in sales.

We pitch them the masterminds. So we did 17 new members on The Mastermind we made to wonder than I need to K and then we downsell to those that didn't enter The Mastermind they implementation program and we did one under 18K Plus on on that one. So on the last Edition we have done 755k. We just the same members the same 56 members we have done this and we have spent on the last Edition 15K ants and that's it. Okay, so this this wasn't app happening since since this year and It works really well works really well, so my my goal is to to try to to tell you that don't miss this one because we missed it in three editions and there's 100K more over there that we are not serving those guys and the great the great learning from all of this is that first of all, I was sharing with Robin Cara yesterday that when I when I started working with click funnels and other stuff my my goal my every single goal every day was I need to create a funnel that makes one million dollar and when I stopped searching for that and focused on my people and the kind of struggling they are getting and now I can help them solve that problem everything worked.

So that was what that was one of the biggest learns from the past the past two years is that when you focus on people goals and struggling and you try to solve that and bring results to the table everything works smoothly and that's it. Thank you. I don't know if there's any question. Sorry growth Masters is down cell. Yeah, it's the down so the implementation program.

Yeah. Sorry. No, no, I didn't pitch in the live event. So on the live event. I just pitched The Mastermind.

Okay, and that's it and we close the events then. I got home I scheduled calls individually with every single one that didn't apply it for the Mastermind and I teach them individually on Zoom the growth Masters. I like lost 16, okay. Thank you another round of applause for Paulo. Thank you.

All right, we're gonna burn up our third top one strategic share of the morning and then we'll go into a bio break. And so Lucas room is yours buddy, right? everybody and make sure Yeah, do we have a okay? Great cool. So hi.

My presentation is going to be jam packed. There's a lot to get through. So I'm gonna move really quickly additionally just to reference some of the prior presentations. So with Kennedy and Rob this is gonna be sort of a similar tactical approach if you will or has some similarities at least and then also with Joel it's it's really following that sort of getting closer to the sale getting closer, you know deeper levels of awareness in the market and so presentation called demand priming and this is really how we added over 200,000 to our business and 49 days with what we call a demand priming campaign. So for those of you that don't know me yet.

My name is Lucas Garvin on the co-founders that thought leaders Institute and we help coaches and consultant scale their business without sales calls and So what we're going to cover we'll talk about the problem in the goal of demand priming campaign and how we specifically used this. We'll cover the campaign offers assets flow and I'll give you a walk through of exact things that we did and some sales boosting add-ons if we have time. so problem goal. So really the problem for us was how can we simply and rapidly validate and sell a new offer to six figures Plus in sales and about six weeks. This was like, how can we do this?

And that was you know without a big list without burning out our team or burning out our list and we knew we didn't want to do a typical product launch we knew we didn't want to do a full-fledged webinar or some of those bigger more complex style campaigns. We wanted something simple streamlined focused and the other thing that I want to share about this Is that what I'm about to share with you in terms of demand priming what I love about it is you can apply this to an existing offer that you already have that you want to create more demand and sales around or a new offer that you're launching the example that I'm sharing happens to be on a new offer. The other thing is that while we're doing this in the coaching Consulting and course space. It also could be applied to ecomm to physical products to anything where you might have or be able to create a certain amount of scarcity based on what's available or even it's just based on a sales goal that you have where you're taking away an opportunity. So so we focused when we are creating this campaign on really nailing the fundamentals of the offer and the message first.

We really had to get that down. It's just what we talk about here in top one. It's all about, you know, E5 that that typical stuff and then priming demand to build a whole bunch of excitement around this opportunity around this promise. Or this potential new offer before we ever open sales and with absolutely zero educational content no education whatsoever. So over the offers the flow and the assets that we use to achieve this so we I'm sort of broke this down into two different offers.

So one is the high-end offer for us. This was a $2,000 group coaching program. That's eight weeks. We call it scalable coach accelerator and then we have an upsell to that offer. That was a thousand dollar three private coaching calls with someone on our team and then the down cell was essentially a self-study version of the same offer.

Same program. Same promise same core deliverables in terms of the training for 497. And so how does this work? What's the flow of the campaign? So the first component is a pre-launch wait list building demand building people that are saying yes.

I'm raising my hand. I'm interested in what this offer is going to be able to deliver or create for me. Okay, the second thing is and well This supposed to be a circle here. So the second thing is this priming the demand of the people that are on that wait list right getting them really excited about this thing after they've already raised their hands saying I'm interested in it. And so what we do is for about three to four weeks, we just do this we just do this we build the wait list we Prime demand we build the waitlist we Prime demand Next what we do is for about six days.

We're going to open the the offer we're going to open sales for the high-end version of the offer. And then for about five days, we'll do the down sell offer. Now the down cell offer is optional, right you may not have something immediately that you want to move people into that makes sense to down sell from whatever the high end offer is and you know, it might be high and it might not be high-end. Whatever it is that you want to sell the primary thing you want to sell with this campaign. That's what this would be.

So again could be used to sell a new offer or to Prime demand and create interest in an existing offer that you're looking to sell more of. And you know this may not seem all that special or different. I know plenty of people have used weightless before but really the magic behind this is and how you're priming Demand with the people that join that wait list not simply just building some people that entered their email or whatever to say. Yeah sure. That sounds interesting.

So what are the sales asset so we've got a waitlist opt-in. Thank you page. So they say yes. I'm interested. They go to this page.

We have an offer vsl in our case. You could swap a vsl out for a long-form sales page ultimately if you wanted to you don't need a vsl. That's just the sales asset that we chose. You have a sales page and your order form for both offers. If you have to offers both the high-end and the down sell and then the same thing for upsell page for the high-end offer again, if you have an upsell, if you don't don't need it purchase, thank you page.

Obviously, you'll need some sales emails to drive traffic to this and then a sold out waitlist opt-in page. And the thing about this is again, we wanted something really simple. So every page that we created was like Bare Bones. We didn't do long-form copy. We did short form.

In fact, there was next to no copy outside of like headlines and just breaking up the page in terms of the sales Pages for example, so it was really really on streamlined same thing for like the waitlist. Thank you page and all the other pages in The Campaign. So quick walkthrough again lots of examples, but I won't have time to share everything with you. So I'm going to cover the highlights in sort of a framework format that you can duplicate. So building the waitlist.

First thing we're going to do is gauge interest want get it. We want to get people to raise their hands before we even commit to doing this thing, right? We wanted to validate this offer for us. This was a new off or something that we'd never done before we had we suspected that this was a promise. This was a result that our audience would be interested in and so we wanted to validate that first then we announce it.

We're beginning to build the wait list from the beginning though. Right? So we're saying and I'll show you in just a moment exactly what we said, but we're getting the wait list opt-ins right here. We're starting right immediately for the wait list, then we go to the announce the offer and then we demonstrate social proof of people joining the waitlist of the interest, right? We want to leverage that people are actually doing this to get more people to say.

Oh, well, I don't want to be left out. I want to join these hundreds of other people that are saying I'm interested in this too. And so in our case we chose to do a one-click opt into the waitlist from our email list. It's enabled us to rapidly build that list and it made Social proof that much more exciting for those that did not initially do so. so Gage interest so This is a very first email that we sent out for the entire thing.

Yeah. I'll share that just a second. Yep, and I've Yeah, good primer. So really basically the the formula for this first message is do you want whatever result or or promise you're making for your offer? That's it.

And then if if you want it click here to let me know and join the waitlist and if enough of you do it, we'll put it together. Okay, really really simple. That's the gist of the message for gauging interest. And so when they click on that link and join the waitlist they land here. All right.

Now this page did not initially look like this for that first email. We updated it later based on because once we knew people were gonna actually do it. We actually put this together to to have more a more formal thing when they when we sent that first message and they click there literally just went to like a white page with our logo and I said Thank you like that. Was it super simple? So a second email was announcing the offer like hey a bunch of you just said you're interested.

Right? So we said we sent the message below yesterday within a few hours. We had over a hundred people joined the waitlist. So it's official will be launching the scalable coach accelerator and early December read below for more details join the waitlist to be the first to no one opens. I get the best deal that will ever offer and So Below, we just copied the same email that we sent the day before with all the same links in it Etc.

So they could get a little bit more details and catch up on what's going on. Like what's all the hubbub about? Why are 100 people interested in this thing? What is it? And so then the next step demonstrate social proof and so again, this is so I think we sent the first email.

Let's pretend we sent it on a Monday and then the next email we literally sent the next morning, right? So Monday morning Tuesday morning, we announce it and then I think Wednesday morning literally the next day. So one two three day by day. We sent this email and it's now we have over 250 people that have expressed interest in join the waitlist for scalable coach accelerator. We're excited to help them insert result and what we don't see your name on the list yet.

If you want to change that go ahead and express your interest in join the wait list now, you'll be automatically added. There's no obligation to buy or do anything or whatever. It's just expressing interest so that we can share it with you when it comes on live. So that's building the waitlist. Now, how do we Prime demand of the people that are on the wait list?

So first we're in a tease and we're going to create some scarcity. We're going to create urgency. And finally we're going to have sort of reveal that there's going to be an early opportunity for them to join and get access to something special as a result of doing so and so the waitlist building again is going to continue during this period so while we're being in communication and priming demand of those that are on the wait list, we're continuing to build the waitlist so that continues to happen for again about three to four weeks. So T's really this is just you know, they've joined the waitlist at this point and now we're saying, you know zero to 21 program sales 63,000 and under eight weeks. Are you next?

Right. Are you next do you want this result? And so then it's basically just walking through a couple of examples of client results really creating this interest in like wow. Okay. Well these people did this stuff so that's interesting if that's what this can help me do that makes me even that much more, you know eager to hear what this is all about at this point.

There's no unique mechanism. There's no there's no price. There's no offer details. There's no bonuses. There's no nothing.

It's just building excitement around the possibility of this opportunity that's being created this thing that's going to be revealed. Next we create scarcity. So the countdown to our new program has begun in just a few days will be opening the doors the most irresistible offer we ever made and since you're on the waitlist, you'll get first dibs a full day before we open it at the public. Now, there are over 400 people on the waitlist at this point and only 60 spots available. They're over 400 on the waitlist only 60 spots available total.

Once that's gone. It's done. It's shutting down. There's no more. So now what we're doing is we're also saying hey, you got to be quick.

This thing is gonna sell out so you might want to add a reminder to your calendar added your calendar. You might want to sign up for some SMS reminders so that you can be one of the first to jump in. And so what we literally say sign up early on Monday December 5th the doors open at 9:00 am Pacific. Right, like really specific to create that demand and then we're creating urgency. So now the waitlist has crossed 500 people.

We're so excited to help 60 get insert result. If you want to be one of the 60s what to do go here on Monday morning doors open at 9am Pacific. The page will be updated then and you will see a video. Watch it until the end to get the details. This will unlock your ability to join.

Really specific like go here at this time do this. Make sure it's early. Then we do a reveal of the early open and special bonus. So tomorrow's the day we're not publicly opening the offer until Tuesday, but because you've been waiting we're giving you first dibs go here tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m. Pacific sharp to join before the rush.

Not only will that give you the best shot at getting in one of the 60 spots. But in addition to all the training coaching Boba, whatever stuff they're gonna get you're going to get something really special. So tomorrow only only for this early enrollment day you're going to get access to insert really special bonus. Whatever it is. It's gonna super excite your best and most rapid and Rapid buyers, okay.

And again, so like giving them the instructions this page will update it this time when it does it'll be a video you'll want to watch that video all the way to the end and enroll on the same page. So now we're getting into selling behind offer. We've we've built the waitlist. We've primed a man now we're opening sales. So there's three parts to this early open Rush that I just described public open and close.

So early open Rush it's go time. Here's your link to see the details and enroll and scalable coach accelerator as mentioned. There are only 60 spots. So that members can get ample direct support and attention also today only you're going to get special bonus this video explains a program details to get in you need to go here. We don't mean to be brief.

It's just that people pay $15,000 for access to our top tier program. And this is an opportunity to get our personal support for a fraction of that investment still. No price details. They don't know what the price of this is. They don't know what's included in it all they know General promise price anchoring and now we go into the sales page, so Sales page was super super simple.

So at the very top which you can't see here because it's disappeared because I took the screenshot after it was all done. There's a same day timer. So remember this is early open. This is the day before this is opening to the public. And so imagine a timer at the top of the page.

It says like 22 hours or 10 hours or whatever it is because this special bonus is going away tonight. Right. So then we've got our headline announcement new opportunity limited to 60 people. Promise watch this message for all the details in your invitation to join. So then we've got our vsl and everything beneath.

The vsl is not visible until the offer is made. so and there's no there's not counter to what Joel was sharing earlier. There is no scroll bar. There is no skip ahead. It's just watch the video.

And so what was so funny is on early open day and on the public open day, which I'll talk about in just a moment. We literally counted the minutes down to the minute. That the offer was revealed. Are very first sale came in our second sale came in. Our third sale came in.

Our fourth sale came in. Our fifth sale came in like this boom. Boom boom rush. And so then we have the offer stack and buttons beneath beneath the video. So you'll see it goes down to here, you know buttons to enroll with the payment options and the next really interesting thing about this and this was a consistent theme throughout the entire promotion is a percent sold out bar, right?

This is sort of another demand thing, right? So there's only 60 spots. So let's just be transparent and tell you how many are left or what percentage is gone. And so this bar we'd update it probably daily not every single day but about daily. And so they would see the bargain smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller throughout the launch.

And we have our guarantee. We did something really cool to guarantee something Todd's talked about before we had both an unconditional two weeks. Any reason whatsoever. No reason at all. You want to refund will give it to you and we had an additional basically if you show up you do everything you implement everything you attend every call you do all the stuff and you don't get X result.

We'll refund you all your money plus another $250. So it was a really powerful guarantee for this offer FAQ and social proof. That's the whole sales page. There's no other copy on here. There's no whiz-bang tactics or whatever.

It's just a vsl headline buttons offer. That's it. And so then we go to the public open. And what's really different about this approach that scared the crap out of me when we did it because I'm used to a, you know, a significant portion of sales on the last day. We ended up with over 53% of our sales on day one.

That's not normal. Right? We talk about typical launches. You might see 20 25% on day one. You got a little trickle through the rest of the launch and you might see 50% or more on the very last day.

This was inverse. We saw 53% on day one and two the early in public open. And I'll get to the numbers at the close in just a minute. So we had a slight variation of the sales page for the public open. The main variation was the early open bonus was not shown at all.

It was completely taken off the page and the timer was not yet showing because we had a Six-Day cart window and we didn't want to see we didn't want to show you got six days to think about this and marinate. So we we opened it up, you know insert you can get this great result at this point with the public open. We're mailing to the whole list, right? So this is not just the waitlist anymore. This is everyone.

And then, you know between public open day and getting toward the clothes, you know, there's a mix of sales emails between over the course of about five four five days benefits social proof scarcity urgency. So we get to close and again 20% of all sales came in the last day. This is what again a little bit weird for me trying to anticipate what our sales volume and velocity might be at any given point because I'm used to so much of the sales coming on the last day or in the last 48 hours. This was just very different because all the demand and the tension and the excitement had been built up before sales ever opened we created this urgency to join on day one. So, you know last day yada yada notice.

The percent sold out bars now 95% I mean this was real, you know real time real authentic. Like we've only got like a few spots left. It's almost gone. It's time to move and so notice we also moved it from down below the enroll button after the offer stack after the vsl after the headline to right at the top. So now it's visible the minute they see they they join the page and they've got a timer at the top that says you got six hours left and they got you know, it's 95% solar like crap a better pay attention and move.

so we close. Discover is sold out. Get on the wait list, if you'd like to be the first to know when it reopens. This is where we move into the down cell. So we give them I think we gave 24 hours like this.

So 24 hours. It's sold out. It's gone. It's over. There's nothing.

So selling it on Cell we go sold out, but would you like right? So this thing is gone, but would you like? The down cell announced the down cell and close. So so what would you like? Is this a good idea?

Should we put together a self-study version of scalable coach, would that be interesting right? We know a lot of people wanted to jump in but weren't able to make it before it sold out. So we're thinking about creating a self-study course version while it wouldn't include the coaching or Community. It would include all the same systems that we talked about and we promised and scalable coach excetera to help you insert results, right? Click here to let us know if you think if you're interested and you think we should do it.

If there's enough interest, we'll put it together a self-study version. Same thing again. It's the same system. It's the same process then we announce it. So 24 hours later.

Wow, it's so it's clear that the idea for a self-study version of this is something that you're interested in because we got so many people to say you're interested. So that means that the scale the coach masterclass is now open for enrollment boom right over there. And when you pre-order today, you'll get 50% off until Saturday. Whatever. The deadline was at 11:59 Pacific get a 500 dollar savings on this page now.

This is the sales page. It's the same freaking page without a video on it. Like it's a slightly tweaked headline to basically say by popular request. We're reopening the registration page for a pre-order study pre-order pre-order self-study version of our recently sold out cable coach of soda programs. The same thing and so then it's literally like again no BSL.

There's like almost no copy on this page. Here's the offer. And they say the offer and then the guarantee the guarantee change. There's no money money back plus now now it's just an unconditional two week. Any reason no reason at all, whatever.

Mix the sales emails between just like before and this is a we did a five day sequence here. We didn't want to keep pushing and pushing and pushing for too long. And so close here. We are on the final day. You're 50% off this expiring you guys know this kind of message and then some that that's it.

So that's that's the, you know, building the waitlist priming the waitlist selling the primary or the high-end offer selling the down sell. And so now there's some sales boosting add-ons we had waitlist ads. So none of these things are necessary. None of them are necessary, but they can add bits and pieces to your sales. So we had waitlist ads running and one of the reasons why we did this is not because we anticipated that the ads themselves would you know multiply the size of the waitlist we knew the bulk of that would come from our audience.

But we did it because we wanted it in front of their face all the time. So we had two types of AD campaigns running. We had one ad campaign that was specifically focused on driving opt-in conversions to a standard opt-in page. It looked exactly like the the sold out page showed you but itally said promise. Name email button.

Like that was the the waitlist opt-in page. And so we had that type of campaign and then what we had was another campaign that was about seeing the ads all the time. It was just about showing the ads again and again and again and again, I wanted people to see the ads 15 20 times for the waitlist before we got into this because I wanted to be constantly top of mind. So then we did SMS reminders, right? So when they sign up for the waitlist we said hey get an SMS reminder to make sure you're one of the first to get in before it sells out.

Sales retargeting ads. So once we open cart we did retargeting ads just sort of boost additional traffic keep it top of Mind continue to dry urgency organic social. So throughout this almost all of the messages that I just showed you and the ones that we had in between we actually posted exactly as they are. to our Facebook group That's it, like nothing fancy about it and then end product ads. So one thing that we did was we have a low ticket product that we sell that's a sort of a precursor result to this offer.

So in that learning portal for that product, we just said hey if you're interested in this go here and join the waitlist. That's another thing we did to build that up. Social sales, so I don't know if you noticed on the sales page, but just beneath the offer stack and then the buttons and then the guarantee I think it was right after the guarantee. We said if you have any other questions send us a message on messenger or text us or email. We're happy to answer your questions.

We had probably two dozen assists in sales just from hey, I got this quick question. I'm considering that a does it apply to X Y and Z situation. Yes. Here's why boom. Here's the link.

Bye. And then reopen so we did so we did all of this in late January. Sorry late, November and early December we closed it out in early December. And then we had you know the holidays and everything in between and then January 3rd. We reopened specifically for the accelerator.

And the reason that we did that as we had several people who bought the the accelerator and said, hey, actually, you know that other higher level thing that you have. Can I just do that instead? Can I give you an additional 13,000? We're like, no, you can't give us 13,000. Of course, you can so we upgraded several people to our high-end coaching program in the interim.

So on January 3rd what we do. Hey, we weren't planning to do this, but we got a couple spots open now because people decided to upgrade and work with us in other capacities. So if you'd like to get in there's a few extra spots did the same thing again. The same thing again. And repeated the process we added 12% to the total sales.

any questions Yeah. It was a refund period almost two weeks, you know. So two weeks in time from the beginning of the program. So we set a specific date. It was January 20th the program started.

But early January and so it's basically two weeks of access to the program full on, you know training was calls whatever we did drip the program out. It wasn't something that had 100% access to from the start but two weeks from the start of the program. that is yeah. cool Okay. We're good.

Thank you very much. and really just appreciate you know, it's a great example of the contrast something I talked about yesterday right when I was talking about Todd's bullets and you know when Todd talks about bullets in Simplicity and simplicity and simplicity so that you could do replication and Create consistency and what Lucas shared was they were doing a launch? And so the level of complexity and the Artistry of that execution is what's appropriate because it was a release of a specific product in a specific window with a specific Revenue goal and you could see how it's all those little things you're not going to look at one thing. It is at all that that added six percent and that added 3.5. It's the overall impact of a strategy that comes together which is why they were able to do something tremendous and take, you know, just just finished their year.

What an app so smash so cool. Let's take a 10 minute bio. When we come back, we're gonna do be ready because we're going to do a million dollar Power Hour pitches. This is where you have an idea a concept a tactic. You want to share with the group 15 minutes or less on the third day.

You'll say hey, I can show you guys how to do this. This will all vote for what we want to hear the most and again, it'll be another chance for you to contribute to the group and also kind of highlight your expertise and you're giving from when we talk about eventually voting for The mvt and see who's gonna gonna win a room in the next top on mansion and so 10 minutes. Enjoy your vial break. By the way, the downstairs bathroom, I apologize is out they're working on it. But there is the bathroom on this floor.

There's a bathroom upstairs and then the secret Harry Potter room. There is a bathroom. So if you have to go in Harry Potter's bathroom, you may do so 10 minutes guys. Thank you. And Julie right?

Are you gonna get created an ice cream? We're gonna do that. I'm not sure yet. Okay sure. We're gonna continue live streaming.

Just let me know. Might do it. We should have grabbed. Alright, alright. Alright, right.

We're back. All right, so I hope you enjoyed that nice loungy. Todd said everybody's having such a nice time. He's like take it easy. So I'm taking it easy.

Everybody got a little more time. But now this is what it's about. Right? This is why we have a top one Mansion because we're not restricted. If we end up doing a presentation a little later a little earlier.

It's all good. It's all good. All right. So what we're going to do is our million dollar Power Hour pitches. And so Michelle if you could have Glenda because I know we're gonna need some some voting carts.

And so the idea of this this tradition started when we first started top one was out, you know, we have different strategic shares, but sometimes somebody just has a thing like an Wicked awesome tactic. That's like man. This thing made me a pop of money. I did this at the end of the month. I added this on this one page.

It's not like a whole teaching presentation. It's not a a deep elaborate methodology. It's a thing. It's a thing that makes you a lot of money or save you a lot of money. Okay a very specific tactic And so that is the the concept of the million dollar power our pitches.

We've been doing them for years or always hit they're always super exciting and so want to give everybody a chance to pitch an idea something that you've done in the last three months over the last 2022 now that we're in the New Year where it's like man this was a tactic that very specifically I could teach it. It's implemental. It applies to almost every business that you want to share and then we'll kind of talk about depending on how many there are if there are too many to for tomorrow, then we'll vote and we'll get the top ones to share tomorrow. We'll kind of go from there. So who wants to share a pitch for the million dollar Power Hour?

Yeah second. So now they're all like lazy Todd they're all full of snacks and Mr. John Benson, thank you, John. Okay. Okay.

We'll go. We'll go John John and then we're gonna go Kennedy then James and then Andre and then Rob okay. Oh and then Jackie great. Good job. Good job everybody John.

I want to show you how I'm using something. I call Trio AI to build a sales page that converts in 10 minutes using four words. Oh, all right. I got the fruit. I got the freaking receipts.

John's 10 minute AI sales letter that converts with four words Kennedy. That's a tough act to follow my man. Well play well played my friend. a subsequently more funnel literally reverse multiply the conversions on each of them by doing what most people do completely backwards because we call the flow an island framework if You've got much if you want to see them up. Sells this thing will change your conversation.

All right, so Kenny's Kennedy's completely backwards revolution of the upsell on self-lifuating offers Andre. important thing and they will be my point forward saying Huey live event, so but using fake friends fake money. So on Andre pitched me this at our International dinner using fake money to increase your live event closing percentage by 34% James Friel good good work. Wow. Wow, man, you guys are up in the game.

I like that someone took that for me right save that please Mr. Rob Marsh. Okay, cool. Rob's three unheard of cognitive biases. Anybody else have one.

They want to pitch. They're on the ring. was that Like a pitch for tomorrow that you're gonna teach. If you guys have a chance he was telling me about this what they're doing. going to share this when you're happy with us today, you know come out of time and that's the It for for those for those for those of you that have a bizop entrepreneur list Brian and John was sharing this with me.

Basically that their model that they're exploding with is an agency-based model. The agencies are making a ton of money and an affiliate side like their numbers are just they're the numbers that like again if they weren't in the top one room, I'd be like, I'd call the police and be like, I don't know about this but what they're doing is like absolute ridiculous. And so if you guys have a list or access to list definitely chat with them ask them what they're doing because it's a it's kind of crazy. All right. Do we have any other pitches?

All right, cool. So Michelle hand out the cards. I'm gonna do quick summary the way this works is vote for the two you want to hear most. If we have two super strong vocators, we'll just hear two tomorrow. If it's close.

We might hear three so again, and you know, some of the other people they might share it on a slack Channel or another time, but we have a chance to vote for. Mr. Benson and his 10 minute AI sales letter with four words that converts and works greatest High converting sales letter and 10 minutes or less using four words and AI you have Kennedy and is complete, uh reverse upsell system that dramatically increases and will change your game which are upsells and on your conversion on your self liquidating offer we have Andrea and his increase your sales from any event 30% or more using fake money. We have Mr. James Friel and new hilarious ads in 30 minutes or less that can have click-through rates as high as 8% on paid traffic and we have Mr.

Rob Marsh and unheard of three cognitive biases and how to overcome them to increase your conversion. So everybody take just 30 seconds right down two names don't vote for yourself. And then you could hand them in and again, this is all just another chance for all of you to Showcase yourselves about why you should be this top one experience is mvt. So, all right. Just hold up your cards when you're done and Michelle Lizzy will will circle around Glendale circle around and get your cards.

And then while we're doing that we're gonna bring up. our own Paul massetta who was also your Chef last night for court for course two of our dining experience. And so super excited to have Paul share with you, you know Paul's been with us a long time knows our methodology deeply and just gets it has worked with tons of our clients has worked with other clients also does his own private agency work successfully for for quite a long time. And so marketing argument actualization transporting prospects into a new future. With your unique mechanism so very powerful again.

This is the deeper level stuff the more advanced marketing messaging persuasion that really takes a decent campaign to something that is really extraordinary. So Paul, go ahead. like Slightly all is and I want to make sure I want you to hear this and I want to make sure that that he hears this as well Paul somebody that I would listen to like Paul is somebody that I would go to or marketing advice that I would run a headline by that I would run a lead by right that if I wanted somebody to look at a lead and give me feedback on what I could do to improve it Paul is somebody that I would go to that I would trust and so when this dude talks about marketing you should listen you should hang on every word and so make sure that you are paying attention make sure that you're focused on what it is that this guy's gonna share with you because what he teaches is worth it's weight in gold and so give this guy a round of applause. Thank you develop. Ers.

You pick a side see? All right. Yeah, we'll go with this side. Everybody good. All right, so I'm gonna talk a little bit about messaging a little bit about copy, which is It's a little intimidating and Mr.

Benson over there. He was up on the screen over there before I was like is he gonna be looking at me in both directions when I'm talking about copy here, but the reason and so just a little preface like the reason why I chose to talk about this is because in working with Dozens of coaching clients. I often see a pattern there are three things that most struggle with First is getting clear on their primary promise and I could talk about that like in probably five 10 minutes, right? next is having difficulty separating themselves from their product and service when trying to educate and then third is their marketing argument. Okay.

And so I figured this is where I could add the most value. No, I don't like this thing around. Is it that way? Got it. Okay, so This is what we do right the purpose of all marketing, you know, however you want to frame it take it the purpose of everything that we do is to influence behavior.

What is going on here? Okay, so What drives human behavior right if that's what we're that's what we're doing. It kind of helps to know what drives it. Right. So there are lots of things that drive human behavior.

We have environment right put somebody in a different environment. You could radically change their behavior. We have social norms. We have needs right? We're all familiar with like Maslow's hierarchy of needs right everybody.

I'm assuming knows that right. but in the context of what we do the drivers that I focus on are thought emotion and it can be emotion and thought sometimes those things sometimes you could have a thought first followed by an emotion. Sometimes you can have an emotion followed by a thought which leads us to a belief. right and then we have hope and then ultimately that influence is a behavior Okay, so Thought here's an example. I haven't eaten in 16 hours that thought Pops in my head right now.

I feel hungry. So I have a thought followed by an emotion. Now I have this belief. Okay. I haven't eaten in 16 hours.

I feel hungry. I need to eat right that's what I believe. So the action that I take is I eat right now this all happens like very subconsciously and very fast, but at the end of the day, this is what this is how we go. We take someone from here to here just like that. Okay.

So another this is this is the opposite. Okay, this is where the emotion comes first. I feel anxious or worried, right? I just have that feeling. Ah, I have a flight next week.

So I I feel the emotion then this thought Pops in my head. I remember I have a flight but I have this belief that planes are still safer than cars. So the action that I take is I get on the plane, right? That's that's how it works. Right?

I feel something I think something I believe something and that belief will ultimately get me. that action so our job is to transition the prospect from the current thought or emotion or emotion and thought to the one big belief. That we need them to have so that they take the action that we want them to take which is making a purchase. So this entire process is powered by hope. Okay, because one when a prospect first engages with your marketing message, like I said, they're gonna have a thought and emotion.

It can be an emotion and a thought. but throughout that entire process, they could have multiple thoughts and they could have they could experience multiple emotions and there can be things that you say in the campaign that influence those thoughts and emotions in ways that you don't want them to Okay, and so we want this entire process to be powered by hope meaning as they go through the entire process. We want them to constantly be thinking I can see how this will work for me. I can see why it's different this time. Okay.

so This is e5101. Just just kind of like a brief recap of it the marketing thesis. This is the one big belief. We need the prospect to have in order to take the action that we want them to take. Okay, so this is not multiple beliefs about one thing.

It's not. one belief about multiple things Okay, it's one big belief that we need them to have. Okay, and it's the belief that the unique mechanism. Is the superior way to experience the primary promise? So what is superior?

So Superior could be the fastest the easiest the simplest the most effective the most predictable the most reliable. It's whatever it is in the context of what you do what you promise. Okay? So Todd talked about this at the last event and I thought it was really really important. So I wanted to kind of touch on it really quick and he talked about the fundamental difference between E5 messaging and traditional copywriting approaches now just just to give you some context.

Okay. I've been a been writing copy for people for clients and for my own offers for you know over 15 years and I will admit that I fell victim to a lot of the opposite of what E5 does. Okay, because when I first started studying copywriting the first kind of things that I was exposed to well like these hyperbolic crazy exaggerated claim driven headlines and I would read them and you know, I would look at these things and I would go who talks like this, but I guess this is copyrighting. I mean, I guess this is like how I'm supposed to talk right? And so I got away with it for a while.

I kind of made it work. But I had one funnel and we did a case study on this. I had one funnel. That was making me so look everybody's path to Victory is different. I think we all we all our businesses all operate in different ways as I was telling um, some of the guys and gals earlier.

I've never sold anything more than a thousand bucks ever and that's because my path to victory has always been autonomy. Okay. I always wanted to have A business that runs itself that does not need me there so I can wake up when I want I can take my kids to school. I can take vacations when I want I could pick my kids up I could go on every trip I ever want to school trip. I wanted a business that can run itself.

And so my path to that was I just kept creating offer after offer after offer and I would just have these offers running like to the point where I have acquisition funnels and then I have funnels on the back end that I can basically I have them built out that I can rotate a new offer every single 90 days for the rest of my life and I'll have to make tweaks and changes here and there but for the most part they run themselves add this one funnel is making me like probably $3,000 a month and I was using the older traditional copy style of messaging. I rebuilt the entire thing to an E5 campaign strict E5 compliant campaign. And I took that same exact same deliverables tweak the offer a little bit. The majority of what I changed is what I'm gonna show you today is what I said in the marketing argument and I took that same funnel to 30,000 a month just one funnel the 30,000 a month cold traffic. Okay, and this is how I did it?

So fundamental differences education versus exclamation. So rather than just making wild exaggerated claims. We educate the prospect. Next is we demonstrate verse exaggeration so demonstration verse exaggeration. next E5 relies on an airtight marketing argument rather than verbose hyperbole.

So again, Todd's talked about this, right the same way of prosecutors goal is to drive the behavior of the jury to vote guilty. Our goal is to drive the behavior to make a sale. And in order to do that. We have to go through that process that I showed you thought emotion belief. Hope action.

So another example thought I need to make more money. Emotion, I'm scared. I won't be able to feed my family. Belief, the E5 method is the best way for me to make more money. The action is I buy the E5 masterclass so I know this is very simple, but we can all kind of see you understand where I'm going with this right you understand how these these examples that I'm giving you how this works.

Next one was. so In this airtight marketing argument. We use something called a CPP protocol which is claim. belief That should be cpb. So it's claim proof benefit, right?

So we have a claim which is a statement about how and why the unique mechanism is different and Superior to other options next it also showcases an advantage. And it should answer a gap question, which is a question that the prospect has in their mind that is creating a gap between where they are and where we need them to be and it and it should overcome an address and overcome a possible objection. That's what a claim should do. Okay? Every claim needs to have proof.

So a lot of times clients will be like, so what is the proof is the proof of case study? Is it a testimonial? It can be it's evidence that supports the claim. It's a logical explanation that justifies the claim like we have to think when we are when we are creating marketing campaigns. We are having conversations with people.

If you were having a conversation with somebody and you made a claim about something like you know, you said like I don't know I saw a spaceship last night and with the person just be like, oh, yeah. So what do you want to eat for lunch? Like would it end there? Right, like it wouldn't end there right there would be a dialogue would open up. So the same is true here.

You can't just make a claim and then expect and accept that people will believe it because you said it, okay. or two of a marketing plan, so we talked a lot about these in in marketing but about working. between yeah so I'm actually I'm gonna actually give some examples. So what is it benefit, right, there are three types of benefits that we talk about functional which is what it does the surface level benefit the experiential benefit or of a dimensionalized benefit would it looks like in the life of the Prospect and then the emotional benefit which is how the prospect will feel as a result of experiencing the benefits. So let's pretend this is an iPhone functional benefit unlimited storage in the cloud.

That's the functional benefit of the phone, right the experiential benefit of that is that I'll never have to worry about scrambling to free up space on my phone to get a picture at my daughter's graduation because I'm running out of memory and the experience of the emotional benefit of that is that I can just rush the shore that I'm never gonna be jammed up in a situation where I'm scrambling to take pictures and years from now I can feel like I was a good dad because I captured all those memories of her childhood on my phone and we can go back and share them together right wildly different than just saying unlimited storage in the cloud make sense. Okay. So in order for this to work, we have to maintain hope throughout the entire marketing argument. So we do this this is the key is by making the prospect understand how the mechanism delivers the benefit. so What I focus on is this concept of actualization which actualization is making real?

Or giving the appearance of reality. So when I write experiential benefits, my goal is to actualize them which is kind of like it's a deeper level of dimensionalizing them. Right because I want these things to happen. First thing is I want to bring them to life that's kind of a surface level of what an experiential benefits statement is we want to bring it to life. I want to have the prospect imagine that imagine the benefit in their new future reality.

Right? So form of future pacing, right and for this to happen, they have to continue to remain hopeful like I pay attention to every single claim I'm making and I want how I'm articulating it because they could be halfway through my marketing argument whether it's a vsl a long form sales and I can say one thing one thing boom and that hope That that chain of Hope gets broken. It's like up now. This isn't for me doesn't make sense. Right?

They could be that they don't believe it. It could be that they think it's not applicable to them. It could be that it um, it goes against a value that they have or a belief that they already have which again circles back to the importance of doing research knowing who you're talking to right next. So for them to remain hopeful there has to be a sense of realism. So it's not enough just to paint this picture of what the benefit is going to look like in the life of the prospect.

They have to believe that it can actually happen for them. Right it they have there has to be a sense of realism to this. So how do we do that? Well, how do humans decide if something's real? Okay.

So the first thing is We compare and contrast Okay, so we make sense of the world through comparison, right so Need a hamburger man. This hamburger is really good. How do you know it's good because you compare it. To every other hamburger you've ever eaten and that's how you make that decision you go out on a date with someone you get to know each other. They're talking to you you dig with their saying about you know, whatever you're talking about.

How do you make that decision because you compare it to your belief or your opinion on that topic, right? When people are comparing and contrasting some people are same oriented. Some people are different oriented meaning some people when they compare they see the similarities in everything, right? So an example of that is like they look at a suit and they say man. This suit is similar to another one that I have like they see the color of the suit, they admitly identify similarities.

There are other people that are different oriented. So they immediately spot differences, right? So the first thing they'll see is that the cut of the suit is unlike any other shoot that I have and I'm gonna I'm gonna pull this all together for you guys. Next is sensory details, right? This is how I mean we use hearing site taste feel and smell.

That's how we know. Something's real right something smells funny. I shouldn't eat it, right. That's how we know. We probably shouldn't eat it.

Right. I saw this guy steal someone's wallet. Therefore. I should not trust him, right? I heard him say he took the money so I know he did it right?

I saw it with my own eyes. I heard it with my own ears, right? Cause and effect, we like to look at causal relationships, right? That's how we decide if something's real if I touch a hot stove I'll get burned. If I don't pay my mortgage, I'll lose my house, right cause and effect.

Evidence frames. How do I know when a goal has been achieved? Well, we look for evidence. Right? So if I if my goal is to lose 20 pounds in 30 days and it's been 20 days and I'm down 18 pounds.

I now have enough evidence to believe that this goal is real that this is going to happen. So How do we use this in the experiential? Aspect of the benefits statement. Okay. So the first thing that we're going to compare and contrast is the now in the after meaning what the prospect is experiencing now and what their life what their life will be like After experiencing your unique mechanism.

We can compare and contrast the Dilemma or the challenge that they're experiencing versus the result that they're going to experience the struggle versus the outcome. And the differences citing that going back to that same different scenario where some people automatically are attracted to similarities others are attracted to differences. We always want to be differentiating from competitors and any kind of similarities that we know. They think they see us favorable. We can we want to draw comparison to those using metaphors make sense so far.

Okay. So next is sensory details. What is the prospect gonna see here? Taste smell and feel now. Look this all depends on your Market your offer what your primary promises would business you're in right but I'm gonna show you examples of how you can apply this in different contexts.

These are the things I want you to think about sensory details next cause and effect. Right show the linear relationship between the mechanism and the outcome that to me is like the secret sauce when you can consistently show the linear relationship between the mechanism and the outcome every time you make a claim. That's what keeps the Hope going. That's what keeps that hope train running. And that brings the element of realism into play now, it's if you do all these things.

Now, it seems realistic for the prospect you experience the benefit because that's how humans are hardwired to decide if something is real make sense. Right you go to the next one. So so I'm going to give you some chaining terms that will show you how to link all of this together. And then we're going to go through live real examples in living breathing campaigns to show you how this works. So these are chaining terms.

These are a terms that this is like 80/20 right? These are the 20% of terms that you can use in your benefits statements that will do 80% of the lifting. So this way and because of that rather than and again, I'll show you how to piece them all together, but those are the first four instead of you can the next time even if Okay, and you guys are going to get all these slides but what I'm showing you here is when when we craft benefits statements the right way the majority of the time. These are the chaining terms where using next. when you You will.

regardless of every time as you go Okay, so I want you to take a look at this statement. This is this is for one of my offers. The offer that I actually told you about earlier now take a look now for my E5 students. Don't try to Kennedy and Rob here and Rob just kind of sit back for a minute. Read this Ben.

Let me read this benefit statement out loud to you and you tell me. What you think about it right the person so here's the claim the persuasive speakology method works better than using traditional sales scripts. So quick context when we talk about a claim. The way that we come up with claims one of the tactics that we use is by answering Gap questions. Gap questions are every single question or objection that you think your prospect could possibly have and then we answer that question in the form of a claim.

So this is a persuasive speaking course, one of the possible objections or Gap questions is do I have to use a sales script to make this work. That's a legit objection. Right? So the claim that I make is with the persuasive speakology method you can easily sound persuasive without using scripts you simply say what you want and people will instantly become entrance with your every word. They're resistance will melt will melt and they'll instantly be open to your message.

Now, you can sell more products services and viewpoints without sounding salesy. so raise your hand if you think that's a good benefit statement. Okay. raise your hand if you think it needs work. Okay, so who can tell me?

The first thing that's wrong with this benefits statement. Exactly. So this is we use a cpb protocol. This is the CCC protocol. This is just claim claim claim.

It's all it is. With the persuasive speakology method you'll be able to easily found persuasive. You say what you want. People will become a trance what you're every word. They're resistance will melt they'll instantly be open to your message.

You'll sell more product services and viewpoints without sounding salesy. Oh, how is that going to happen? How is that going to happen? So? You have to get clarity on what do I need them to believe right?

And in this case? work better than using a sale like put copy aside put one of the side. That's one of the things that he needs. He wants a prospects to believe in order to set them up the body his program. And so what can we?

Do claim that that is true. We present a plane. That is true. That's all we're doing. We're taking what it is that we want to leave and just State we're claiming that it's true.

That's that's all being clean really is right. There is a belief moment to have claim that it's true. what you do after you make that claim that's gonna determine whether it's accepted or denied whether it's accepting or rejecting that's Where the evidence is poor comes? Inclines are the easiest part. It's what you need them to believe.

And then one at a time one of them. Yep, and so, um. What I could tell you is this you don't have to be excuse me. In my opinion, you don't have to be a wizard at this but if you just put the time and attention to this detail to get somewhat good at it. You're already leaped some bounds beyond the average marketer who's not thinking about any of this.

They're just they're using CCC claim claim claim, right? And so and Todd's exactly right that marketing thesis that one big belief right? I'm that's my that's this. That's my North Star right? That's the thing.

I'm so if I have a claim that I want to make and I can't prove it. It ain't going in there or if it doesn't support that if it doesn't support that belief, it doesn't go in there, right? So here's the revised version. Here's the claim the persuasive speakology method works better than using traditional sales scripts. First of all, here's the proof the persuasive speakology method doesn't involve any sales scripts.

There are no sales scripts in this. Okay. So instead of having to memorize a Cheesy script instead Focus on I think I screwed up the piping but instead you focus on tonality vocal pace and rhythm. So assuming you're not saying anything a logical or offensive these three things will have a greater impact on your message because because people tend to respond more to the way a message is presented then to the message itself this way when you sit down with a coaching client now again, the more specific you get in your copy here the better so with your coaching client Lexus customer potential home buyer. Whatever it is you sound charismatic authentic and confident when you speak rather than like a robot.

So rather than there comes the contrast rather than being plagued with anxiety trying to remember what you're gonna say. You can just be yourself and say what you feel and put the emphasis on your delivery. See the difference between this one and that other one. next Make sure that you guys understand. so you just everybody said because people tend to yeah, okay, what would you say to you?

Yeah, okay. And so remember remember, what's the what's the claiming on? Here we're better and it works better than using a traditional sales rep. So what's the proof the work s that it works better than a sales and maybe a clean because this works better than workout. And so the question then be comes why does this work better than a sales record why people don't respect about that.

Okay, what's the answer this? These three things are gonna have a greater impact on your message because people tend to respond more to the way of messages presented than to the message itself. And this is what my mechanism has as these three things. make sense the tradition We're more answering the question. Well, why?

Why does it work better than using a? Cell and so if you're right, he said right because of the tonality local pace and Rhythm right which has a greater impact because people tend to respond. the way that a message is ENT it's the that's The evidence the support for the claim the reason why this works better is because it relies on these. three things and these three things the greater impact than does the actual words that you okay now I understand. Why it works better?

I'm not saying that that is the perfect group point. I'm not saying that this early. What he's doing? He Paul said he made a claim and now he's supporting you. He's just because you say it's true, right like doesn't mean that they're gonna believe that it's true.

Right? Why? but just because you say that it's just cuz you're saying it's you. This is why I'll be different but everything else and then you never address that again. All you did was make a plane.

Yeah, their brother says this. everybody and their brother You offer no proof that you're doing exactly what everybody else is doing. by the way That this actually I think is a mistake because I had AI also have another claim but I was picking and choosing which ones I wanted to use for the sake of not being repetitive. But I have a different claim that is persuasive speakology method but doesn't require you to remember cheesy sales scripts and that's the proof the proof is that they aren't any sales scripts in the in the in the method right and just some more context. um this skip because It doesn't require, you know.

You explain right? You don't have to spend hours, right? You're gonna find this easier. Because here comes to prove. We're not just dangling these claims out there or not.

Just doing claim that the claim that the claim that they're playing these things are going to grow your practice. You're going to go shopping you're Gonna make anybody. Can you start working? Yep. You say I studied that my Harvard University show day 85% and at that point we improve is done.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so that's actually what I was gonna talk about real quick is these claims in the context of the marketing argument these come after how we explain how the mechanism works? So in my mechanism I use a lot of that I talk I cite a lot of scientific studies that already kind of pre-frame what I'm saying here, but yes spot on John spot on this is why I was worried. All right, so go ahead next one.

So these guys Morningside Naturals. These guys are like dream clients that came to us a few months ago. Just great people really care about what they do. They have a It's a tonic. It's a drink.

It's it's amazing. Um, but what the best way I could describe it is it's like apple cider vinegar on steroids. So it's apple cider vinegar cayenne pepper chaga mushroom. Ashwagandha clove lemon peel orange peels. I know every ingredient because I work really deeply with them on the campaign.

So these guys come to us and You know, everything's organic like where they Source from the process that they use. I mean, they don't cut any Corners with the quality of this. I should have put a product shot in there. So they came to us and they're like we have this thing. It's amazing and it does all these amazing things.

It's got anti-anxiety support. It's got digestion support. It's got memory and focus support. It's got immune support. The problem is they weren't selling any of it.

Right. So what I said to them was look let's pick one of those things. Let's talk about one of those things and the entire campaign is going to be around that thing. And that right away they said but then we're gonna miss out on all of these other people like and that's what a lot of business owners think they think by making more claims and making their claims more General, they'll therefore attract more people and they'll make more money, but the answer to that is you just make another campaign. So you make one about anxiety one about digestion one about mood memory support immune support.

So each individual campaign again is designed for that one big belief. So I don't want them thinking the one big belief is it's great for anxiety and immune support and you know heartburn that's too many beliefs. I want one belief. So I said, let's pick which one do you feel comfortable with? Which one do you feel comfortable starting with which one do you feel confident enough to prove?

In your unique mechanism marketing argument they set anxiety. I'm sorry. They said inflammation. I said, okay cool. Inflammation we go.

We do all their research as the importance of doing research. We found in the research. Nobody was talking about inflammation. They're talking about there are some people but not many. People are talking about the byproducts of inflammation what inflammation causes that's what they were talking about.

So if we would have missed that critical step we would have built an entire campaign about what they thought their prospects wanted. We would have created a whole campaign about inflammation. What did it work maybe maybe not but I didn't feel comfortable creating a whole campaign when I'm going through right looking Reddit and I you know, I pull up inflammation and the threat and read it is like three thousand people I pull up anxiety. It's like 500,000 people in there talking about anxiety. Yeah.

No. Yeah, yep. everyone to live which Mm-hmm. exactly so what we did was which again we proved is that inflammation in the gut is tied to anxiety. And so the idea is that the anxiety that you're experiencing is not coming from your brain.

It's actually coming from a hidden Source in your body. now that that big idea so these guys just launched like probably about a month ago. That big idea just to learn about that idea is getting them a 65% opt-in rate. To learn about that idea. Um and they are they literally just started running their ads.

They're at break. Even on the front end on Facebook. No order bump. No upsells. No back end.

Nothing. It's just one bottle Three Bottle six bottle. That's it. No optimization yet out of the gate. Right.

So here's some examples of the claims that we made the Morningside method that's their unique mechanism. So their product is called woodrootonic. But again, an E5 campaign is about education. So the entire campaign is about educating them about their unique mechanism, which is the Morningside method and how the Morningside method is the most effective way to reduce your anxiety and the next 30 days without prescription drugs medications or surgery, right? So, A lot of different claims to be made a Morningside method is different and better than other anti-anxiety choices, like kava ashwagandha or magnesium fact is you can't take any of those things in excess because of the potential unwanted side effects like dry skin dehydration and loose bowels.

Like I researched this to death. You know, what happens if you drink too much magnesium what happens if you're if you're taking kava for you know, every day for months on end you get skin issues with the morning side method each ingredient in the formulation is designed to take every day at multiple doses to attain Optimum results without side effects and because of that right, there's the chain term and because of that even if you have days now and talking to these guys, they're primed their Prime demographic and and customers that they've sold previously we're women. So that's why we use this kind of language days where the kids are driving you up the wall or nothing. Went right at the office. You can simply pop the fridge open and pull yourself a few extra shots and not worry about thinking did I take too much or I wish I had a little extra right now as the last thing you need in times like this is more stress or anxiety instead instead.

So there's the comparison right? There's the contrast this is what they don't want. This is what they want instead. You can feel comfortable knowing you have that safety net. There's the metaphor of anti-anxiety dosing that you can pull out of your back pocket right when you really need it the minute you smell the fresh potent cinnamon and floral clothes.

You'll know that help is on the way. So I'm painting that picture for them of like what that's gonna look like when they pop that bottle open next. Using the Morningside method is extremely easy. Yes, there's the proof. All you got to do is pour yourself a 1.5 ounce shot.

That's it doesn't get much easier. Right? All you have to do is pour yourself a 1.5 ounce shot and drink it. That's it. You could take it on an empty stomach at any time during the day or night.

So rather than taking prescription medications like Xanax or value which can make you groggy or run down. You can use the Morningside method first thing in the morning before yoga class. Or late at night right before bed. You don't have to worry about setting up a schedule to take it or feel bad if you miss a dose and you don't have to worry. About forcing yourself to eat a piece of toast or fruit before you take your shot because you think you'll get nauseous again, like painting that picture I could say like you don't have to think about eating but I wanted to be more specific like what what is my wife do when she like when she takes a medication or supplement on an empty stomach and she's worried about like, what does she do she eats a piece of fruit.

She eats a piece of toast. Okay, so let's go with that instead. You can wake up take your shot immediately and set yourself up for the day ahead. Knowing the lemon peel and Ginger. More more tying the mechanism right?

We'll set your stomach at ease while the other anxiety melting right anxiety melting ingredients like chaga and ashwagandha work their magic in the background, right? I'm tying tying the ingredients to the claim. Like it's a beautiful thing. to see a perfectness in Be saying what? I think that a lot you guys Outreach marketers have missed that.

new group new marketers they could have what's part of what makes him such a great record of what we call such a great writer, but it's the Structure of what what's being done? Oh, actually what's being achieved you're this chunk of copy is is establishing belief in the mind of the aspect that this is much easier. other approaches out there dealing with that right in a way that they can picture their minds I didn't. see the ocean but again, you need a claim and he knocked it on evidence. Who prove?

Yeah, and by the way as a side note a lot of like wannabe copywriters they try to do what John does but the thing is that they're not on John's level. So what they do is they try to put lipstick on a pig and they try to they try to word Smith their way to the result because they don't know how to actually do this stuff when you can do this stuff and the stuff that he does like that next level stuff. That's that's a different level of copyrighting, but you can't skip the line Hahaha, yeah, so you can't skip the line and and you know try to do that next level stuff. If you ain't got this in there, right? This is your foundation.

I'm just gonna go through a couple. I had a lot of them you'll see them in the slides because I know where we're running a little tight. I'm just gonna show you a couple of more and then I'll wrap up so next one but Morningside method works extremely fast. So the Morningside method is about drinking a liquid that is easily and quickly absorbed in the gut and because of that right again justifying it provides fast results because certain ingredients like the Cayenne are activated immediately in the brain the apple cider vinegar prepares the gut to receive the other ingredients. It's kind of like how you preheat your oven before you bake a batch of cookies, right?

I use that metaphor because I want to speak to her. I want to speak her language right minutes after you take your first shot in the morning or last one before a bit before bed. You'll know relief is on the way. And will arrive in just a few short minutes, right? So again, I'm painting that picture of like of her being rescued like that's what I want her to imagine is that when she drinks this it's like there it's it's coming to rescue her, right?

So regardless right another chaining term regardless of what you may be going through at the moment, you'll be able to relax and calm down knowing you'll feel better shortly instead of having to wait minutes hours days or even weeks like you do with certain prescription medications, right again, certain prescription medications. You got to wait six to eight weeks to start feeling the changes not with this works extremely fast. You drink it 20 minutes later. You're gonna feel it next. Drinking the morning side method is better than taking supplements and capsule form, right?

This is another Gap question that somebody could have why do I have to drink it? Why can't I just what about all this other stuff I have. now look I'm not gonna I'm not gonna debate about capsules and drinks and this and that but here's the thing. My job here is to create an airtight marketing argument that supports the belief that this is superior. So that's what I'm gonna talk about.

That's the argument that I'm gonna make. Capsules aren't fully absorbed in the body, but the Morningside method is 100% absorbed first. The Morningside method is 100% liquid. So it's easily absorbed in the body with as little as a 1.5 ounce shot. Secondly, you're not getting the fillers and binders you typically find in capsules like rice flour or magnesium sterate.

I know this inside out because I know what most manufacturers put in their capsules. So rather than swallowing two capsules waiting 30 minutes for the effects to kick in only to leave you wanting more because all you really did was consume some rice flour you can instead. So again, that's what they don't want. You can instead there's the contrast pop your bottle open pour a quick little shot and know the minute you taste the slight burn from the Cayenne. Your anxiety will begin to fade away like a distant memory.

So when you pour yourself a shot again now, I'm like, you know, I'm future pacing right when you pour your shot. I'm assuming right like an embedded command in there. When you pour yourself a shot. I'm presupposing that they already have it and they're gonna be drinking it. When you pour your when you pour your shot in the morning, you'll feel confident knowing you're getting all the anti-inflammatory and anti anxiety benefits of all the ingredients instead of overpaying for cheap junk that was putting your capsules.

So the manufacturer could cut costs. Let's just do one more and then we'll wrap up. Okay, so I'll leave you with this because this is a totally different. Um, oh, you know, what we'll do this. We'll do this one because it is a different.

This is another one of my offers. This is my 60 second storytelling method. So if you guys remember at the June top one, I went through my whole storytelling method. So now as markets evolve and everyone's talking about storytelling I got a shift. So now my story is how to tell your story how to tell your business story to Captivate and Intrigue audiences so you can transform prospects into customers in 60 seconds or less.

So it's an expanded claim Right. So the storytelling method work 60 seconds storytelling method Works in any Nitro market. So here's the reality the only two reasons people in any Market are going to buy what you're selling is to solve a problem or fulfill a desire the three-part framework and the 60 Second Story method takes your prospect on a journey from where they are to where they'll be. Once that problem is solved or that desire is filled. So regardless of what Niche you're in as long as you solve a problem or fulfill a desire, you can crank out a story that will Captivate and Intrigue your prospects so you can turn them into customers in 60 seconds or less and because of that you don't need to waste time money money energy or resources on things you think you need because you're out whatever real estate agent coach consultant.

And again, I'm gonna be a specific as possible in the campaign, but that's that's a different version and there's like five or six more and there that you guys can see on in the presentation. So I'll wrap this up and I'll put a bow on this by saying that if we look at an E5 campaign, To right the majority of the campaign is going to be your marketing argument and the majority of that marketing argument is made up by claims. It's made up of claims. So You have to pay close attention to how you structure these things and I I would venture to guess. That the way that I described all of these claims here.

I think I made it sound pretty believable. And I think you'd want to try one rutonic, right? Because I pay I painstakingly went through this over and oh am I making another claim here is this not enough prove is this but you know constantly checking it fixing it. This one isn't even perfect to be honest, but it's better. It's Leaps and Bounds better than what the average marketer does cool.

Cool, okay. I only have 20. Can you do that tomorrow at the start of mine? Does that work for you guys? just who's been building a campaign with Paul or who has built one with Paul good or what?

Yeah, awesome. All right. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna continue Todd's operating it's okay because we're awesome to see Todd tomorrow. So we're just gonna kind of roll over here. So what I know, we're about five minutes away from lunch time.

I'll kind of get caught the signal we'll find a good positive spot. We'll go for lunch outside. And then again, we're gonna do our Maps my time outside. Okay. Demand.

All right, where is um, Glenda Damien. Can you ask Glenda to come in and hand out the implementation packet for these guys? So I put together a little a little packet while we're waiting for for Glenda perfume. If you could turn that around to be awesome just a little a simple implementation packet for you guys that you can begin filling out later. If you want.

I'm not gonna make you you do it now, but I would like for you to begin to work on filling out that little packet. It's maybe four pages. It's maybe eight questions in in total or fill in spots in total. And I would like you to begin filling it in here because I want you to leave with some work done for your foot first bullet and I'm not talking about a whole lot of work. You can fill in some stuff here some stuff is just you thinking through what you're you know what your first bullet campaign could be some ideas for for creating bullet campaigns.

We're gonna cover that more in depth tomorrow, but I would like for you to begin to fill this out some point before you you leave if you fill out the whole thing, you will have a big chunk of the thinking done for your first bullet campaign. And so cool that cool. Let me go through this. Of course, this would stop working. There we go.

There we go. Come on, baby. When in doubt do the old need click it works? mother Alright, so cool. You guys got you guys got that you could see it's very it's very simple.

It's very simple that implementation that implementation process. So that being said come on. All right, so So just as a reminder what we're going to do because I have about 20 minutes. I'm gonna I'm gonna take the I'm gonna take half of what it is that I was going to cover for you today and I'm gonna put it on to tomorrow. So tomorrow is going to be a much longer session because I know that lunch is almost ready and I want to make sure I've got about 20 minutes.

I want to make sure that you guys get out there and enjoy the food fresh Damien would torture me if I made you wait on the food and so so perfect and so today what we're going to what we're going to cover is I just want to show you this Simplicity of the interest sequence emails. So you remember yesterday we talked about the a bullet campaign very simple campaign made up of three core pieces. We've got the marketing and sales vehicle can be a vsl long-form sales letter short form sales letter recording of a webinar doesn't matter. It's whatever you are are most comfortable using to Market and ultimately sell your product to Market and present your offer. I don't care what it is.

I also told you yesterday. It doesn't matter what the price point is can be low ticket mid-tier or higher ticket does not does not matter. I'm going to talk to you tomorrow about coming up with ideas for these bullet campaigns and then I'm gonna show you how we schedule them and and how we look at low low ticket mid-tier when we're scheduling them and all that. Um, we talked about the the second component being a two step two step email sequence the two steps or the two parts of that big Auto responder. The first one is the Intra sequence, what's the purpose of the interest sequence to lead generate out of our house file?

Remember what we're talking about? Here are campaigns that we're presenting to our house file. These are not campaigns that are used with paid traffic or media. Buy. These are for leads individual leads and buyers that we've already acquired that we've already paid for that are on our house file.

And so to prevent burning out our list, we're gonna use this interest sequence to get people to raise their hand and identify themselves as being interested in the topic and right we use a click on one of the links in one of the interest emails as an identif as an identifier that these people are interested, right and then we talked about the second the second sequence in that two step or that two parts sequence is the conversion sequence. The only people that ever see this sequence that ever get this sequence are the people that click a link. In here, right? And so the moment that somebody clicks a link in one of these emails they are immediately taken out of this. There are immediately brought to the marketing and sales page the marketing and sales vehicle and then they are put into this sequence right over here.

If they never click on one of the links in these emails. They never see the offer. They never see the marketing and sales vehicle and they never get this offer sequence. This is about identifying interest and this is about generating the purchase. This is about turning those interested prospects into buyers make sense.

Everybody follow right? That's we covered that yesterday. So I mentioned that this bad boy over here runs for three days runs for three three days two emails a day. We send them out at 8:30 am 8:30 PM you could you if you happen to find a time that repeatedly works. That's better.

That please let me know update us, but we send one out in the morning and one out at night and as I mentioned. These are teaser lymph nodes style emails. I'm gonna show you them. I'm gonna walk you through I believe our first or one of our first bullet campaigns the interest sequence and just a second and then tomorrow I'm gonna walk you through the emails in the in the offer sequence over here. The whole purpose of these emails is to tease the content the value that somebody stands to get when they go over to the marketing and sales page.

We're not talking about the offer. We're not talking about the deliverables. We're not talking about any of that stuff. What we're ultimately doing is we're teasing the benefit the value the payoff the problem being solved when somebody clicks the link and goes over to the marketing and sales page. Now as we talked about yesterday, right?

This is because in the overwhelming majority of our campaigns, we are educating we are using evm content right there is an educational process. There's there's education going on. So we're able to talk about the content the topic the the insights that we're going to give the problems that get solved like we're able to to tease that in here the right and so that's what that's what that's for. The other thing that I mentioned yesterday and you're gonna want this is an important point and you're gonna see it in just a second is that we're not keeping these completely blind, right? So we're not keeping these completely blind the idea is to identify who is interested in the topic.

So I don't want to keep the emails completely blind just to generate a click like another My aim is not to generate as much curiosity as I possibly can create like I don't want I don't want the click coming from Pure curiosity because it defeats the whole purpose of this it defeats this whole dual stand. We're just getting clicks to satisfy curiosity. So I want to make sure that when somebody clicks they have an idea of the topic that they're clicking through to learn more about. So again what you're doing here. There's a there's this Dual Purpose.

You're getting the click over to the marketing and sales page you're getting the traffic but you're getting the traffic from your house file with interested people with people that know what they're clicking through to get that's an important point. If you don't do that you defeat the entire purpose of this process. And so this by the way, I wanted to show you this this is and there there are a lot. This is inside of our this is a screenshot of our Teddy like that. You like it, right?

This is a screenshot from inside one of the hour bullet campaigns. The one that I'm gonna I'm gonna show you and this is inside the The Click sequence the the interest sequence you can see that this we use a vsl for for this I want to and I want to point out a couple things and then I'm gonna give you some context before we dive into the first email. So remember I said that there's a tag like remember I said yesterday that there are tags that get applied like, um starting, you know, John Ford vsl click sequence right for the tag, it's applied and then what do you see right here? Remember I said yesterday there is at the Of this there is a delay. Wait, at least one day and then run at 8:30 am.

And so what happens is if we want this to run if we want this email to go out on 8:30 8:30. Am on a Monday people have to be put into this bullet campaign on a Sunday. Okay on a Sunday if like does that make sense, right? And so and we do that I do that just for uniformity because I don't want this haphazard approach where like like this this particular bullet campaign didn't work as well. We'll did it not work as well because this went out at noon one day or right.

So I want uniformity just to make it easier for me to understand what's going on with these with these campaigns now, I'll tell you that. Oh, there are there are another there are a variety of ways to set this up. Like there are like this this three roll initially. What we had was the basic version of this is wait right run this then you could see that right. So wait one day then run at 8:30 am right email one then at 8:30 p.m.

Run this then what I had was another um, wait until 8:30 am the next A run like I had one straight line. That was just all this in one straight line. That's all it is. So don't be overwhelmed or confused by any of this all this is is they're gonna start this thing. They're gonna go good.

If they don't click on any of these links, they're gonna just continue to go through this continue to go through this and so does that make sense? You see it's a very simple very simple Auto responder everybody get that like it's very simple, right. The idea is one of two things are really gonna happen. They're either one gonna click on a link in one of these emails. They're going to click on a link in one of these six emails if they do whenever they click that link, they're taking out of this sequence.

They're immediately brought over to the marketing and sales page and then they are dropped into the conversion sequence the conversion sequence, of course is you know also has a weight one day until 8:30 am the next day and then it starts this and it looks identical like it looks like identical with the exception of there's more emails. On the last day and we're going to cover all those tomorrow. That's one one thing that could happen. They click on one of those emails and that or they don't click on any of those emails and then they just come to the end of this bad boy. And then there's a tag that gets applied like a tag that gets applied that says they finished the John Ford vsl click sequence.

And then the tag that says in campaign do not mail gets removed. Done that person went through this right we see they went through they didn't click on any that's it. They're done. There's no other part of this campaign that they get they don't get they don't get brought to the marketing and sales vehicle and they don't get put into the conversion sequence right see repeating the same thing over to make sure you guys does that make sense clear? I said to you guys that these emails the the email part the email the email component the two emails or the two email sequences are the heart and soul of the plus the dynamic deadline, right the dynamic deadline, which we're gonna talk more about tomorrow and we're gonna take a look at software.

The even though the email sequences or the two, the two email components are the heart and soul of this the emails are so simple and basic. I cannot stress that enough to you. You're not going to see all the magic that you saw all the copy magic and Wizardry that you see you saw from Paul's slides. You ain't seen on mine. Like you ain't seeing it and I'm sharing that intentionally with you because I don't want you to overthink this I don't want you to think that you everything needs to be dialed.

I'm not saying that it wouldn't be great if it was dialed but what I'm saying is don't over agonize and make sure that like everything every word is perfect. Every sentence is perfect. But it's Flawless. It doesn't have to be you know, how they say listen to me. You know, how they say that why should you have an upsell in your campaign like forget the whole aov increasing like what are they say?

Like, what's the why should you have an upsell in your campaign? Wow, all you guys rock in the house? What was that? Finding your hot meaning what? Okay, that's okay.

Great. Is there go ahead what was other than aov Greed. I like that greed why meaning greed because why because there's there's a certain percentage of people that'll always buy more rightly, you know, and I like the green we're on the same page like good greed. Good greed. Yeah.

Because there are people that want more right there are people that want more I look at it this way like while I you know, and I get what John said and it is like look we want to make more I want you to make more you should make more and those people want more and so you do a disservice to everybody. If you don't offer them, you really do recognize that you're doing it this service to everybody they want more. It to them. But he loses everybody loses, right? There's a percentage of people on your list.

That would want more. Well, I'll tell you what the same thing applies to your house file, right? And in other words this week, you don't have something to send out. There are people on your house file. Lots of people on your house file that would want more from you that would buy more from you.

And if you don't mail to them, if you don't have a promo shame on you shame on you, they're either not getting the help that they need or they're going somewhere else. Right? And so I always look at there's always people on the file that if you offer them more would buy it from you always I would say that there are many of you in this room. If not all of you that lose buyers because you don't offer them enough. Enough, I would say the majority of our clients and students.

Their biggest fear is I don't want to I don't want to offer too many things. You ain't even close. You're not even close. You're not losing people from your file because you're offering them too. Many things trust me the overwhelming majority in here.

Trust me, you're not offering them enough. You're not giving them enough opportunities to buy give them more give them more opportunities to buy and so that's how I look at this. I look at and I'm saying this and I'm sharing this in the context of this copy because I'm saying there's a percentage of people. I'm not looking to hit a grand slam home run every time I'm looking to monetize. I'm looking to monetize and so look at this.

So now let me give you the context of this of this campaign. So the product that we're offering here is a recording of John Ford John Ford wrote great leads. So John Ford wrote great leads with Mark Ford no relation, right? So John Ford is a you know, a 20 plus year copyrighting veteran. He won copyrighter of the year in like 2009 or nine two some, you know, 12 years ago 13 years ago dudes written copy that's produced millions and millions of dollars.

He's worked for a Gora the best of the best. He's trained some of the best of the best. He spoke in all over the world. He's highly regarded we brought him in for a day to do a live training like an eight hour boot camp for this years ago. For all about his leads his lead his lead his approach to leads his approach to creating leads the first 35400 words of a marketing campaign.

And so what so this campaign is offering the recordings of that the recordings of that. Okay. Now I want to give a little bit of additional context since where's Damien so how much I got two minutes. Okay. I thought you're giving me the two minutes signal so Okay, good.

All right. Good. Okay. So I want to give you a little bit of a additional context like an additional value above and beyond just this sequence. So I want you to I'm gonna share it with you.

I want to talk about how I approached marketing the recordings of the of the event. Okay. So so we had the recordings of Him Live talking to our people for you know, like eight hour and eight hour day, but I said, right I don't I didn't want to I wanted something different. I wanted a different way a different angle to um to promote the recordings. And so when things got a little Haywire with the virus and things started closing down and shutting down and marketing, you know, like thing, you know, people were stopping their advertising and all this kind of craziness.

I was like, all right, here's what I want to do. It would be awesome. If I could have like a private conversation with John Ford me John Ford and John mulray, I brought John mulray in where we just talked about. What's no longer working with leads, right? And what is now working with leads almost?

Like I said, you know, what would really be cool if it was like a recording of what was supposed to be a private discussion with me and John where I was asking John like John everybody's having problems getting you know attention now with the old Hooks and methods and what's the new stuff that's working right. Now. What does every what do we need to know? What is my team need to know to create great hooks today? Darn, it would be great.

If we had something like that that we could use as part of the marketing promotion. Okay, John, would you get on Zoom with me and let's you know have a call where we talk privately that I'm gonna use as yeah, and we orchestrated that I'm sharing this with you because right idea first then we engineered how to make it happen, right? So it wasn't like what do I have on the hard drive that we can To promote it was like, okay, what would drive the market wild? What would the market love to see? What would the market love to hear?

And I know and I've said this to you guys many times before the market right like voyers. They would love to look over your show. They want to know what really happens on on brainstorming sessions with John and clients or they really want to see like a they love to see a hidden camera of John working on a sales letter and writing copy right wondering like, you know at any point does he cried Midway through this process? Like you know what I mean? Is he, you know, like what right they would love they love that stuff that they're not they that wasn't intended to be made for them.

They love that they eat that up. And so that's where I said, right. I've Got The credibility of John Ford. I've got this compelling idea of what stuff and hooks is no longer working. What stuff is now working.

What word should you use anymore what we're should you? Use what's the structure now John that you go to like, what do we need to know today? All that? That's what I did right. I recorded this whole this whole thing with with John then what I did to Market and sell the recordings of the the live Workshop was my hook became.

Right, um like this it was something it's something along the lines of like why I called why I called France to get advice from like this legendary copyrighting trainer something along those lines like why I called Frant why I knew I was time for me to call France to get on the phone with this legendary copyrighting trainer. And so the whole start of the vsl is me talking about things are changing Hooks and angles and ideas that once worked weren't working anymore. There is new stuff that we need to do and say in show to get attention in the marketplace. That's why I call this legendary copy writer in France. Let me tell his name is John 40 likes to be called Jack.

Here's who he is. It's unbelievable. Oh my gosh, when I got on with them what he told me was amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing incredible changed everything for us, right. We created a new campaign that went on to do gangbusters, which you did and I want to give you the copy of that. Courting of my private conversation free.

Let me tell you how and then I went into the pitch for I'm gonna give it to you free when you grab the recordings from John's eight hour and the thing um continues to to do well we had to update it slightly to take out covid like language right? Other than that same exact thing using it over and over and over by the way. The thing that I want you to notice here with this tomorrow, we're gonna talk about developing or creating ideas coming up with ideas for these bullet campaigns. We recorded that years ago, Years ago, right. I think that that like every now and then I look at one of the recordings and I'm like not not a single gray not a single gray on me in this thing.

This is you know what? I mean, like what's going on here like um, and so years ago and if I remember, um correctly on that, we had a wacky thing with the AV like the the video quality like the color like everything has like a an orange Hue like we all we're all trumping it on there. Like we're all like orange now right? Like I don't care the information's great. It's wildly valuable.

Am I gonna let people miss out because the the things like am I afraid that somebody's gonna be like the color the color sucks. I'd be like, are you serious? Like that's what you noticed on that eight hour gold training. That's what you paid. Like, I'm fine with it because it's valuable right because it's valuable.

That is the backdrop. Right. So this is the first email in the in the interest sequence and the click sequence, right? You'll you're gonna notice nothing special here selling online is becoming a heck of a lot more competitive in markets more funnels more offers more ads all that stuff. So I called Paris France to speak with the legendary Mentor.

What a dozens of today's top copywriters. My aim was to have them share what's working best right now to get prospects into marketing funnels what he shared is priceless. I explained it all for you in this brand new video recap. Right curiosity Plus what's working best right now to get prospects into marketing funnels. That was my way of of talking about that.

Next. Here's the second email. So this is 8:30 PM now, right doesn't it seem like there's a new marketer a new you so you could see over here, right what the kind of somewhat of the angle like a loose angle over here, right like things are you know a lot more competitive more funnels more. Like, how do you get people in your phone? Like how do you get people to pay attention today?

Like right with all this increased competition? Like what do we got to do today to get people into our our campaigns over here, but look doesn't it seem like there's a new market or a new funnel popping up and most markets every day. Now the Facebook Newsfeed seems to be and after and after that after ad now this is why most Hooks and standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore notice. This is a claim Notice, this is a claim and where is the the support for it came already? Right?

There's right. Like there's new marketers popping up like crazy news feed is ADD after ad after ad right we could say and hence. That's why most hooks in standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore. Right? Like that's you know, this is really like a little mini argument.

If you will right here, they're played out but this is why most hooks in standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore. They're played out used all over and this is why I called Paris France to get some advice from the legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copywriters. I know of anybody would know what's working best right now to get prospects into marketing funnels. It'd be him and I was right what he shared with me is priceless. I recap it for you here in this brand new video not all that much different.

Not all that much different day one. Day two so this is email three. This dude is a legend in the world of direct response marketing. He's not only the mentor that dozens of today's top cop writers has been writing home run copy for 25 years, which is generated hundreds of millions in sales even one copywriter of the year in 2008. Well, I got on Zoom with him to hear his thoughts on overcoming one of the biggest challenges.

We're now facing with online funnels. It's scary stuff. We shared what he shared with me is priceless new 18 minute video If you do any marketing online right now, this video is essential viewing. This one wasn't done properly. This is from our I believe our original our original bullet campaign.

What's missing from this? What did I do wrong here in this first one? Well, I got on Zoom with him to hear his thoughts on overcoming one of the biggest challenges. We're now facing with online funnels. It's scary stuff what he shared with me is priceless what's missing is too much curiosity.

There's no like You know, like it's all it's a pure curiosity. What should have been done in here like the overcoming one of the biggest challenges. We're now facing getting people into our campaigns getting attention with our campaigns right or capturing attention. Um, so this is four, right? There's only six emails in this entire in this entire sequence, right?

So this is day two. This is the evening email. Yep. There's now A new challenge we're facing with online funnels another one me and you I'm not talking about tech or tracking or any of that stuff. It's much worse.

And that's not me being hyperbolic. Not at all. It's the new marketing blindness as it's being called worsening in many niches and it's caused by the rapidly growing volume of new marketers and the swarm of new funnels and offers being published. What seems like every week now and because of this, But once reliable marketing Hooks and headline formulas are not working nearly as well anymore. This is why I call Paris France to speak to blah blah.

I wanted his Insight on what we can do to overcome this even fix it and what he shared with me is priceless what Hooks and ideas are working best in the most competitive markets today. If you're interested. I recorded a little video for you recapping what he shared with me. Enjoy. Obviously.

I'm not taking this issue lightly nor should you Right two more emails in this and these are are short as anything. This is the third day. This is right at am right here. There are certain words. You don't want to use any more at the start of a marketing message.

That's what the mentor to dozens of today's top Crafters told me on a private Zoom call and there are certain words. You absolutely want to use especially if you're attempting to sell anything in a crowd in competitive Marketplace. I recorded the whole conversation if you're interested in listening go here notice that I changed up certain things like I changed up conversation private call Zoom session. I'm trying to dangle right I'm taking the same concept and I'm trying to I'm gonna frame it as a zoom session. I'm a frame it as a conversation.

You know what I mean? I'm gonna frame it is a chat. I'm gonna bring it as a private console. You know what I mean? Like, I'm gonna try to mix it up different different appeals.

Right and I'm trying to come at it from slightly different angles still maintaining the same underlying message. Still trying to see are you interested in hearing more about this? And then the last one so this is day three of the of the interest sequence The Click sequence this brand new 18 minute video Lesson is free. You'll hear what the mentor the dozens of today's top copyright or shared with me privately about what the most profitable funnels do at the beginning of every marketing message. It's Priceless stuff.

You should watch my video recap of the key takeaways. It that's it. Tomorrow I'm going to show you the conversion sequence. The conversion sequence is even simpler because it's the conversion sequence is the most formulaic part of it's It's so simple, it's almost it's almost embarrassing. It's this part where you just have to think about what are different ways for me to kind of say the same, you know the same thing what are some different angles some different hooks a different kind of way without just being repetitive and saying the same thing over and over and so what what you saw was a perfect example of an interest sequence.

So click sequence, it's Damian. Is there anything that you would add since you've worked on a lot of the the most recent the more recent ones that I it's like you said threatening the needle between Intrigue but all so not making it blind so that you're getting the right people into the click sequence. Otherwise, you're invalidating the process. And again when you keep the email short Snappy people don't mind right it's when you sell hard and you Hammer them over the head or these big that's when people start like unsubscribing like crazy, but it's like hey dude had this crazy call with this guy. He solves this problem.

Yeah. This is a great. That's a great click sequence email really is like legitimately. This could probably move move to the first one right like because it's it's straightforward. It's direct you either want it or you don't like right like you either get it or you don't there's not confusing.

It's not I'm not kind of beliebering the point. I'm not clearing my throat getting ramped up. I'm getting right to it and it's clear you you get it you either want or you don't God James. Yeah. The well, the difference was like the conversion rate was we did a test not that long ago where where like my the conversion rate that I got on a bullet campaign was multiples less than what Damian got and we when we looked I my campaign was the first one my campaign was the control and it was very blind.

It was I don't remember what it was for exactly. I don't remember but we were like wow, that's a that's a terrible conversion rate like a percentage wise yeah, you're training your list to become unresponsive. Right. Oh, hey James. I have something for you.

It's gonna blow your mind and you're like, what is it? And I'm like have you ever thought about collecting pots and you're like dude you Lord and then see that the thing that's tough to you because I get what you're saying like, but if you can get you know, let's say hypothetically you get 3x the amount of people to the marketing and sales page, but you could also make the case then that now I've got three x the people that potentially aren't interested that are now going into a conversion sequence and are going to be hammered, you know for three days with you know, eight emails over three days about something that they weren't really interested in and so while you could potentially you could see a radically and conceptually generate more Revenue overall just but you then run the risk of really damaging the rest of the file by being so aggressive with them. And so I think it's almost you know, we're balancing I want to extract I want to monetize and I To extract Revenue, but I also I don't want to kill the Golden Goose. So like, you know, it's it's kind of like if you you might be able to get you know, you may be able to get three, you know golden eggs from that goose three days in a row and then that goose is dead, you know, or you might be able to get one egg from that that goose every three days but you can do a perpetually for life. That's what I'll do.

I'll be a little bit more patient so that I don't kill the Golden Goose which is the responsiveness of the list and so I'm trying not to expose the wrong people to the wrong offer and I'd rather be a little bit more conservative with that knowing that well, right, you know, what if they didn't click this time around they're likely going to see this in six or seven weeks or eight weeks again, and so as long as we don't do anything wrong between now and then they'll still be here and maybe we'll get them then. short good interesting Quotes conversations, that's a good point too. Right you're getting people in in a cycle that Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah.

Yeah, very good or we'll just or we will will you will if we want to do Direct Mail, we'll pull the tag, like we'll say people who bought and are tag with this. Yeah good. So yeah good. Thank you. All right, so I have a couple super awesome amazing things.

Seriously. I had to tell you who's a million dollar Power Hour winner. She voted for I got to tell you about a really cool thing. We're doing at the end here, but I'm not gonna tell you any of that because the food is ready and when food delicious food is ready. You don't make it wait.

And so today we have a beautiful grilled lunch. There are why why you beef Kebab salmon, kebabs vegetable gobs chicken salads. We're all gonna eat outside and then at some point we'll kind of gently transition into getting into our actual Master mining Hot Seat work. And so everybody break lunch. Enjoy.

Are and I'll go eat. Santa Claus sitting one Okay.
