---
title: "Your Winning Offer TEAM Training"
date: 2022-09-02
duration: 3h 21m
duration_seconds: 12063
vimeo_id: 745921674
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Your Winning Offer TEAM Training

**Date:** 2022-09-02 | **Duration:** 3h 21m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Bring this. And so what this is all and this recording is just for you guys, obviously. So what this is all about. So number one, let me tell you how we got to this point and this particular offer and ultimately what it is that we're going to talk about and go through today. So so number one what this is all about is offer creation.

So kind of very similar to when I've done in the past a workshop on the unique mechanism or when I've done a workshop on the big idea what this was really all about was taking one component of a marketing campaign of an E5 campaign. Let's say even though this applies to really any marketing campaign and really focusing on that and drilling deep on on that one topic. Now what I really felt was with this particular offer. Was I wanted to focus on the offer and I'm gonna explain why in just a little bit because I think that this is going to be extremely valuable for you and insightful when I explain why I decided to focus on the offer so aggressively but what I wanted to do was I wanted to teach folks the offer creation process from A to Z. I really wanted to kind of break it down into these kind of micro steps and I'm gonna share a whole bunch of it with you today.

You get the recording of the the actual training all the resources All That Jazz. Um, But I wanted to to to you know to really break it down for them. But then even more importantly I wanted them to have the opportunity to work with you guys to actually do it and so right to actually do the do the offer with them right really get them on a a session and really flesh out the offer and make sure that their offer is nailed. And so this really is not a whole lot different from what it is that you're doing with clients already. The difference is is that we're not talking to them about the big idea the unique mechanism the lead the campaign argument the CPP chunks or anything like that.

All we're doing is talking to them about their offer. I'll explain in a second why I feel like this is one of the most valuable topics for us to to teach folks right. Now. Number one. It really should be obvious.

The offer is critical you guys know that it's you know, it's list offer copy, but Also because the reality is is that it also gives us the opportunity to say to folks similar to when we said to folks with the unique mechanism or the big idea that hey you've got one piece of the campaign nailed. Um, now if you'd like our help on the rest of the campaign, let me know and I'd be more than happy to connect you with somebody or explain to you exactly how that works. And so this is really no different than when I've done a training on the unique mechanism in the past or the big idea. The only difference is that now we're taking it up a notch in terms of the value that we're delivering by giving folks the ability to work with you. It really would be no different than if I did another workshop on the unique mechanism and did the same thing and gave them the opportunity to To learn from you guys how to flesh out and interrogate their their mechanism and dial in there unique mechanism or if there was a call dedicated just to big idea development.

Let's just say and so it really is not that different from what it is that you are already doing with clients just in a more streamlined, um fashion because we're only talking about one thing the offer and so the the other thing that I just really want to point out, is that right? We we eat our own cooking so to speak Especially when Damien Cooks it we eat our own cooking, right? And so what I mean by that is that I do really believe that the you know, the biggest needle mover today right now in many markets, especially the market that we operate in is the offer it's not the idea. It's not the it's critically important. It's not the copy right like it the biggest needle mover is the offer because there are so many campaigns so many promises everybody and their brother now has you know, what they present as a unique mechanism that it is becoming more and more difficult to cut through the noise from a pure marketing perspective.

And so I wanted to take our offer up a notch and go beyond just training. I really feel like the most valuable time that people can invest with us as strange as this may sound and yes, this is being recorded, but it's not with me. On a training but is with you on a on a one-on-one session actually doing it with them. That is some of the most valuable the most valuable time in my opinion. And so I really felt like the game has evolved just like I said on the workshop and I think Michael you might have heard me say this that markets evolve you guys know that markets evolve over time as they are exposed to to more and more similar offers.

So there was a time when I first got online, you know, call it 20 plus years ago where it was like you sold an ebook and that was great and everybody was enamored and blown away and then it was a bundle of ebooks and then it was you know, eventually there was audio and then eventually there was video and then there were courses and then there was coaching and then there was cohort coaching and right and things evolved and I really believe that as it relates to training that um, that that things are really evolving and in order to deliver and present tremendous value you really need the additional hand holding for people because information is plentiful. Right there was a time and I said this on the workshop and then I promise I'm gonna be done rambling and we're gonna jump in. Or we'll be here till midnight there was a time when right like when we designed, um, you know, when we designed programs and home study courses that we were ultimately designing them for the thud factor that thud Factor was when that box of stuff arrived right first and foremost a box of stuff arrived when that box is stuff arrived and the UPS do dropped it on the the by the front door. It was a thud when that thing got put down right and when people opened it up there was a bunch of a bunch of stuff right? Like there was there was a load of stuff in there.

It was a load of information and back then you really could prop up the value of an offer with more stuff because information back then right pre like YouTube and Free video online, um, you know information was scarce and valuable today information is ubiquit. It's all over the place, right? It's everywhere. And so there's no value in merely more information. There's value and implementation and execution.

And so all of that is to say that played a massive role in why I really wanted to to do this and so I want you guys again and I'm gonna read I just want to reiterate this one more time. This is not something new and different. This is something already within your wheelhouse something that you're already doing with clients. We're just taking it up a little bit a little a little Notch and just having you focus on that one thing. So this is not about the big idea the lead the marketing argument CPP chunks.

None of that stuff. This is just about the one component which is the offer in the end. Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay good with that.

Let me go ahead and share my Green and I'm going to walk you through not I'm not gonna go through this. This you know, obviously this this whole training but I'm gonna cover the the key points for you and and we're gonna do this quick. Now the the first thing that I just want to show you guys it's not up on the screen yet, but I'm gonna let me see I want to bring this up was just so that you know, like I want to make sure that you fully understand the experience that these people have gone through um thus far so along with the training so that you know, they got this PDF of key takeaways. I'll give you guys, you know, obviously you guys are gonna get all this but they got the this PDF with the key takeaways and this was meant to be a kind of a Excuse me, a fill in the blank answer this. As they're going through the accelerated, um intensive and so these were really the key points that I wanted them to take away from the The Accelerated intensive, right?

And so they got this to really help them to kind of process the stuff that I was saying and make sure that they were focusing on the the what I see as the the key takeaways. I'm going to show you another resource that they got towards the towards the end. And so I put together a really great presentation. What I believe was a great presentation and so of course I'm biased for this but I want to cover, you know, a couple things here for you guys. And so Number one.

What I want to cover for you is and this is again. This is kind of everything that I'm about to share with you and I'm gonna go through this really quick because I believe that you guys know most of this but I just want to reinforce this. This is what played a role not only in my thinking with this offer to the marketplace, but in my passion for really bringing this to the marketplace and so You know, so the reality is is that what you know, you know that in terms of the order of priority when it comes to conversion when it comes to producing the scale. It's the sale, excuse me that it's audience offer copy, right? And so making sure that you know, you're talking to the right people and of course making sure that you know intimately those people right and then of course, you know, we've heard this, you know, a dozens of times Ad nauseam.

It's been repeated that it's offer then copy. But yet if you really look at it, if you really look at what the majority of marketers and entrepreneurs do online. They are really putting the majority of their focus on the copy and the marketing they're really spending the majority of their time thinking about what campaign model should I have how many steps should I have in there? Right. Should I follow up with SMS and email should I do retargeting right?

They're focusing on all of these the marketing side of things the strategies. tactics of marketing and then of course we know and you guys know this with firsthand experience that they are pouring an overwhelming amount of time and energy Into the copy and they are analyzing every single word and every single sentence and every single paragraph and their endlessly editing and they're kind of procrastinating on launching the thing until the copy is Flawless and yet the overwhelming majority of marketers online. I would wager to say spend or invest less than 60 Minutes on the offer. I would really probably wager and say that the majority spend less than 30 minutes most kind of go in with here's the product here are some bonuses that I'm gonna offer. This is the price that I want to charge and you know, and here's a guarantee and that's pretty much the extent of what it is that they invest into the offer but yet the offer is the bigger needle mover it is significantly more of a needle mover then is the copy or marketing.

Right? And so the reality that that's the first thing to understand that even though we hear this and we shared this and And this has been an accepted thing list offer copy, right? Most people do not approach their offer with the intensity and focus that it warrants and so they are suffering because of that because you know, right and it's I it's somewhere in here. I'll probably show you, you know, you've heard it said right that actually, you know, I'll get there that right better marketing better great marketing is not going to make up for a crappy offer right great copy and great marketing will not make up for a crappy offer. Right but a great offer can compensate for weak marketing and weak copy, right?

And that's not me saying that's Legends of copy Legends of direct response. I'm gonna show you from from Gary Halbert the guy known for copy the guy who taught copy yet. He's saying that right that at the end of the day a great offer will be great marketing every time right a great offer will be great marketing every time the reality is And this is this is not in this doesn't apply to all markets. But this most certainly applies to competitive markets competitive in that there are a lot of the rec response marketers in there. So certainly in the biggest markets the health the finance, um, certainly even in the IM space or whatever it is.

The reality is for the overwhelming majority of people better marketing is the most difficult path to trying to compete in those markets better marketing better copy better ideas are the most is the most difficult approach. It's not only the most difficult approach because of the level of competition meaning the quality of marketers and copyrighters and the time energy and investment that goes into the development of campaigns in those markets, but because those are much more difficult skills to develop then is off. Creation, right in other words writing great copy is not easy, right you you know, this Paul, you know this right? It's a skill that you've developed over many many years and so right writing great copy and being able to write great copy continually right day in and day out is difficult is brutal many people never get to the level that they need to to be at if they're trying to compete based on copy. Excuse me in a crowded and saturated Marketplace.

And so trying to compete on better marketing when you are competing with other highly skilled highly knowledgable highly experienced marketers is a brutal path. I remember what first really got me thinking about this. Was when my buddy, I'm not sure if you know Caleb O'Dowd so okay. You guys know who Caleb is so Caleb is a sharp sharp marketer. Ironically.

The really interesting thing is that Caleb was um was was one of Gary halbert's last students Caleb. We had Caleb out at top one. And one of the things that Caleb shared was he talked about these new business models that he was exploring and playing with and he said something along the lines of it just it got my wheel spinning and it really this was so this was I don't even know three years ago or something like that. He said something like you know that the criteria that he looks for in these in these business models is that first and foremost that it doesn't require intensive skilled copywriting because intensive skilled copyrighting is a difficult thing to do. It's difficult to find people to be able to do it.

It's difficult to replicate consistently and so he looks for business models that don't require great copy and don't require great extensive marketing shops. And and then he gave examples and when we were chatting and any kind of shared some of the things with me that he was doing but and it got my wheel spinning of right of trying to you know, it's funny how because we talk a lot about like because we we talked about you're a marketer and I'm you know, I'm guilty of this. You're a marketer right big the the part of being a marketer is writing copy we end up focusing and in order an amount of time on the copy and the marketing not really recognizing accepting and acting As if the offer is more important, which it is. And so the offer is far more critical is far more of a needle mover than is right. Then is the copy and the marketing.

Right. I already said this that and you've heard me talk about this before that better offers make marketing and selling easy the example that I gave these guys that I've given a number of times that I actually I recently when I was in where was I Arizona for cold, uh, Gordon Sales Group. So in front of sales people I said to them I said right help me sell these bad boys this banged up VW truck AM FM torn up interior 108,000 miles on it or whatever it is or you know, and and I want you to also help me sell this brand new, you know, Matt Black Aston Martin 300 plus thousand dollar vehicle all the bells and whistles loaded to the nines and I want you to sell each of these vehicles for 45,000 right and you've heard me say this and give this analogy before right the reality. Is that the sell that VW banged up VW truck for 45 Grand you need some serious sales chops marketing chops copy chops. You better have this thing dialed to sell that.

Black, you know Aston Martin for $45,000. Your biggest problem is having people believe that it's legit and not stolen right like you're not gonna have a problem selling that Aston Martin for $45,000. The reality is you don't need whizbang copy. You could advertise that Aston Martin for $45,000 probably have one other line underneath there like no it's not stolen fully legit like something like that and you're gonna sell and you're gonna get calls out the Wazoo. You don't need a big idea.

You don't need a unique mechanism. You don't need a crazy campaign argument. You don't need all of the other things that we typically do when we are trying to prop up an average or ordinary offer when you've got a great offer. This is an extreme example, of course, and this is an example based purely on value proposition, right? You're You're basically trading 45,000 for a 300,000 plus vehicle.

And so that there are lots of different ways to make the offer more compelling wildly compelling the point here is to show that when you've got a great offer it makes marketing and selling easy it makes Reading sales infinitely easier, you know the interesting thing, you know, the guy who really who did a tremendous job. Uhm on with his book Alex hermosi right before Alex became popular. We all we interviewed him for top one. He almost joined top one before he took off. Um, but he didn't but you know, so Alex did a great job, right and and he's become he's tremendous entrepreneur.

He's done tremendous things. He recently exited his business. He's worth a tremendous amount of money today. And the interesting thing is that the foundation of his success was his gym launch business Jim launch. Kind of, you know, Alex and I had a lot in common having come from the Fitness arena for many many years.

The interesting thing. Is that right? And he sold a tremendous like obviously, I believe he exited the business for 50 plus million dollars. If I'm not mistaken his gym launch business the gym launch business helps other gym owners to be successful. Here is the really interesting thing and I'm not saying anything to you that I wouldn't say to Alex and that is that his marketing isn't that good?

It's never been all all that good. If you look at the copy for gym launch, if you look at the marketing for Jimmy Jim launch, if you look at the format of the pages for Jim launch, it's nothing special. You're not looking at that and saying like, oh my gosh, I could see immediately why this works the copy is incredible the he's a word Smith. He's none of that. It is by all standards by our standards, right?

It's nothing impressive. The reason why is the reason why it's been so enormously successful is because the offers Because the offers are no brainers and when you have no brain or offers like this is why like I from a pure marketing and copy perspective. I would put any one of you up against Alex any day. Any day but the reality is is that the bigger needle mover is the offer and when you can design great offers winning offers, right the game becomes infinitely easier. The other thing is that I already said right that better offers always be better Marketing.

In other words you take right like compare apples to apples. You you take a great a campaign with great marketing great copy and an average one of the mill offer you take that same campaign with average copy, um, you know mediocre marketing but just a stellar offer and the Stellar offer is gonna win. It's it'll win. Let's call it nine out of 10 times for sure. Right like it's gonna it's gonna win nine out of 10 times.

I already said Gary Halbert said strong copy will not overcome a week offer but a strong offer will succeed in spite of weak copy written by marketing morons. I wouldn't even go as far as to say that he's basically saying marketing Knuckleheads with a great offer can beat skilled marketers that don't have a good offer that have a week or a week offer or a subpar offer or today an average offer. And this is why the reality is is that time and time again, we've seen I've seen right better offers dominate markets. This is why sometimes we have top one clients where they're marketing isn't that great. They're copy isn't that great, but they are dominating they are crushing it in there in their markets.

And the reason why they're crushing it is because they've got great offers. And then what happens is Right. We've got other clients that come in we even have top we we have Some top one clients that are in the same niches. So we've got you know people in the supplement space and and the health space and the finance phase right and and these new top one members come in and they say I want right. I want to make sure that my marketing campaign is Like, you know like Bob's.

And they immediately default to help me improve the marketing campaign. Work on the copy. Let's work on the lead. Let's let's analyze the copy and right and they say that's where I want to go. And I and I tell them the same thing that I'm telling you guys that that's not why they're dominating they're not dominating because they're copy is great.

They're not dominating because they're marketing is great. They're dominating because they have a great offer and even if we get you a great marketing and great copy, but leave the offer ordinary and subpar you are going to lose to them you are going to lose to them. And so better offers dominate markets and all of this right leads to why I refer to and you might have seen this post inside of our E5 Nation group all this has led to me saying that that creating better offers create creating winning offers focusing on offer creation really is the Supreme skill. It really is the money maker, especially in crowded saturated markets and that's why I said that really the right way to think about this is that above above before and above all else. I want our people to start to think like act like function like offer creators, you are an offer Creator first that then creates marketing to support the offer right?

Like the marketing is not the is not the aim is not the the goal right the goal the destination. The thing that we want response to is the offer and the marketing the campaigns right everything that we do with an Five campaign is designed to set up the sale. So when we introduce the offer, they are ready to buy and so this is why with E5 we've always started with the offer. I say right you start with the offer. This is also why in my old office.

In the in in my prior house to the right of my computer. I had this whiteboard and I like to say that tons of stuff went up on that whiteboard and tons of stuff came down was erased off that whiteboard over the years, but the one thing that remained on that whiteboard for years was focus on Crafting killer offers focus on Crafting killer offers when Damian when Damian when Teddy when Chris when the team when John come to me and say I've got a great idea, you know, like okay tell me the offer tell me the offer don't put all your focus on the idea if that idea is gonna lead to an average one of the mill offer or if the if the mentality is, um, whatever let's just whatever whatever the offer is like, we'll figure out the the offer like cool. Okay, we can figure out the offer but that's the very first thing that needs to be nailed right that needs to be nailed. The offer should be engineered before anything else and so before I go on Make sense any questions about that any comments about that. No makes perfect sense to me.

Okay. so So, let me see here. So the next thing that I explained to folks and I just want to show you this because we're not gonna go through this but I explained to folks, of course the necessity of examination, right and obviously like look, you can't engineer anything related to marketing to sales an offer a big idea campaign a campaign argument. If you don't invest the time in understanding your prospect and ultimately understanding your competitor and you guys know that right you guys help clients with that and we drill that into them, right? The reality is I hate the examination stage.

It's the most tedious part to me. It's the most boring because it's not creative. It's more of you know curation and collection and and kind of you know analysis if you will and then decision making it's not the creating part or the engineering part that I love so much. But the reality is is that that's where the money is made and every single top copywriter from back in the day to now would tell you the same exact thing right every single top marketer from back in the day to now would tell you the same thing the better you understand your Market the better you understand and and you know your Market meaning your your prospects and your your competitors. The easier it is to create campaigns to create offers that resonate so it goes without saying that we need to make sure that we like that our folks understand who they're talking to what those people want and all the stuff that we you know, we cover in in E5 now.

Uh and let me just take a break for one second and say this what I'm gonna do is I would say that for the next 45 minutes. I'm gonna go through this stuff maybe a little bit less. I'm gonna go through this stuff and then we're gonna switch to a document that I put together specifically for you guys in and that document really covers. Um, like when I used to do daily intensives when people would fly into West Palm Beach to meet with me when it came time for the offer creation, um, or really engineering enhancing optimizing I'm gonna walk you through the flow the process the steps that I I went through in order so that you understand exactly how I do it and that's where we're gonna really kind of we're really gonna talk because I really want to hear if you've got a better way and you can improve the way that that I'm doing it I talked about This idea of a winning offer and and a winning offer as I see it. It has really three components.

There are three core elements that need to be present. I to really have a winning on there. There are three things that need to be addressed or there are three things that play a role in whether this offer produces really well average or really poorly the first piece that I talked about which is the most difficult piece for us to Uh us to tweak and adjust with a client but it's I'm sharing this because I want you to understand what I shared with them. And this is on the on the on the document that I created for you is the attractive solution. I called it a Panacea for this just to have three p's.

That's all it's all I'm talking about. Here is an attractive solution, right? So and I'm gonna break this down for you in just a second. Then there is the the sin proposition. This is the the component that people most typically think of when they think of the offer this is actually what people get and what they need to do to get it.

Okay. Um, and by the way, and then and there's one other piece which is the presentation the flow and languaging and so meaning I'm going to show you right like and we're gonna talk through and much of this again 85 90% of this you already know and so I want to reinforce that but this is you know, like when we present the deliverables are we just presenting deliverables or we just talking about features are we talking about benefits or we just talk about functional benefits. Are we giving are we dimensionalizing the the benefits are we giving a reason why we're including the um deliverable how much of our time is being spent talking about the actual feature or deliverable, you know, the deliverable versus just the versus the the benefits the payoff the result this includes things like, you know, how we present the price to create the right frame this this includes things like the language that we use on the risk reversal proposition. Are we stating the guarantee in the affirmative or the negative? And so we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna cover that and so these are really the three legs the three components the three pieces that make up a winning offer.

Right? And the reality is is that any one of these that lack could hurt the hurt the the sale the two biggies of course are the attractive solution and the the sin proposition now before I go to that I do want to share with you one other thing that let me see here that I shared with folks. Yeah. And so and this is important. This is an important distinction.

I think this could be valuable for you guys. And if you already know this like really then then tell me so that I don't waste time on this but so, you know I said, what is an offer right? What is an offer right? So the offer as I Define it is what what the prospect gets and what they need to do to get it right what the prospect gets and what they need to do to get it now here is the thing and here is the lesson that what the majority of marketers think and entrepreneurs think this means is what is the prospect get what they immediately think is the product the deliverables the bonuses right what they get product. deliverables bonuses what they need to do to get it what most people think is they need to pay x amount and they need to fill out an order form, right?

That's the way that's where most people write. So what are they? What do they get they get this product and this product and you know this this and this and this bonus and this and this and this, excuse me, and what they need to do to get it they need to pay 297 and they need to do that by filling out an order form. But here's what I want you to understand and this is really important that what the prospect gets goes far deeper than just the deliverables and the bonuses most importantly when it comes to the offer what the prospect gets are the results the benefits the outcome the change the transformation the alleviation of pain, that's really the selling point. That's really the needle mover.

That's really what the prospect cares about. You already know that people buy things people buy products and services not for the product or service but for the result for the outcome for the change for the transformation for what it's gonna do for them. They'll be advising bottle of vit. Because they're thrilled about having a hundred capsules in some opaque jar bottle whatever in their kitchen cabinet, they they want the the denser bones. They want the enhanced cardiovascular system.

And so the reality is is that you've got to realize that when we are talking about an offer what the prospect gets the the big priority is that we're showing them that they get these results. They get these changes they get these improvements they get these outcomes. That's what they get. Right? They certainly they get it through the product the deliverables.

They also understand they get right a guarantee. Meaning that right. The guarantee is really a feature so somebody tell me somebody just shout out. So the guarantee is a feature. What's the benefit that they get with a guarantee?

risk reversal Yeah piece of mind the trust not trust but safety. Yeah safety. Yes safety lowered risk confidence, right Comfort mental piece of mind, you know what I mean? Like, um, and so see this is important because right like we're gonna talk a little bit about we're gonna really bring this together in just a little bit but right so they get more than just the deliverables and and the bonuses right? That's not they don't care about that.

They care about the what those those things do for them the results the outcome the change the transformation as well on the other side and this is critical and and this should show you why we have those three components to a winning offer. What do they need to do to get it? Right. We said what is the typical marketer think they need to pay and they need to fill out an order form. But the reality is is that that's just the beginning because the reality is right, what do they need to do there are certain risks that they need to take right in their mind whether it's time right like whether it's Financial Risk, of course, but then here is the other thing in the bottom three or the ones that I really want you to grasp is that right?

It is that they understand that now with this product or with this solution, right? Because ultimately, you know, what are we doing? We're selling we're offering people solutions to problems. That's all right, whether that problem is a pain point or whether a problem is an unfulfilled desire. Excuse me.

And so right you have to understand that in their mind right part of what it is that they need to do to get it what I say it and this is an important distinction. When I say it, what do you think? I mean? It what do they need to do to get it what the prospect get now that you now that you see the first side the green what the prospect gets and what they need to do to get it. What is it?

What is it represent here the result exactly the result the outcome the thing that they want ultimately we could boil all that down to the value right what the prospect gets right in terms of the value and what they need to do to get that value or really you could say to get that value slash extract that value and so part of that is what's the amount of work and effort required to use the solution right to get the the result. What's the time that I'm gonna have to put in to get the result what kind of discomfort am I gonna have to endure to get the result and so you've got to recognize that it's not just put the put the payment in that part of this is right is how attractive is the solution how? Attractive is the solution. What does this solution require me to do to get the value? Right.

What's the value that I get? And what do I need to do to get the value? And ultimately what we want to do right is we want to skew the value proposition in favor of what the prospect gets and we skew the value proposition in favor of what the prospect gets by loading the benefits not loading the deliverables I said yesterday right that that there's this weird approach that people take novice marketers take That they think because if we go back here because they think what the prospect gets in their mind, they think deliverables deliverables deliverables. So when it comes to trying to skew the value in favor of what the prospect gets, what are they default to deliverables more deliverables more stuff more bonuses right more focus on the stuff, right? So in the offer they end up giving a lot of stuff and they end up spending an inward amount of time on that lot of stuff.

The reality is is that what the most important thing to the prospect in terms of what they get are the results the benefits the change the outcome not the stuff not the stuff and so we load up the value proposition in favor of what they get by loading up the benefits. And you're going to understand the role that this plays when we get to the offer to put a bow tie on this little section and then if you've got any questions fire away, this is why you've heard me say before and you guys know this the product is not the offer right? The product is only a part of the offer. The deliverables are only part of the offer. Ultimately what we are selling if you will is the value of the whole offer the value of the whole offer.

This is why going back here? This is why I said if there's a guarantee, well, there's value to the guarantee because that guarantee presents or provides additional benefits that wouldn't be there if we didn't have a guarantee. So whether it is peace of mind, whether it's lowered risk, whether it's Comfort whether it's you know safety. Well, none of those benefits would be experienced by the prospect with this proposition if we didn't have a guarantee and so when I say right like that, you're not selling the prospect on the the product you're selling them on the value of the whole entire offer, right? You're selling them on the value of the whole meaning that you're ultimately selling them on the benefits of the entire offer the entire proposition and you're gonna see when we get to you guys know this when we get to the components of of a proposition of an offer things like let's say price, right?

Well, there are there's a benefit potentially if you under price if you discount or You if you are extremely low price. Well, then there's a benefit that's attached that if you have phenomenal terms on the offer right pay nothing today like you run with a soft off or pay nothing today. They're they're a monster benefits that come with that risk reversal monster benefits right bonuses. Hopefully done, right? Like we're gonna talk about monster benefits.

And so we're ultimately selling during the offer presentation the prospect on the the value of the whole offer. And so really you want to think about the whole offer as the product. So rather than thinking in your mind or I'm talking to you guys is almost as if you're you're clients, this is for you to really convey to them that you want to think about you want to pretend like the offer is the product that you're selling not the product itself, right? And so I gave this example and I've given this example before oh right like that, you know, somebody's asked me I've been asked a number of times like well, how do you compete if somebody up the To selling the same exact product you are. How do you compete like you're selling a grill?

They're selling a grill. How do you compete and where right like, how do you compete if your offer is the same? And I said right that question even highlights where their mindset is at when it comes to the offer because to them they're viewing. Well, they're selling the same product. I am right in their mind.

The product is the offer the product the price like it's it's the it's the the offer but the product is not the offer the product is only a piece of the offer the example that I gave yesterday was this let's say this we're selling the same exact grill or let's say we have an option of which grilled by we want this Grill you get the grill. It's 3,900 bucks and you get a 14-day guarantee that's option one and then there is option number two, and this is the same exact Grill and this Grill you get the grill just like an option one, but now you get free barbecue utensils, you get a free free set of grilling videos online on you know, grilling Mastery 101 or whatever you get a free thing of Grill cleaner, you get free shipping and set up so that you don't even have to worry about leaving the store with it. We're gonna ship it to you. We're gonna ship it same day. We're To set the whole thing up for you, you know, you only have to pay 650 today.

It's six payments at 650 and you get a one year guarantee. There's a wildly different offer right same product right wildly different offer. And so the reality is I I would even go as far as to say and I said this yesterday that the truth is I believe that we could actually make this offer $4,000. Right? Let's just say let's say it was to say let's say we didn't even go with six payments of 650.

We just made it $4,000. So we're a hundred dollars more than um than the other Grill and I let's say we made it $4,000 hundred dollars more so that that hundred dollars covered all of our costs on all the free stuff that we were including in here. So now our margin is the same exact margin as option one, except we have a significantly better offer. Now. What are you gonna go with?

Are you gonna pay 3,900 bucks to and you got to love the thing out. You got to set it up. You got a 14-day guarantee or would you pay four thousand for the same Grill where you get free barbecue utensils grilling videos Grill cleaner free shipping free set up and a one year guarantee. I could be more expensive with a better offer and I would I would compete and likely win. Does that make sense?

You know anything that you would add to that. You disagree. Does anybody disagree with me? I want that Grill. I'm ready to buy it right now.

Me too. If you find it buddy you let me know and so okay. So now I want to go back to I think the only thing I would add to that is. that second Grill if all of those if all of the benefits of those extra things that they get added up to some Like ultimate goal. Like if they want to be the king of the neighborhood or something, like it's the king of the neighborhood, you know accessory pack or whatever so that it you know what?

I mean? I would say yes, if there's a if there's a big well a primary promise that all of those kind of Supported maybe. Yeah, you're you're actually taking it up a level of Michael in terms of really we're now getting into kind of what I would call the presentation like portion. Right? So it's right like and you're so you're absolutely right.

You're spot on you're just taking it up a whole another level right now. It's the difference between right like do we give that bundle a name right the grill King, you know or whatever. Um, you know now it's how do we position it frame it present it, you know, ultimately package it right but you know, the the thing that I just wanted to show you was that right like we're not selling the product we're selling the offer and that in and of itself for many many clients should be a monster mindset shift because Excuse me. This is why. Ultimately, right like when you manipulate things like terms risk reversal, you can take the same exact product and end up with a radically different conversion rate radically different performance.

You could change those things in a campaign and go from a loser to a winner without changing copy or anything else. And so that's the reality right? And so I just wanted to really drive home and enforce this idea that we're reinforce. This idea that the product is not the offer. It's only one piece of the offer and there are a lot of other levers that we can pull that have a monster impact on the perception of that offer and ultimately response.

So mmm I want to now just go into go into this, you know the attractive, um the attractive solution and I just want to drive this home and I I think that you guys have heard me say this before so we're not going to spend a whole lot of time on this but I use the example for whatever reason of if I wanted a green Lush Long and I and and I didn't know how to have a green Lush Lawn wasn't a pain point. My lawn wasn't banged up or beat up or anything like that. It's just I wanted a nicer lawn. I really wanted it to To Shine by the way, like I said yesterday to everybody. My lawn is fine.

So this is nothing to do with my law. Um, so um, fortunately I don't touch it because I have no idea. I don't even know what grass is out there. And so but right if I wanted a green lash lawn and I came across somebody offering a system, you know for how to have a green Lush Long and the the system that the promise was huge. It was like, you know in 72 hours, you know, and only 72 hours you'll have a green Lush Long the thing will be magnificent.

It'll be full and thick and green and greener than anybody's longing your neighborhood and and blah blah and so they had a great promise right that all the benefits in there. Of how I was gonna feel in the pride and how my wife would look at me and my neighbors would be talking about how gorgeous are lawn is and blah blah blah and they wrapped up they took their solution and they wrapped it in, you know, a a sin proposition meaning they did what the you know, they they put together like a don't even you don't even have to pay anything today. Right? We're gonna ship you the whole thing enjoy it use it and only right like in 30 days from now when your lawn is still locked, right? It's gonna be beautiful and 72 hours, but right in 30 days when it's still beautiful and gorgeous and Lush then you can make one payment.

You also get to keep the bonuses blah blah like they made they rolled out something right like that was just a a no-brainer proposition, okay. Excuse me. On the surface and I want you to understand this on the surface now mind you this was also you know a this was something that I neglected for a very long time. On the surface the majority of marketers what they would say is that's an irresistible proposition. Okay, because we got this we got the solution that offers a promise and it the promise is compelling and right IT addresses the exact unfulfilled desire that you've got and it comes with all these benefits and right like the proposition that we're putting out in front of you to get it, you know is right you pay nothing today.

You get all these bonuses. You keep the bonuses right blah blah, if if you don't have a green Lush Lawn in 30 days, not only will you don't make you don't make a payment. We're gonna send you a hundred bucks and blah blah, right, like looks like an irresistible offer. But here's the thing that is um that we have an addressed that hasn't been addressed. And that is this going back to what the prospect um gets and what the prospect needs to do to get it is now let's say that the solution is right like I have to lay out so I have to sleep outside on my lawn for the next 72 hours and every hour on the hour.

I have to dig up the soil with my hand. Hands and spit some saliva in there and then put the soil back. As long as I'm willing to do that for the next 72 hours, right lay outside for 72 hours. I could I could go to the bathroom get something to eat. But I gotta be out there blah blah, then the results the offer the whole nine.

Well who in their right mind would do that who in their right mind would want to do that who in their right mind would see that as an attractive solution right? Nobody right? Like I don't care you could offer it to me for free and I don't want it why because the solution is not attractive to me the idea of because again it falls to what I need to do to get it being the value it being the result it being the the green Lush Lawn. I'm not willing to do it. It's tedious.

It's work. It's effort. It's discomfort. It's time it's commitment. It's all these things meaning that right if the solution is wildly unattractive wrapping it in a sin proposition isn't going to fix it if people see it as an unattractive solution.

A wildly irresistible proposition isn't going to fix that right because people don't want right in irresistible proposition for a crappy solution. Does that make sense? Right, you gotta recognize that this is a part. This is one of the components that few people really understand right that few people really understand. I really do think to give credit where credit is due that her Mosey did a good job of really articulating this in in his book, right?

He really drove home the point to everybody like, um, you know, the you know, and what's actually just go over this real quick. These are The criteria that I look at for how attractive a solution is for how attractive a solution is. Now. This doesn't mean like look if the solution has all of these or meets all of these criteria. That's like a perfect 100 ideal rock star out of this world doesn't mean that every solution has to meet all of these criteria, but certainly the less of these criteria that the solution meets.

Well, then the less attractive it is right the less attractive it is and you could make the case that the less attractive it is the more pressure you put on the proposition part, the more attractive it is the less pressure. You have to put on the proposition part. Does that make sense? What I just said? Yes.

Okay. So right oh, so it solves a significant problem or unfulfilled desire. That should be obvious number two, it produces a big desirable result. And so here is what this is about. I didn't just say it produces a result.

I said it produces a big desirable result. This is all about right is The juice worth the squeeze, right? So I've said jokingly before in the past right that if we were selling a program on on traffic, right and it was super easy to use it worked right away. Like it met all this other criteria, right? It's new, it's different.

It's it works. It's the fastest way to get you know to get traffic like you'll start getting traffic in an hour all this stuff. Right and we had a sin proposition for this bad boy, right? But the result that It produced this traffic generation system or solution of ours was that you get a whopping eight new visitors every week. Not happening, right?

No you because the Jews ain't worth the squeeze. I don't care that's not a big desirable result. And so ultimately this is why when we talk about the the primary promise of outcome and we say big bold audacious true and believable right big bold audacious. I can't pack any more adjectives in there. Ultimately.

What I'm trying to say is that the prospect needs to be excited by the the size the magnitude of the results if we were selling a fitness thing right a fitness program and it was like you're gonna lose a quarter pound a week, right? Maybe it's fast. Maybe you start losing it right away. Maybe it's easy to do maybe right like but you're not gonna get a whole lot of takers right on that. And so unless of course, right it required.

No work. No effort. No very little money, right so Uh, so it's it's viewed as quick and easy to implement. It is viewed as producing fast results and we're going to talk about this one in just a little in just a little bit. It's viewed as new and different.

It's seen as Superior to other options Superior and what Superior in some area, right? And so, you know this already when it comes to the thesis statement might be the fastest might be the easiest might be the most consistent might be the most effective might be the the safest might be the most reliable doesn't have to be all of the above. Right? It could be one or it could be one or more right? But it needs to be viewed as the as Superior in some area people don't like people don't want people don't spend money on inferior Solutions.

I say right maybe you've heard me say it before no one right people aren't going to Google and searching for the third best way to to lose weight, right? They want the best way or the fastest way or the easiest way or the most reliable or the most consistent and the thing that really understand right is as you guys really know is that the fastest also doesn't mean the most Effective the fastest doesn't mean the safest the fastest doesn't mean the most consistent the say the fastest doesn't mean the most reliable right? Just like the easiest doesn't mean that it's fast or the fastest doesn't mean that it's it's consistent doesn't mean that it's you know produces a huge result. Right? Also, the most effective doesn't mean that it's fast doesn't mean that it's easy doesn't mean that it's the most consistent doesn't mean that it's the safest and so the point is is that right that the there has to be some area that we can claim.

Superiority, right and you guys know that this really comes from the mechanism, you know, the the the the solution if you will the mechanism behind the the solution some aspect can be framed or positioned as done for you. And so what this means is right. So when we do things like in our space when we do things like, um, templates, you know, um cheat sheets, um swipes all of those things are leveraging and aspect of done for you the more done for you. Something is the higher the value. This is why right taking a course on traffic generation is far less expensive than is paying an agency to do it for you.

Right? And so the more done for you something is or viewed as the more valuable it is the other thing to understand is that there's an additional psychological benefit to to done. You are components done for you or some aspect position. As done for you in that psychologically, it gives the prospect more confidence in the outcome, right? Because the less I have to do the less.

I have to translate my knowledge my understanding into action right to get the result and the more I can rely on your expertise your knowledge your experience the more likely I am to experience the result. Right? So like the less I have to rely on myself and the more I can rely on you to just do it or show me how to do it or give me, you know, like if there are seven steps you do the first three for me the more likely I am to get the result right? And so this is why there's the lowest level of confidence in doing yourself. There's more confidence in do it with you and there's that much more confidence in done for you.

Does that make sense? Yep. Yep. So these two are the the biggies these two when it comes to the attractive solution or the biggest needle movers, right? And this is easy and fast, right and so in an Ideal World now, let me tell you how this list came about right?

So or really the the first use of this list the first use of this list was criteria for us When developing new Frameworks programs methods to solve problems for clients. So like when we are are trying to think about a solution to a problem that clients have that we don't solve right now and we're developing Solutions. This is the criteria that we use to put ideas through to filter through and when like we see this is right. This is slow and this is tedious right then it gets next right because it makes it that much more brutal that much more. Difficult to sell it and so we're ultimately looking for ease and we're looking for fast.

Right and we're looking for some aspect that can be presented as done for you and and and all this and so does that make sense? Yeah, okay. Yes. Okay good. So I what I what I shared with folks as you know is right and this is why I said that the the solution is the most difficult lever for us to pull.

I said it's not about saying that it's easy. It's about making the solution easier for prospects. Right like in other words. This is not about like the answer isn't all right. My thing is brutally difficult.

So I'm just gonna say it's easy in the copy, right? That's obviously lying and people are very quickly going to discover that it's not easy. It's hard and especially if you if you now make a soft offer or you have an incredible guarantee, you're gonna get pounded by people. And so what this is really all about is kind of a a check. This is a like you got to look internally and you got to ask yourself.

Can I make our solution easier to use? Can I make our solution easier to implement are there things that we can give include do for them? That would make it easier for them to to implement as it relates to demonstrating speed. So, of course, we've got the you know how fast will I see the transformation? This is where everybody goes when they think of speed.

So let's take the example of Let's say we were helping people lose 50 pounds or that was kind of the promise that we were making right that the big overarching problems. The big overarching benefit was like this is a program to lose 50 pounds. Um, you know, it's designed for people that have 50 pounds or more to lose blah blah blah. Well, the reality is is that right like to lose 50 pounds. I don't know it could take somebody.

You know, let's call it 15 months to lose that that you know, 50 pounds. Well 15 months is a time frame that doesn't excite anybody for anything right? I don't care what it is. It don't matter you right like, you know banking additional, you know million dollar like people don't get excited by 15 months. And so what do you do?

Well, what you can do what you can focus on is how quickly does the solution begin working. Right, so just because it would take 15 months for our system our solution to get 50 pounds off of somebody well, but we can talk about the fact that it begins working within the first 24 hours that you're on the program. Your metabolism is, you know, your metabolism is is turning faster. You're burning more calories. Your body is starting to dip into fat, you know burn fat and trim fat from your waist, right this begins to work immediately for you.

You can also right. When will I begin to see to see results right? So I didn't say in this the transformation I said results, right? Like the reality is that you can start to see results on the scale in the mirror in as little as five days and as little as four days and as little as 72 hours, so in the instance where you've got something a transformation the big overarching promise that has a long time frame that we ultimately don't want to talk about and bring up front right like in Spotlight doesn't mean that we hide it. But we don't want to Spotlight it well.

What do we do we do this how quickly does it begin working right? When will I begin seeing results and you can see that this applies like this this can apply to anything if we were talking to people about how to get 10,000 Facebook people into their group. Well how to get 10,000 people in their Facebook group that could take somebody four months or 10 months. Whatever the number is right, but the reality is is that what we can we could show them that right this begins getting you people right within the first day you're gonna start to see people coming into your group the very first day it goes to work work for you the moment that it is released and you'll see the results within the first 24 hours new people in your group and you'll know that this is going to blah blah blah. And so that is the the attractive solution next is the Proposition, right?

And this is the this is I talked about Sin and then I talked about these six as the core components. I talked about these six. I like things like read a reason to respond Now call to action. I move that to the presentation. Portion here.

So what I did was I went through. Let me see this I went through. Deliverables and I'm gonna cover this for you in a separate document. Uh here this is this is important. Let's cover this so that you understand this on the document as it relates to deliverables.

I talked about the idea that each deliverable should address a different benefit or overcome a different concern or resolve a different problem. What I'm talking about is avoiding having duplication in the offer meaning like when somebody says something like like what you ultimately want is you want Eight you want each deliverable to have its own benefits, right? So you don't want to duplicate you don't want to say like you get um, you know, you get 24/7 access to our customer support team so that you get all the support you need and you can have your questions answered whenever you want. You also get coaching every week so that you get ongoing support and anytime you're unsure of what to do. They're gonna give you the answer and you also get access to our Facebook group.

This is where you'll get additional support anytime. You have a need or want or curiosity about something you all you did, right. You have three deliverables that are talking about the same exact benefit, right? You don't you want a different benefit tied to different deliverables and what I explained to folks. I'm going to show you an example.

This is just a second. What I explain to folks was that if hypothetically I had you know the way to really think about this is you ultimately want a benefit. Or benefits tied to one or more deliverables. So if I'm going to talk about support, right like you get support so that you can get your questions answered. So you're never in the dark so, you know exactly what to do next so that you keep moving forward if I'm gonna talk about support right?

I'm either gonna have one or more deliverables for support what I'm not gonna do is have two separate deliverables that are both talking about support. I add deliverables based on additional benefits not not just to add deliverables. So if I had 24/7 customer support and I also had a Facebook group and they were both designed for support then when I go when I get to that deliverable that support deliverable. I am going to say you also get 24/7 access to our customer support and 24/7 access to our Facebook group. So you get the support you need the questions answered that becomes one one presentation in the offer not to What we want to avoid doing is like I said is duplicating, um duplicating benefits with additional deliverables, right?

Because you're adding more stuff you're adding more stuff without adding more value. The power is in the additional value not the additional stuff. The additional value is in a new and different benefit that they get from that deliverable. And the reason why is because during the when I'm talking about the deliverables ultimately right and I talk about this in here ultimately. I want the majority of what I'm saying and talking about to be the benefits.

So right I want I want to Stack benefits. I want benefit after benefit after benefit after benefit. And so if I have you get 24-hour support so that you can get the support you need in the questions that you want and you have a Facebook group so that you can get the support the guidance and right. I'm not stacking value. I'm just stacking stuff.

And so you want a different benefit right for each new deliverable. I'm gonna show you an example of this and then each deliverable should have a benefit driven name or title. This really means that we don't want to use the commodity title the commoditized title for the things that we are including and I'll show you this in just a second. So like look, let's say in an information offer part of what it is that we have. Were videos right?

So videos the benefit to the prospect of videos is learn knowledge Mastery right in what comes from that right? You're gonna learn you're gonna have the knowledge so that you can do XYZ, right? That's videos. What do you think? What's the benefit of worksheets?

Shout it out. worksheets like fill in the blank step by step Getting dumb getting done implementation. I like you said getting done right implementation right? Now. Look if I had these additional if these worksheets if in my mind the worksheets were all about learning knowledge Mastery, then when I present the videos, I present the videos and the worksheets and tie them to that benefit.

I would not present the videos and then present the worksheets because all I'm doing is is adding stuff not adding value. I want to add value. So right so we've got videos learning knowledge Mastery worksheets implementation, right? What about cheat sheets, like right, you know, just like take when you're when you're sitting down to do something just take this out and write. What's the benefit?

Quick quick answers quick problem solving speed knees baby. Right speed knees like right it makes do you know going forward you'll be able to bang this out in minutes, right? And so like videos learning. This is where you're gonna understand every you're gonna understand how to grow a green Lush Lawn so that right your net you never have to be worried about having a banged up lawn, you know, blah blah, you'll get worksheets right that Nick right putting this into actions, you know, simple and direct for you so that in just days you can right on top of that. You also get cheat sheets so that any time going forward right like you want to meet you want to whatever revive your lawn right in your minutes, you can put this into action and you'll see it come to life again.

How about um coaching? What's a benefit? Accountability it's one of them. Okay. Although I don't could be people secretly want accountability, but they don't overtly save it.

That's what they want. But it's more about guidance. Pounds on support support confidence, right like ultimately like remember like and this is you know for what it's worth without going into an educational lesson, right? Like, you know coaching you get support. Well, what's the benefit to me of support?

What do you mean like you'll have confidence knowing that you're taking the right actions that you're gonna get the results right? So even when we say you get coaching so that you get the support. Oftentimes right? Like that's you know, like that's a very superficial high level. If you even want to call it that benefit really saying to somebody you get coaching, right?

So you get support you're almost just restating a feature. You're just using a different word for it. Right? So you get coaching you get support you're really just saying the same thing the benefit to you is that you'll have confidence knowing right. You'll never be worried that you're making mistake.

You'll avoid mistakes you'll you know, you'll be able to like you'll get the results in the shortest period of time like all of those kind of things are benefits and so right. What about Community last one? What's the benefit? belonging Yeah belonging. Belonging camaraderie y'all be cheering section.

Right? Like you'll be motivated make new friends. You'll be around people just like you so you'll feel comfortable. Right? You'll have an outlet to vent.

Right? And so the point is here. What I want you to recognize is this the value of this the value of this slide is the right side. Not the left. It's the right side because that's what I want to talk about.

That's the stuff that I care about. Ultimately I think about the livables and tea in terms of what are the benefits that the prospect needs like. What are the or that wants? Excuse me? What are the the concerns that they could have that like right that that let's say if they have a concern about making mistakes meaning so that they they lack confidence.

Okay, so we should put in we need to put in a deliverable that addresses that and gives them that benefit of confidence we could do coaching we could do Q&amp;A we could do. What is the best you know, what's the best deliverable that we can do that we can excel at that they would see as wildly valuable and they would see as the answer to their need. Does that make sense? That's important. That's wildly valuable when you understand that that the right side is where the value comes in.

The left side should always be dictated by the right side. Not the other way around not the other way around the right, right? So in other words the right side dictates the left side the left side shouldn't dictate the right side. Ultimately. What I want is see, I I look at this and I get excited right because what I see here forget all this people like forget all this what people care about is this that I get to say an implementation right and speed and ease and you're gonna have confidence you're gonna be around friends and cheering section and benefit benefit benefit benefit.

What you don't want to do is you don't want to have right call it five deliverables and you've got two benefits where it's like you get videos so that you learn everything that you you need to and then you get a weekly call so that you can learn the advanced stuff and the advanced methodologies and then you get right you get access to our coaching so that you get support and right if you need additional support you get our Facebook group and that's garbage because what you're doing is you're shifting to this focus of deliverable deliverable deliverable deliverable when it should be the focus on benefit benefit benefit. make sense Yep. Yeah good. Next is straightforward but is right I said is the names of you know, these I don't like it's lazy when we say. And let me take a step back before I say this what we're also talking about here in context is really most applied to front end offers.

So turning cold traffic turning people that don't know you into new buyers, right the back end when you run your business right should be a lot easier right back end campaigns. You've already got the trust you've already got the authority you've already fulfilled on a promise. Right? Like they already know you like you trust you back in campaigns are should be infinitely easier for you to for us to create then our front ends. So front ends, we always like you got to go the distance with every single every single piece.

So right maybe instead of a webinar we call it a quick start implementation session. It's made that up. I have no idea you get the point. You know what I'm saying? Like what you know, like you also get, you know weekly webinar who wants a weekly webinar.

Right, like, you know, you get to jump on a weekly Q&amp;A call. Wow, that sounds exciting. You know what? I mean? That sounds valuable right?

Like no like we get like understand that the name this goes back kind of Michael to what you were saying because it's kind of applies to the bundle to each deliverable to the the guarantee. We have the opportunity to dial in each of these little components to make it. To frame it differently and make it that much more valuable the perception of value of a quick start implementation session is different than a webinar. You get a bunch of videos or you get a set of videos versus you get the easy Mastery Library. Right just about changing the name changing the the frame right like, you know, and and so that's all we're doing here cheats simple get it done bundle.

I don't know. I just, you know back you get the point Q&amp;A call. Maybe it's a Clarity call. Maybe it's a rocket call. I mean who knows like like depending on what somebody is doing on there?

But why you're rather than a Q&amp;A call. Let's call it a Clarity call that has some implied benefit. If you look at all of these, right all of these names on the right, they might this by no means the greatest names that we could come up with but all of them have an implied benefit in there, right? So in the first one webinar, there's quick start. It implies that I'm gonna be able to write I'm gonna be able to shortcut getting going right.

I'm gonna be able to start faster than I would without this right like easy Mastery Library kind of conveys that I will gain Mastery from this right and and easy right get it gone means I'm to be getting stuff done. I'm gonna be producing performing Clarity call. Obviously, I'm gonna gain Clarity on here. And so that's ultimately what we are are looking for. Does that make sense?

You know, okay good. I then went on to explain to them. I walk them through deliverable feature. I then went through benefits. I went through the the different types.

I don't know if you were on there. Were you on there Michael when I gave you a little nod pay the fee. Yeah, I did. Okay. So pay the fee.

I like it. I went you know, I went through this with them. And then I gave them an example. That's what this was all about. You know, I gave this example of your you know, we we own a hotel and part of State, you know, if you hold if you host a conference with us part of your bundle that you get is, you know, you get a complimentary massage, um session and then I went through this whole, you know, like I broke this down into deliverable future why and then I went into the the benefits and then I showed them the the complete thing, right?

And so and you guys are great at this and then I went through um bonuses and this is all so pretty straightforward. So we don't have to spend a whole lot of time here on this. Um, I said, right like with bonuses right number one, you know, I said that I approach bonuses. I try to approach bonuses the same way that I approach the core product and that I'm ultimately looking to develop create use bonuses that in and of themselves are wildly attractive for folks. So in other words, like ultimately in an ideal Universe any one of the bonuses is valuable enough Somebody to respond to the offer that's that's kind of the ultimate aim, right that any one of the bonuses are so good.

So juicy that I'm willing to respond to the offer just to get the to get the the bonuses and so I've told the story before of how Brian Kurtz sent me. Um, what's Brian's new book over the liver. So Brian sent me an early copy of over deliver to give him a testimonial right? So I got the book before it was published and I went through the book. Early on before was published.

Then of course Brian came out with an amazing offer for the book if you bought the book you got like Thousand dollars worth of these bonuses from like J Abraham and you know closed-door meeting with Eugene Schwartz and whatnot. And so what did I do? I bought it again just to get the bonuses. And so that's ultimately right the the aim that we're like we want bonuses that are so good that even one of them like people somebody would respond to the offer for one of them. But ultimately, you know, we're using bonuses to fill in product gaps or overcome reasons for people reasons that people could have for not buying we want our bonuses to have benefit driven names titles.

Well, we want to explain why we're including the bonus like, you know, the like meaning like the, you know, the the value of this for you is and of course ultimately these two bullets are are really we want to sell these just as hard as the product like the main product quote sell like we want to Market these we want to present these with the same level of commitment that we're presenting the core product. So I'm still gonna do like I'm still gonna present full-blown benefits. I'm still gonna layer it on. I'm not treating it in my mind right again. I don't say well the bonuses are not as important as the core product see that mentality when you say the bonuses aren't as important as the core product that mentality is stemming from thinking that the product is the offer.

Right. The product isn't the product is One Piece One Piece of the the offer as is the bonuses and I'm not gonna put priority over one over the other they are both equal participants in producing the conversion as part of the offer and so right And then we talked about multiples better than single. I like to go with um, two to three. I talked to them about the difference between a hard offer and a soft offer and I explained to them that the soft offer is always always outpoles a hard offer. I want I want to share something with you guys here.

I want you to understand something that so right soft offer the purest form of a soft offers pay nothing today. There are two reasons. Why most marketers do not use a soft offer. The first one I said to everybody I can't do anything about the second one is just a misunderstanding. The first one that I can't do anything about is most marketers are afraid to use a soft offer because they're product is their product doesn't fulfill on the promises that they made in other words.

They over promise what the product will deliver and so they're afraid that if I give a soft offer and I promise the world and people get you know, a patch of grass. Well, then they're they're obviously not going to pay and they're gonna be disappointed right meaning that The product under fulfills on the Promises now that could be an issue with that could be an issue of over promising. It could also be an issue of just a garbage product right or a sub-par product or a product that was thrown together, uh and not really up to par. That is what it is. You either got to change you either got a reduce your promises or you really the better thing to do is to work on improving the the product.

There's no quick fix to that. But the other reason why people tend to shy away from a soft offer is because they want the money now right like another words. How do you use a soft offer at scale? Well, the reality is what most people don't understand because they don't really understand the math. They don't understand the economics.

Is that a soft offer is more scalable today than it's ever been even though most of the legends of direct response guys like Gary Halbert and Gene Schwartz built businesses almost exclusively off of the back of soft offers. A soft offer is even more scalable today than it was back then and the reason why like we didn't soft offers like when I first started online, there was no one click upsell technology. So when we when we we had a we upsold somebody into something we had to get their credit card again and send them back to another order form. What a cluster like a freaking nightmare right today people don't even realize how simple they they have it like how simple how how this technology has changed the game. And so um, so the thing to understand is is this and I spend time going through this math with everybody to really drill this into them because I want us to move as many people as possible to at least test a soft offer when they meet the right criteria, which we'll talk about.

So the thing to understand is this that soft offers out pull hard offers by a significant multiple right more often than not I don't want to use the word always but I'm gonna say that, you know, call it night 90% of the time a soft offer will outpole a hard offer by multiples in some case in some cases. It could be three x right. So I want you to what what I want you to understand is is this with a heart offer. Let's say that we are We're selling a let's say that so let's say we invest a thousand dollars in paid traffic now regardless of whether we have a soft offer or hard offer right that that thousand dollars on ad spend is the thousand dollars. In other words.

The thousand dollars isn't change in other words, whether we go from a hard offer to a soft offer. It doesn't change the investment that we've made into the traffic, right? So we invest a thousand dollars whether we're sending them to a heart off or whether they're sending them to a soft offer. It's a thousand dollars right thousand dollars is a thousand dollars. now Now let's say that we've got a hard offer and we convert a hard offer is pay now right is pay now is the traditional offer.

Right? Like you want this product. It's you know, it's a hundred bucks. You get it take it home at you. Enjoy it then maybe if you don't like it bring it back in 30 days and you get your money back, right if there's a risk reversal that's a hard offer soft offer.

Like I said at the pier the purest form of the soft offer is paying nothing today. Take it home. Enjoy use it and only if you're thrilled in 30 days, will you pay the hundred and fifty bucks or whatever? So let's say on us on a hard offer. You have a 3% conversion, right?

So you invest a thousand bucks and you right let's say on that thousand dollars of $1,000. Let's say just to keep the math real simple. We generate a hundred visitors that that is the same for both hard and soft does not matter none. The offer type does not change these numbers right thousand dollars an ad spend hundred visitors. We convert 3% with the hard offer into buyers.

So, let's see how quick you guys can do math. So we spent a thousand dollars three percent of sales conversion. We got three buyers. What is the CPA? cost per acquisition the cost to acquire a buyer 333 well done Paul well done.

um I always hate doing math on these on live trainings like real live trainings because most of the time I'm like somebody do this for me. Um, but you're right that's an easy one 333 dollars and we've acquired three buyers right now. Let's say hypothetically that we are selling, you know, we could be selling something for um, you know, a hundred bucks and I'm we're just right. We're just making up these numbers right now just for simple math. So we generated $300 now from those buyers, right?

We spend 330 we spent we generated 300 total right? We spent a thousand to get them. We we had a CPA a cost per acquisition of 333 now on the soft offer. You could um legitimately see a a nine percent sales conversion rate. It's not unheard of by any stretch of the imagination to to you know to see that kind of jump that kind of difference between the between the two.

So now we have nine sales, right? We have a nine percent conversion on a hundred people. We have nine sales. We spent the same thousand dollars the very first thing that I want you to look at is what did we just do to the CPA? We just got Michael.

We just reduced it. Yeah, he reduced it. Not just reduced it. Right we reduced it by someone three times. Right?

Like we we cut it down to a third. So we took a 333 right CPA and we cut it down to 111. Right something like that, right 111 dollars and so now right we took a CPA from you know from from Thief 333 down to one 11. Well now the beauty is right, but we also we also multiple we also went from three buyers to nine buyers now three buyers to nine buyers doesn't look like much but if you do that at scale that's a tremendous difference in in growth rate. Well, the beauty is now we've got nine buyers that we can put into into an upsell sequence a transaction maximization sequence.

We only need to get each fire to 111 dollars of value on the other side on the heart offer side. We need to get them to a 333 value total, right? We need for those people on the left on the left side. Even if we collected $100 each and there was a $33 dollar. Um CPA that means there's 233 that we need to make up with the upsell the second upsell the down cell on the soft offer side.

There's only a hundred eleven that we need to make up on the upsell the down cell the bump and we got three times the amount of customers, right and we got three times the amount of customers and so it's a wildly different game than what most people realize they're terrified, you know, excuse me to do it when it when thinking about the math because they think like I need the money today, but the reality is is that and this is what I want you guys to really understand. I was honest with everybody yesterday is that you just look at the the soft offer as just getting the buyer and the credit card on file. That's it. Get the buyer and the credit card on file then we have the ability to you know to bomb. Upsell down cell and of course not to mention the back end.

Now we have three times the amount of people going into our back end with the soft offer. Then the then the hard offer I'm sharing all this with you because I pushed I pushed the value of a of a of a soft offer. I've tried I've been pushing our team to do many more, um soft offers as well because they work like gangbusters and with the technology that we we long had right? You still have the ability to monetize you make it much easier for people to say. Yes, the other thing to understand is that Terms are a significantly greater needle mover than is price.

So terms adjusting terms is a significantly greater needle mover than price point. So in other words, right like the the terms are how and when payment is made in other words, right? Like today what people people think in terms of payments and when rather than totals we live especially in the states. We live in a payment oriented oriented society. And so rather than go from like you're talking a hundred rather than going from a hundred to 90 go from a hundred to three payments of 35.

Right rather than changing the price and you could change the terms and often you can change the terms and increase the price. Does that make sense? Yeah often right like often a this is why like look better terms right better term you could have better terms and worse price and do well, right. So even on that on the grill right on the grill, um, On the grill thing, right? We could have had a you know, we could have had you know, six payments of whatever.

Six payments of 700 right? Um that meaning like our total price was more than our competitor. But because our terms were better we make it more attractive. Does that you understand that yeah, yeah, okay. And then I said a soft offer will be too hard offer every time.

Let me see here. I also went through the value of I went through different risk reversals. I explained right that I explained the value of adding a conditional guarantee. On top of unconditional Senator bare minimum, right? I would I would always offer an unconditional right if you the smart way and we'll talk about this in just a second is to add an a conditional component to the unconditional.

So you almost have a double guarantee, right? So you got you know, you got like two parts that guarantee. It's like part one, right if for any reason or no reason whatsoever over the next 30 days, you're not however heels thrilled with the results and you know, just shoot us one email and you get all your money back. No questions asked no hassles. No Shenanigans part two and then I would go into conditional.

So the only the only Rich risk reversal type that I would have alone would be unconditional. I would never have conditional Alone, um on the front end, I would always have unconditional and conditional the thing with conditional that I want you to really understand. This is one of those little secret. For lack of a better phrase kind of secret sauce is if you will the the conditional guarantees can be wildly powerful because they when they're when they're best used or used use properly. They can be a performance-based guarantee so it can be where like You know.

Like it could be like you're you know your grass. Uh, let me see. Let me tell you what we did for E5 E5 masterclass. We actually did this during a live launch. So you want to talk about you know, you want to talk about overcoming some stress overcoming some fears putting yourself on the line stepping out during a live launch, which so it's been years ago.

We did a there was an unconditional 30 day money back guarantee. It might have been even back then in 90 day on conditional 90 day, but it was an unconditional typical guarantee. And then we had this conditional component which was a conditional component means that right. It's bait you qualify based on meeting certain conditions as long as you do certain things or meet certain conditions you qualify for the guarantee and it's best use when it's tied to a performance-based outcome. So we said something like right And you know and something like an over the next um over the next six months you or I don't remember the time frame over the next six months 90 days.

Maybe uh, you either generate an additional $4,000. In new sales from your E5 campaign or we'll give you your money back plus a thousand bucks. Right? All you need to do is and then we have like three criteria and the three criteria. We're not you know, like climb, you know Mount Everest, you know, nothing like that.

It was it was like all you need to do is go through the videos right attend each of the you know, coaching calls live, um, and you know, and you know show us that you launched your, you know, your campaign within the next whatever 45 days on that's it, right? And so ultimately what we were trying to do was A big part of this is we were trying to get them to comply and follow through with the program, right? We were trying to get them to the block. I didn't set the conditions to make it brutally difficult for somebody to meet them. I said the conditions based on what I ultimately wanted them to do to increase the likelihood of their success, but what this allowed me to do was to put out a big bold audacious guarantee that you either get an additional $4,000 in sales far more than enough to pay for this entire program in the next 60 days or I'm not only going to give you your money back.

I'm gonna give you an additional thousand dollars. So it became this performance-based money back plus right? It was this Performance Based money back plus guarantee and you do that based on conditions. They've got to follow through they've got to execute right just like even with this offer there was conditions to there was a conditional money back guarantee on this offer for people. And so talk about a true risk reversal.

See the reality is this On the without believering this and going too deep on this. The reality is like an unconditional guarantee is not risk reversal, right? It's not really risk reversal because you're not really reversing the risk the term risk reversal really, you know comes from this idea of taking the risk off the Prospect and putting it on yourself. Well if I'm selling a digital product and and somebody's got a 30 day money back guarantee. I'm not reversing the risk at all because I'm not risking anything right me as the seller of the of the digital information product.

They pay me I get their money. They now all the risk is really on them. And so I'm not really reversing the risk, but when you add any conditional component, especially if you do a money back plus now, you've truly reverse the risk because ultimately and not offer when I said you get an additional $4,000 in new sales in the next 90 days, um, or I'm not only gonna give you your money back. I'm gonna give you back an extra thousand dollars. All you need to do is is show me that you've done x y and And z and you qualify.

Well now the reality is is that the prospect can't lose from a fight from a financial perspective because they either get the $4,000 or they get an additional thousand one or the other there's only one a few options assuming that they follow through on the conditions. They can't lose so on now at risk I'm at risk of this price. If this thing doesn't perform the way that I just said I'm at risk of having to pay them a thousand bucks. Right and so you have to understand that a adding in a conditional component to the guarantee. It has a monster impact on sales conversion not you know largely because of the psychological impact and this is conjecture, you know or speculation.

Largely because of the psychological impact that it has on a prospect right because it increases belief and confidence because only an idiot would offer a guarantee like that if their product wasn't what they said it was right in so like how do you go wrong? You look at that and you say to yourself. How do you go wrong with it? Unless I'm just not willing to follow through right as as a consumer. If I'm not willing to follow through.

Well, then the reality is it doesn't matter what the offer is. I'm not gonna buy because I'm not willing to follow through but if I'm willing to follow through and I have and and I'm being offered an attractive solution and I'm being offered a great guarantee with a performance space result and Excuse me money back plus where I can't lose. I either get the $4,000 or I get my money back plus a thousand bucks. It becomes an easy. Yes.

Do you guys see that? Yeah, that is wildly powerful when you when you recognize that right now before we even continue and I'm gonna start to pick things up a bit because I'm of course, of course, I'm behind. But um, you can start to see already from the things that we covered right? When you start to combine, you know these pieces into one when you start with that attractive solution when you have the right deliverables when you're stacking those benefits When the deliverables have the name when you've chosen the bonuses the right way based on gaps or concerns when you've name them the right way when you've presented them with the same, you know stack of a benefits in there right when you when you've got extremely appealing terms, even if it's a payment plan right or even if it's a dollar today and then right like but when you have extremely attractive terms and then you have this, you know, you have this risk reversal proposition and you've got unconditional plus conditional you are literally just making it so brain dead simple for people to say yes to this. You're making it easier for them to say yes than to say.

No. And so does that you see that right? And so okay. And so then we talked a little bit about languaging, you know for risk reversal, you know propositions and I just want to point out the bottom one. So try it before you decide.

So what most people think right is. Well, I got a 30 day money back guarantee. And so let me just call it a 30 day money back guarantee because that's what it is. Well if everybody else if you're the only one that's offering a guarantee and you have a 30-day guarantee cool, right that pops but if everybody else is also offering a 30-day guarantee and you too are offering a 30 day guarantee and you're either not willing to change that to something more because of your Merchant provider or right you're just not willing you you're not able to do it or you're not willing to do it and you have to go with a 30 day money back guarantee. Well, at least let's change the frame of the guarantee.

And so what you'll notice here is that this is a try it before you decide. It doesn't say try it before you buy it. It says It before you decide, right so a try it before you buy it would be a soft offer, but I could have a try it before you decide, um guarantee with a hard offer because right what I can say is and I do this often if you pay attention to any of the copy that I do I always say you don't even have to say yes today just say maybe grab this bad boy put it to the test over the next 30 days see for yourself and then decide you're either Head Over Heels thrilled with what's what this thing does for you or let us know and you'll get your money back right like in other words. So what up, what I'm doing is I'm taking that 30-day guarantee and instead of presenting it as just this 30 day guarantee the standard thing. I'm presenting this as a try it before you decide guarantee different frame different perception.

Right shifting. Um, and now I'm saying you don't even have to decide today. Right? Like ultimately what are we saying decide about what decide if you want to keep it you got to make the decision you got to get it right? And so I'll write you know, try it before you decide grab your copy today or grab out get your access to this to set today, right and then enjoy it for the next 30 days and you're either Blown Away Head Over Heels thrilled right enamored with what this thing has done for you or send one email and you'll get all your money back.

No questions. No hassles no Hoops to jump through. Right like that's see how so it's important that we don't just all right. You got a 60-day guarantee. Is there a better way is there a different positioning that we can use?

You know for this can we even give it a name? You know, like can you give it a a performance name? Even the reality is even if it's even if it's just an unconditional guarantee like, you know, 30 days, you know 30 days to success money back guarantee 30 days of you know, 30 days of boosted sales guarantee and then it could just be in a typical right if for any reason or no reason whatsoever over the next 30 days, you're not thrilled with how many more sales you're generating from this new script and blah you're not overcoming objections. Like, you know, like the Wolf of Wall Street and closing deals right and left send one email and we'll let you you know, we'll send you your money back got it name. Okay.

Next what I talk to them about was like just basically this, you know, I'm cool name, you know, we're To get as close to risk free as possible in the prospect's eyes and use the biggest boldest guarantee possible. Like go with the bigger the Bolder the better the bigger the Bolder the better. Now I do want to show you I want to fast forward here because we're coming to the tail. Um, and but I want to show you this and so this is specific to risk reversal the languaging. Um, and you've heard me repeat or you've heard me say give examples of risk reversal propositions, right?

You're either Head Over Heels thrilled with your you know, Blown Away by you're either enamor, you're either, you know, totally overwhelmed with all the money that you're making from your new side business or send one email and you get your money back. Well, you want to present the bet the the risk reversal the guarantee with with a positive spin with a benefit. You want to keep the eye on the benefit. You don't want to go negative which is what the majority of guarantees. Um, look like they look like this if you're unhappy or don't get results you get your money back.

Why in the world during the during the Those during the call to action during the presentation of this thing. Do I want to start talking about if you're unhappy and don't get results, right? Like if your business doesn't grow if you don't see any more sales, if you're just disgusted with your new marketing campaign, let us know and you'll get like why would I even want to go there with that? I remember and I told this this little snippet yesterday. I saw this commercial.

I cannot remember for the life of me what this thing was for and I'm probably banging this up and so half of this is probably not accurate, but I saw this commercial for this thing. It was like this this blow up toy or something like that that kids could play with in the backyard and it was like they presented it as like this unpoppable unburstable thing. I remember what this is, uh might have even been an exercise. I don't remember anyway, of course in typical kind of direct response fashion, they did a dramatic demonstration and so like they showed like here's a car rolling over this day. Here's like an elephant stepping on it.

I think they did in the in the commercial and Does not burst this thing is virtually unpoppable unburstable. That's what they said. Right and then they proceeded to say in the very next breath. Literally in the very next breath and if it does pop right, we'll replace it for free. I was like why you even saying that you just said that it was virtually unpoppable is it virtually on is like is it unpoppable or is it like, you know, they can me just totally like I was just like, you know, if you say like you are guaranteed to see XYZ results and if you don't see those results like So I keep it on the positive.

So not if you're unhappy or don't get results you get your money back, but you're either thrilled and Blown Away by the results or you get your money back. Right? And so you can keep it focused on the benefits and usually I like to weave in the benefits. So not just your thrilled but you're either thrilled with how much weight you've lost with how much thinner your your you know, your your waist is which how you know, how much more your abs are popping or you get your money back. So it's an opportunity for me in the risk reversal not only to alleviate some of that Financial Risk from them or potentially reverse it but to weave in benefits again to bring those benefits up remember the benefits the outcome the result that's why people buy I want as many opportunities as possible to um to talk about that and so, um really important couple of other things and then we will be we're gonna go over to the other document.

I'm gonna show you the simple flow. Of this bad boy. I did show them the the simple segue going from marketing argument or the body into the offer presentation. I then explained to them that the product presentation like it's deliverable future why benefit proof do it over like you got five deliverable or you got three deliverables? You're gonna you're gonna do this three times right like three times.

I went over Focus 80% on benefits. Then I went into the price presentation, which we've talked about and covered before Oh, this is important. So one of the things that is important is if somebody is presenting a payment plan and a paid in full at the same time. At the same time so if they've got a sales letter or vsl, whatever and they're presenting a paid in full and payment plan at the same time. Uh, what they what you want to do is you want to frame the number one.

What you want to do is you want to make the payment plan the total of the payment plan more money than the paid in full. If you're not presenting the payment plan if they're not presenting the payment plan at the same time and they're presenting the payment plan later. Then you can make the total of payment plan the same if you wanted as the paid in full, but when you're presenting the payment plan at the same time as the paid in full at a bare minimum, you should make the payment plan total more money than the Then the Paid in Full. The reason is if the total amount of money is the same between both you're gonna drive people to the payment plan because there's no reason to part with the paid in full amount if there's no savings or no benefit now look you could you know, you could prop up the paid in full by giving them additional bonuses, right? But I think that it makes the offer presenting the offer that much more complex and so at a bare minimum, what I would just do is I would make the payment plan total more money than the paid in full once you've got that as a foundation then what you want to do is you want to present the payment plan first followed by the paid in full so that you can present the the price with the paid in full as a discount rather than the other way around.

So rather than saying you you're right. It's a thousand bucks or you can make four installments of 299. Right? So now in this context psychologically right, you can see that if you want to make it. You want to do the payment plan?

There's a penalty there's a penalty for you to do the payment plan right that you are going to pay an extra whatever. It is $200. If you do the payment plan, right so I would do it. It's $2.99 today. It's only 299 today with you know, three monthly installments or you can save $196 bucks today with just one payment of only a thousand dollars.

So now this is a reward this is a discount, right? So it's ultimately what we're saying is right if you really look at it is the product is 1200 bucks, right you could you the product is 1200 bucks. You can get it today for right? It's just 299 today and then three monthly installments of of 299 or right if you're willing to make one payment you could get a discount of 196 box. That's really the way that this is being presented.

This looks like it's a thousand dollar product and now they're getting a penalty for taking the payment plan. This is it's really a 1200 dollar product that I pay off with payments or I can get a discount and save a reward with one payment. As well, you'll notice the word installments. Like I try to use the word installments. I don't when I when you know, sometimes I'll use it when referring to the one one installment today, but it's almost a weird.

So I usually just when I'm talking about one I say payment, but when talking about the monthly I'll talk about installments. Do you? I did give a what I said was that, you know, obviously a reason to respond. Now the big thing for most people right? I talked about the difference between urgency and scarcity and I said that not everybody can have scarcity but everybody can ever urgency because every offer should have a deadline, right the reality is that I believe today more so than ever before that a deadline is a critical conversion tool if there's no reason for people to respond now, right if like if you don't give people a reason to respond then what you're doing is you're ultimately giving them a reason to delay and if you give them a reason to delay or right delay is the death of the sale and so like the a deadline at a bare minimum if you have scarcity if you have limited quantities, okay, cool.

You don't you don't need a deadline because you do have a reason to respond, but most people if they're if they want and Evergreen campaign, they're really not going to be able to truthfully leverage scarcity. And so I would Leverage urg Through a deadline and they can use something like deadline funnel for Evergreen campaigns to always have a deadline like right so that everybody gets the same if it's a four day deadline. Or whatever it is. Everybody gets the same deadline with deadline funnel. And so does everybody is everybody someone familiar with deadline funnel?

Yeah. Okay. Good. Okay, okay. so Any questions about anything that I covered here?

I think that will be rather easy for us to go through the the document for you guys of how to proceed the flow. But any questions about what I covered So far, no, okay. I love it. Good. No, I I think I think if anything I'll probably get.

questions about the Your level two soft offers, you know where? You know how they can how they can actually have. A soft offer even though they're afraid of it, you know and how that works. Exactly and what do you providers? Well like I I anticipate I might get some tech questions about that.

Like who do I was? Yeah. So here's the thing, right? So this is like look, this is the way even I will answer Tech questions similar to what it is that I'm about to show you. So right like I I I'm not a tech guy, you know, I used to be when I was right Hands-On.

And so the reality is is that right? Like look it can be done what right it's certainly can be done. There are a variety of ways to get it done. I can certainly pose your question to our chief technology officer for you. But more importantly is to understand this that you never allow Tech to dictate your marketing your marketing always dictates to your Tech.

And so what that means is right when people say like, you know, like I use, you know, I use MailChimp, so I can't segment. Well then stop using MailChimp. Right, like don't you don't build your marketing around your Tech you build your you don't build your marketing around your Tech. You build your Tech around your marketing and so right because like if you believe that segmenting would make you more money than already. There's a justification for switching from MailChimp to to something else.

I always tell people like if you are allowing your Tech to dictate your marketing, all you're doing is just putting an artificial constraint in there. If you know that you'd get better results. Let's say by switching from mailchim to infusion soft or something like that. Then you're foolish. If you don't do it, right it assuming that you believe that and so the reality is is that they may be with a merchant, um provider who or a shopping cart system that doesn't allow for a soft offer right?

I would tell them then switch. Like there's no no need to have a a fancy, you know, no need to have a fancy answer like, you know, I would say to them. I'll certainly confirm with our CTO if it's possible with Thrive card or with this or with Sam card, you know blah blah, but worst case scenario. If it's not what I would encourage you to do is switch. The reason why that we live by and teach the philosophy of your your tax should not dictate your marketing your marketing should always dictate your Tech you look at what it is that you want to do and what you want to execute and you find the tools to do that, right?

You don't determine what you do based on the tools that you already have. And so does that make sense? Is that helpful at least? Yeah, thanks. Okay, you got it.

Um and odds are like look odds are weird, you know odds are questions that we haven't even anticipated are gonna are gonna come in. That's cool. That's like it'll be a learning experience for all of us like that's cool. And you know, if anything like look the beauty is just like Michael what you've done with E5 it'll it will um, it will give us the ability to improve this and you know and see if this is something that we want to do going forward permanently. Right right.

Now, this is almost a little bit of a test to see how efficiently we can lead somebody to the right offer to a better offer. The promise was not the promise was not like we're gonna you know, triple your sales conversion rate. It was just we're gonna beat your current sales conversion rate. That's it. Right, that's it.

We're just gonna be so the aim there was to try to attract people that already had something. Right. They already have something, hence. We said it's gonna beat your your thing. And the reality is is that with just a handful of changes.

I believe that we can beat their sales conversion rate, right? And so would not without redoing the the whole thing. And so let me bring up this document. Let me do this. and I could put this into into like a Google docs for you guys, but I just did it in this little app WorkFlowy for now.

See if I could make this bigger. Yeah. that um, so let's just go through this. So right this is the this is the flow. This is like, you know, so when I would get to the and there's a couple of additional things that I put in here for you guys, but when I would get to the offer creation, you know offer optimization part of those intensives, this was pretty much the flow the order that that I would follow with some additional things for you guys for this program.

So, um number one, I would just explain to them how the sessions gonna go right? I would let them know that I'm gonna add you're gonna ask them a handful of questions. You're gonna rely significantly on their examination of prospects and competitors Because by the way what I what I had them do Is at the end I gave them, you know prep for your creation session and it was be prepared to explain your target audience the problem. You're solving. What's your solution is and how your solution works and then I had them complete the the worksheets.

I told them to complete the worksheets the worksheet you can see they got this like construction bundle with links in it. And so which I'll send you guys this and so there is you know, like There's this document. Which is all about prospects and competitors and then there is this document. Which is right. What's the name of your product mean promise of result deliverables or you considering like right it's basically fleshing out the the deliverables and so let's just go through this.

Let's do this quickly. Right? So rely significantly on there you let them know I'm gonna relies and that it's important that they be as pithy as possible with their answers. So you're basically setting the context setting the frame for the call like hey excited to have you on here. Let me tell you how the call is gonna go.

Number one. I'm gonna ask you a handful of questions and I'm gonna rely significantly on the examination that uh, Todd, um, you know told you to do or how'd you do for your your prospects and your competitors? It's really important that you be as kind of tight and puffy with your with your answers so that we can be as a fishing and effective as possible in our time. Then what I would do is I would review there. Um, I would review their worksheet.

This should actually be Examination worksheets and so you could have them bring those up for you and then I would have them to describe I would say in two minutes or less describe for me your target audience the problem that you're solving for the audience what your solution is the result that your solution produces and how your solution works and so I want you to try to do it. I would say I want you to try to do it in two minutes or less. So just tell me right like who your target audience is, right? Like we serve you know, you know over, you know, middle-aged housewives with you know spare time. Well, what's the problem that right that there's that that they're dealing with that you solve right?

And so what we're really basically doing here is we're just getting some foundational information, um that that we that we need and then have them share what their current proposition um components are so this is basically share with me what your current offer is is really what I'm saying here tell me what the current offer is now from The from there and you could stop me at any time and Michael you're the you're the you know, you're the teacher and the the education wizard in the group on the team, not me. And so you stopped me at any point or or we can go back after and and go through anything. So the what I would do is after that I would I would say great. Thank you for sharing that helpful. The very first thing that I want to do with you is I want to talk a little bit about your solution, right?

You heard Todd talk about the the importance of an attractive solution. And so tell me how confident are you that you currently have an attractive solution based on the criteria that Todd shared during the accelerated intensive. And so and so right and for your knowledge, this is the this is the criteria that I shared which we talked about earlier. Now if they say, um, not very confident then this is where right like this is where we got to have a little conversation. Why tell me what part let's talk a little bit about the criteria and you tell me which part you feel is is lacking the game here right is to just the opportunity here is really to just see if there's an opportunity for us to help them improve fix tweak.

Um, the the how attractive the solution is. The thing that I don't want you to do is get caught in the weeds here for 30 minutes talking about their on their solution because the reality is is that there's not a whole lot that you're gonna be able to do on this call in terms of their solution. And so the reality is if I would just ask them if they say yeah, I'm pretty confident or you know, not really sure. Are they say I'm not really sure I might say like is there one specific criteria that you you think you're a little weekend? Like let's see if we can take just a few minutes to cover this to see if there's an opportunity to make your solution that much more attractive and so all I'm doing if they say like, you know, it's you know, it's it doesn't produce fast results.

Right? Like it doesn't produce fast results. I might say, well, you know, what what's the speed at which results that they talk about like that your solution produces. Oh it takes six months. When does it begin working?

Right how quickly can they start to see results right three days. That's what you should be talking about rather than blah blah. And so you can just help them to see The opportunity there. Then we're gonna go on to the meet and the bones right? And so for me when I was when I would do the do these intensives in West Palm before I even got to the offer a big chunk of what it is that we were doing was actually this solution engineering unique mechanism engineering all that.

So this was kind of covered for me and what it is that we were doing then uh, we're gonna go into engineering the proposition the and so you overall product positioning confirm that the product has a benefit oriented name review the deliverables confirm that each deliverable provides a different benefit. We want to reduce or eliminate overlap confirm that each deliverable as a compelling name title. We want to craft a deliverable feature. Why statement for each each deliverable we want to make sure that they're clear on the functional, you know, the the fee that they need to pay then I'm gonna do I'm gonna go on to the bonuses and I'm gonna really virtually just do the same thing. God Michael the fee of just to see okay.

I like it. I'm gonna start you're gonna become famous for the Fig. Review the bonuses. I want to make sure that they've got right the idea is you know, let's just call it is two to three is I kind of you know, and again this you guys have to have the you know, you have the knowledge you have the experience to kind of know like um A if you know let's say somebody's got an excessive amount of bonuses. We're gonna trim it down confirm that he's bonus is being used to address a product Gap or buying concern right?

Like this is kind of like what you know, what made you offer this bonus? What made you offer this bonus? Why do you feel that? This is compelling? Why do you feel that?

This is compelling and if you do you feel that there is a more compelling idea for a bonus. If so, share it like if you from you know, your expertise feel like man, you know, you should do a transcript of you know, a secret conversation that you had with blah blah then share that but at a bare minimum we want to make sure that each bonus is used to address a product app or concern that each bonus has a compelling name or title. And then the same thing this is all about when this this craft and craft over here. This is about the presentation. It's just important that you make sure that they are presenting the benefits that they are laying out.

Here's what you get and here's why this is Bull and here's why I included and here's why that what this is going to do for you. It's going to do this this this and this right and you get this right called XYZ, right? And here's why this is so valuable for you and here's what it's going to do for you. And so it's just making sure that with the deliverables and with the bonuses that you're just laying it out like you're helping them to you know to To get it out. Then the the price confirm that the price isn't out of this world for the market.

So this one is gonna require a little bit. I don't think that you're gonna see much of this but every now and then somebody would say like, you know, somebody I would get this or sometimes I see this question gets asked on Facebook like somebody will ask me like, you know, I'm selling to Whatever I'm selling a college kids and it's like, you know, it's a $4,000, you know, it's a four thousand dollar home study program and I'm like you're out here freaking mind. Like, you know what I mean? Like you're out of your mind if you think that a college kid's gonna pay even remotely close to that. And so you just want to make sure that it's not it's not out of this world high and then it's not also out of this world low, so I had somebody the other day who was selling who asked on Facebook He was selling a I think a fit a program for Fitness professionals and it was a business growth, um, you know a business growth training.

So how to grow their business and he was asking me if 97 is considered high ticket mid-tier or low, right? So if you were to think that 97 if you were to say, I you know, like I'm gonna make I'm making, you know, I've got a full-blown coaching program on Business Development and it's 97 dollars. That's what I would call and out of this world price point for the market and the and the offer we also want to make sure and this is where this is a little bit intuitive that the proposition the price point that they've chosen um is is it feels adequate based on the value for the deliverables? So in this context, I'm not talking about the value of the the benefits or the value of the whole offer in this context. I'm talking about are they charging a price that is reasonable for the deliverables that Giving like another words.

Are they selling a downloadable PDF for 398 bucks right while J Abraham, you know pulled that off, right? The average person is going to be able to pull that off. So is the price point, you know commensurate to the value of the deliverables. You also just want to confirm just for them. And this is in the client's best interest that the funnel model that they're using is appropriate for the price point.

So let's say they said to you I'm selling. You know, I'm selling this for 49 bucks and I'm using a live webinar. Well, like right you don't need a live webinar to sell a forty nine dollar product or you know, I'm selling a $5,000 product and I'm doing it in a short form sales letter like mmm. Probably not the smartest move to do probably not the smartest model to use and then we want to just see if there's any kind of price positioning is this a charter offer. Is this an exclusive offer is this a one-time offer is this, you know a combination we didn't really get a chance to talk about this but we but this is certainly stuff covered in E5.

But so that's the price right not out of the world that the value proposition for deliverables a sound that the funnel model that they're using is a okay. And what is the price the positioning and then we want to review the Over here, I would push for the most favorable terms possible based on client will in it willingness. So the reality is is that right is that ideal is a pure soft offer explain to them. Of course that this requires a solid upsell downsell bump off or sequence. If they don't want to go negative like my point here in this little section is just in an Ideal World, I'd I'd move people to go with a soft offer because they will convert more they will get more buyers as long as they have and an upsell a down cell, you know a bump off or at least a bump offer and and one upsell is where I would begin with somebody that has with the soft offer if they don't have an upsell.

They only have one product and they can't go with a soft offer. And so does that make sense? Yep, and then I would and then we go into risk reversal. I'd confirm that there's an unconditional guarantee. Can we make it Bolder meaning are they using a 14-day guarantee?

And there's no reason why we can't make it 30 or 60 or 90. The reality is the longer the guarantee the lower the refund rate. I know it sounds strange but it's out of sight out of mind the longer the guarantee the lower the refund rate the short of the guarantee the higher the refund rate. So while they think that they're you know, 14-day guarantee, they're reducing risk, they're actually increasing refunds. And so go 60 90 because then people, you know, no one's marketing it on their calendar, right but 14 days 10 days one week guarantee.

They're putting it on their calendar. And so um, can we make it Bolder confirm that the positioning and language is good. Like is there anything that we can do are they saying 30 day money back guarantee when we can make it a you know, try it before you decide it guarantee. And then are they willing to add a Performance Based conditional guarantee? I would say, excuse me.

That this is a this right here is a needle mover. And this is as I said, what is a needle mover these two are definitely big big needle movers over here. What was I gonna say and then step seven a reason to respond now confirm that there is a deadline on the offer confirm. There's a reason given for the deadline and look for an opportunity to bring in scarcity if possible. If possible ideal is both urgency and scarcity and then just review the call Action make sure that they have a clear and compelling call to action.

I wouldn't over like this is one of the least like I wouldn't stress on this just make sure that it's Crystal Clear that there's a clear and compelling call to action for somebody to respond. And so this is the process. questions Yeah, I have a question Todd so on. So this is a 45 minute call on average that we're doing with them. Right?

So what happens if they show up and it's a complete disaster meaning like they didn't prepare. Or they did it completely wrong. I would tell them you got to go back this for I would say like, you know, if you were the client, I would say Paul. Let me stop let's I want to stop us right now because based on what it is that you you did. Maybe we miss the mark in terms of the way that we explain this to you the way that this needs to be done.

Unfortunately. This isn't done as thoroughly or as correctly as we really need it and it would be unfair to you for us to proceed today based on the work that um that you've done here is what it is that I am suggesting for you so that we can nail your offer and that is go back. Let's end the call right now go back. I want you to go through the right way. I'll explain for you and just a minute what the right way is but I want you to go back go through do it the right way be prepared and then schedule a different time for us to jump on and then we'll be able to bang this out.

Does that sound fair? Cool. Yep, like that's it man. Just you know, like when when it's in the client's best interest and I wouldn't be surprised if people show up like, you know, like if somebody shows up and they didn't do any of the examination I would say to them. I would say to them look before we get started.

Let me you know, I need to share something with you that I think you really need to listen to the the outcome of this call is very much based on the work and time that you put into the examination and I don't think that it would be a wise move for us to continue with this call right now based on what it is that you've you've done. We certainly can if you're really adamant about it. It's not what I would recommend instead. What I would recommend for you is Right and then I would explain to you know to um go back and so because that's the right move for them. Like that's the right move.

That's the that's the right thing for them. Um, and so, you know it it would be a shame for us not to be honest and and tell them that like the odds are we're gonna like the odds are we're gonna be pulling stuff out of our rear end on this call without knowing like is this based on anything that you've seen or found? The other thing is right like You know, um, I I didn't say that there was no work like in in this offer. Like I specifically did not say that there was no work in this offer like and so I didn't say it in the offer and I certainly, you know on the slide I said like on the on the slide deck I actually said at the bottom of the of the slide the more effort you put into this the more help and the more help and improve the more help cheesy. You could see no wonder why nobody understood this the more health The more you help.

Oh, no, I did the more you help and improve the efficiency of the creation session. So do it like I emphasize the fact, right? So the reality is is that if they didn't do the work like the you're not the value isn't going to be there for them. And so I would tell them go back do it the right way and then let's reschedule another appointment. You're better off like look, this is too important for you to rush.

It's too important for you to shortcut. It's too important for you to have staff. Right? This is about us putting together an offer that could legitimately change your life. Right?

Especially if it's coupled with a great marketing campaign that leads up to it forget about it, but it's worth you going back and doing it the right way to get the result that I know you want. Is that fair Bob? Yeah, great. Okay. what other questions I have a similar question what if their solution is just not good, like I mean it wouldn't even make sense to Excuse me, everyone.

Yeah. Sure. Yeah, so that's a great question. So like if the solution is just a cluster like it's just a it's just a disaster in other words like it's not it's an ugly solution. I would let them know that it is and I would I would tell them I'd be honest I would say look I you know, I I need before we proceed I would still go on right because here here's the reality.

The reality is is that the work that we do on the proposition could still be used with the attractive solution when they go back and they and they fix it like another words they can still benefit from all the work that we do like I would proceed with the proposition components as if the solution was attractive. But before I did I would let them know that um look, you know based on the criteria based on what it is that you've explained to me and based on what it is that I know about compelling and attractive Solutions. This is a bit off the mark and so what I would strongly encourage you to do Barbara is I would strongly encourage you to take a good hard. Look at your solution probably would encourage you to watch the segment on the attractive solution from the From The Accelerated intensive again, and then I would begin to work on your solution one criteria at a time from that list until you've got a bulk of those a bulk of those that criteria, you know in your in your solution will still go ahead and we'll work on the proposition and the proposition may you know, certainly improve or certainly could improve the results but the real bang for your buck that you're gonna get is when you take the work that we're about to do and you couple it with a new refreshed a tract of solution. And so does that make sense Barbara?

Like that's how I you see what I'm saying. Like that's how I would do it. Yeah, okay. Always when in doubt when you talk to clients, right like one of the things that one of the things that clients really value about us about our team and and our company hours, um is they appreciate the honesty and authenticity? Like I'm not gonna tell somebody something just because it's something that they want to hear right?

Like I've you know, like, you know, um, you know, I'll do it with copy from I do with for everybody like I do it with top one and they're imagine me having to critique copy from John Benson and I'm like man, I got to tell this dude. This is no no bueno. Like right and so I don't care. I don't care not because it's me and not because it's I don't care because right that's in their best interest. I would be doing them a disservice.

If I wasn't honest with them now, I'll I'll make it as palatable as possible. Like right I'm not gonna say this is terrible. You did a terrible job like you should be ashamed yourself. Um, but I will definitely say like I don't you know, I might I'll say it like I don't you know, I really I don't believe that this is this this document the worksheets are really up to par for us to be able to do this right for you. And I really feel like this is too important for you to kind of short, you know shortcut it and and take the kind of, you know, the path of least resistance.

And so what I would encourage you to do if you're willing is I would strongly encourage you to go back and redo it and blah do it the right way and which I'll explain and blah and then reschedule this appointment. You see what I'm saying? Like that's I would be honest with them. Yeah. Yeah always.

Always yeah, I love the question. I love those questions and I love like you know, I love the questions and I hope that you guys really see like, you know, it's it is you know, it's it is what's in their best interest, you know, like and sometimes like look let me just say this, you know, you know sometimes you know There are a lot of things like you might get on here and be like, oh I could tell that the the front part of this campaign is probably a cluster like it's probably a disaster right every time I say cluster. I'm not sure if a d to you're like, what does that mean? Like, what is he talking about is a disaster. It's you know, Paul knows right?

It's it's a clusterf. It's a it's a mess. It's a Anyway, he's leaving another word out of it. I am I I am because I'm I'm not yeah exactly. Thank you Paul.

Um, what was I gonna say? Um, So right but so obviously it would be in their best interest to get the help and the guidance that they that they need for that. However, that's not why I'm mentioning this what to start to get into that other stuff right now is not only well beyond the scope of of this call, but it's really also not in their best interest right now because what is in their best interest is to nail one thing right? Like don't like I would almost say like forget don't even worry. Let's put that off to the side.

Right? We like if somebody says I'm not even sure if the rest of the campaign is good, right and so, you know blah blah. I'm here hoping for I would say let's put that aside for right now. We can certainly Circle back in the end and talk about kind of, you know, if you need additional help with that how we can potentially Do that for you, but for right now, let's take care of this one critically important component. Let's get this nailed right every Journey Begins With the first step every like every building begins with the first brick.

Let's get this first brick taken care of and then we can Circle back and talk about how to get the you know, the the results that you want as well. If somebody doesn't say something like that to you like, oh, you know, even if they don't mention the rest of the campaign, but you can tell through the way that they're explaining things and talking about things and articulating things. Well to me, I would say that you know in the end if you feel it's in their best interest to get some help with it. You don't have to pitch them on E5 a hey, that's not what I'm I'm telling you, but I would certainly say at a bare minimum like do you think it might be valuable and helpful for you? If you really made sure that the rest of your campaign was nailed and Rock Solid now that you've got a rock Sol.

Offered would it be helpful for you? If you have if so then great I'll connect you with a member of our team. They'll explain kind of what we can do for you what your options are and then go and then you can go from there. Like that's it doesn't have to be this crazy whizbang presentation or slick tactic. That's not it's you're talking to another human being.

Hey, do you need help with this? Okay. If so, cool, like if you need you need help with it, then I'll somebody that will reach out keep an eye out for it. They'll be able to explain your options. But I really think Bob that it'd be very wise for you to do that.

Now that you've got this one component nail to make sure that the rest of the campaign was nailed right and then you can choose whether you want to go with it or not. Yeah, Todd. I have a question about that. So like um, how does this? It's a kind of like a two-part question.

It's like first part is like how does this affect everything else that we are doing with E5 and how does it affect their perception of E5 when E5 has all these moving parts and now we're telling them this is the most important part. This is the needle mover. This is the stuff you really should be focusing on. Yeah. Well, so yeah, so that's a great question and I guess now we can we'll segue into kind of a little a little open discussion with you guys.

So, um, it's a great question first. Let me say this. I don't know. I'm not right any any answer that I give you is just gonna be me speculating right because I rolled this offer out, you know a week ago and so I don't know. Um, but I think look I I think you know the to say to somebody you need to like you need to focus on, you know, like you need to make sure that you're giving the offer the focus that it warrants because it's It's the needle mover.

Um, that doesn't mean to the exclusion of everything else. So in other words, right like you can say to somebody like in Fitness like, you know, somebody who's trying to you know, get in shape get muscular whatnot. You could say like look you you need to start to begin to focus on your nutrition, right? Because then that's the game. The game is one or loss based on your protein and carbs and blah blah and all that that doesn't mean to the exclusion of your exercise routine your water.

You're all that's not to say that none of those other things are important. It's to say that like, this is the big difference maker like this is the thing that like if you don't have this right that then the reality is is that you can have everything else nailed and you're gonna suffer right? Like if you're not eating properly, you know, like you're spinning your wheels in the gym, you're you know, you're you're wasting your time. So it's not to say that this is important to the exclusion of all else. It's not to say that It's not to say that you know that with a great offer that nothing else matters.

I will say that everything else becomes easier. Right, everything else becomes easier. Like I said for sure. Um, and so I view this really as um, I've viewed this as and I love to hear your perception if if it's wildly different because again, I rolled this out a week ago, and so But I viewed this as like, um, I viewed this as there is a full kind of system that we teach there is a system of several blocks and several components that all add up together to to produce, you know, a widget right and some people want the to learn the full thing. Some people want to learn the full thing and get coaching and hand holding to learn the full thing.

Some people want and are compelled by one or two pieces of the thing. And so some people might not be interested in a full blown eating five campaign. They might want to see if they can move the needle with um with with their current campaign right with a new revised offer the way we do it as part of any five campaign, like right the sin all this protocol stuff is really, you know from E5 and so I see it as really just giving people an opportunity. To get a taste of what it is that we teach so that ultimately in the end. My hope is that we can let people know like you've got one part of the campaign now, let us show you how to do the other four pieces that you need to really have just a grand slam business.

Does that make sense? Yeah, it makes sense. Is that you and again, there's zero judgment here. We're all in the same team. I'm not like we're we're we just play different roles on the team in the company and so is do you see it as damaging positioning.

um I don't know if I would say damaging I would say it's definitely um a big counter to what we speak or I'll speak for myself. What I generally tell people. Okay, so which is yeah tell me help me to. Explore like break that down for me a little bit. I'll give you an example, right and it is something I actually don't I'm listening.

I can hear my ear. So just I'm listening. So okay, um something that I actually brought up to Michael last week. Is that um there is this school of thought out there in the marketing world right now, whether it's true or false is debatable, but it's definitely out there and it's this school of thought that attention is shrinking and so that's why marketers need new devices like podcast vsls and all of these different on bills and whistles that they need to use because the time it takes to educate them the way we educate them. You know through an E5 campaigns even get them to the offer like that attention span is shrinking right?

Um, and I I heard Andre bring it up to you on that ask me anything. Yeah thing and your response to him was like the Luigi cannelloni thing that you said like if this guy got a letter and this was his name what he what he take the time to read the letter and you know that analogy was spot on but it was also a very extreme example on and also I think the other caveat to that is that a lot of a lot of what we a lot of what we teach people comes from The the like Agora school of thought right? We use them a lot in terms of references and things like that. And I wonder if you don't want a lot of cases our clients don't have offers products and solutions that are like agoras, you know, like right now I'm helping this kid Christian build out a campaign. He shows people how to go from beginner to from intermediate to like Pro level guitar player.

Like is that a desire? Absolutely, but you know, I don't know how many people are like staying up. I told three four clock in the morning to scratch that itch to be able to be sitting there willing to watch an hour long vsl to then sell them a 27 dollar product. Right? Um, and so when when they ask me questions like this, right, my answer is always what I've heard you say and what I've heard Michael say is that the message needs to be as long as it takes to get them to educate them on the unique mechanism.

So that by the time the selling part of the campaign takes place. That part is Superfluous, right? It's easy. It's it's right. And so this though what we're doing here kind of Falls more into that school of thought like Andre was bringing up like look attention short people.

Just want to know what you got. You just have to make you have to show them that you're you're offers Superior to everyone else. So that's just my my I love it man. First of all, let me say this first I love talking to you man. I love I mean, you know, first of all, I love listening to you man, because it just makes me it takes me back makes me feel like I'm talking to one of my boys and so man.

I feel like I just want to go put a tank top on and hang out like right now, um, Um, but so a couple things man, so and look let me say this and let me be crystal clear, right? I don't have all the answers I never have right. I am a student just like you guys I'm just maybe further along but and so I don't have all the answers. I'll tell you what, I believe and feel and why? But um, I need to be clear that.

that that two things one that belief could change. Based on exposure, you know based on seeing something hearing something learning something as well. The right answer could change based on are we talking about the internet marketing world are we talking about, you know, another, you know, the financial space and so again right things evolve my my beliefs and opinions. included that being said so in no particular order. so In no particular order.

I'm just gonna bounce around a little bit. So Um, number one, I don't agree with you know, I don't believe what Andre believes that right, like people don't pay attention people. You know, that that people have a limited people have always had a limited attention span granted right now. There's a greater challenge for that attention. Um, you know, then like what what I believe is more accurate is that it is much more difficult to get people to pay attention right to earn their attention, then it's ever been because of the amount of competition for their attention, but do I I do not agree that that people will not give the time to engage with content and messaging that is important and compelling to them.

There's just no evidence of that. It is true that it is more difficult than ever to get people to pay attention. But Andre's thought process of I just need to put out, you know short videos like is Is is I don't agree with that at all. I also think that there's a there's a premise in there that you know that the Hi, I mean look I would say this that if you're if we're comparing Apples to Apples you got one compelling message like, you know wildly compelling message and you've got another wildly compelling message. I would say and one is five minutes and one is 55 minutes.

Well, I would say I'm probably gonna favor the wildly compelling one. That's five minutes. Right? Like if you're comparing Apples to Apples, but a five minute video just saying well this I'm gonna put out a five minute video. Well five minute video could be terrible a 30 second video could be wildly in concert.

There's a reason why the biggest drop off on videos is in the first 12 seconds. Right lay because it don't take that long for people to decide whether they're they're in or not. So no, I don't agree that there's no more. There's no place for this kind of education based marketing approach. I certainly don't believe that there's zero evidence of that.

Um, but I do believe that it's harder. It's become harder to to get attention. I believe that, you know tools like, you know, look a new format a new format whether it was when the vsl first came out whether it be, you know, when the podcast vsl and you know, there's now three people that each claim that they invented the podcast vsl. I would say that the reason why there's there's value in New in new models for delivering a message because they get attention not because right a podcast vsl is not brief. It's not it's not you know, it's not about brevity.

It's just that the different format is different different gets attention. Right different gets attention better doesn't always get attention. Right and so different gets attention. And so it's all about an attention. It's all about a differentiator.

It's all about a you know, you call it a pattern interrupt if you will. It's just a different way to get attention. So right but a podcast vsl wouldn't work. if if there was this Mass move to brevity in terms of advertising communication and in other words if Andre was right and people don't pay attention to those things anymore than who would be watching a 55 minute, you know podcast vsl. Nobody would but right but you know, there are some podcasts vsls that are absolutely crushing it in our space and in the financial space.

So, uh, there's that. Oh, they're long too. They are there. I mean they're long but you know, you like look man, you know people, you know, people are engaged, you know, like people stay engaged. Look at how long people watch Rogan.

You know, they and listen to Rogan. And so it's not that it what it is is this this is really and this kind of just popped in my head. So, there you go. So education-based marketing is dead. Oh no.

Um, so there's this right. So number one. I believe this. I believe that that there is it's significantly more difficult to get people's attention. And it is significantly more difficult to hold their attention.

Right. So that's not to say that people don't there's a difference between what I'm saying? And this idea that people no longer pay attention. Like people will not give you 50 minutes of their time. That is absolutely not true.

We see long form content being used more now, especially with podcasts and whatnot, um than ever before and so that's absolutely not the case but people will bounce like that. They will they're a mouse click away. Right? And so they will they will they will not you like have to earn their attention their engagement. I should really say at every corner.

That's why you know, like I you know, of course, that's why um, That's why you know when you know like that, that's why the longer you go the more you risk. Right like the more you risk because if it takes 40 minutes to get to the offer, you got to have 40 minutes of content that constantly engages re-engages reap brings them back in open Loops. Nested Loops constantly, you know like these upcoming is this you have to constantly re-engage them. But again the idea that people don't pay attention for longer periods of time is just is just nonsense. the other thing you said something that that is um, so he said something about so doesn't this idea like it is this idea that um, you can come up with a you know, like isn't this pitch like forget all that stuff just come up with a great offer and then you don't need all that stuff.

Like like am I saying now that has Todd bought into this idea that short works. See what's important to understand is this this is nothing to do with short. This has everything to do with the fact that a quality offer can be the star. When you have a dialed offer the offer can be the star when you don't it cannot be the star and you need a big idea and you need everything else, right? So when you don't have an absolutely dialed offer, right like a winning offer the reality is that that can't be the star because it's not good enough to be the star.

and so you need the production, but I want to be clear about this that right that that in an ideal perfect world. Yeah, you would have an offer. That's so ridiculous that I don't need everything else. Right and that's possible but it's not possible to just go with to advertise. Like if I had it like look, you know if we were let's say willing.

To make you know, like E5 like put, you know do a like look you pay nothing today go through the entire program you either get you either make an additional $10,000 in the first 90 days or I'm going to you pay nothing and I'm gonna give you a thousand dollars and we're gonna Implement everything for you in your business. Right. Let me say this again, right you enroll in E5 you pay nothing today. We're gonna implement this entire system in your business. We're gonna do all of the work and you either get 10 grand at the end of the first your first 10 grand at the end of 90 days or you pay nothing and I send you a check for a thousand dollars.

If I was willing to make that offer, you better believe that I'm advertising that offer and I'm not going with I don't need a big idea. I don't need a unique mechanism. I don't need a campaign argument. I don't need any of that. Right because right I don't the because the offer is good is so good that it makes a prospect say without even knowing right?

Like of course, you're gonna have to have some marketing of course, right? But without knowing it like why wouldn't I do that? I don't understand why wouldn't I do that if I'm a business owner, right? Like why wouldn't I do that when people come to me no name media buyers, we get approached by media buyers constantly, like right like the best of the best. All right, and most of them will come with the same, you know, the same stick the same feel they'll come with the you know, like it's a $10,000 retainer per month.

Plus we get a percentage of AD spend and then I'm like, that's the same offer that everybody else has made. So unless you like listen and listen to me Paul, right? It's the same offer that everybody else has made. So unless you can prove to me that you've got a whizbang method and process right that they don't and you can prove to me why your method and process this new Wiz bang method and process is far superior to theirs like you got the same offer everybody else does but when people come along when media buyers some not all come along and they say, you know, Todd I'm will I'm gonna pay for the traffic right? I'm gonna drive leads I'm gonna drive sales for you and I only want to get paid 10% of sales and if we don't generate sales we get paid nothing.

We'll follow your rules. We'll follow your your guidelines and we'll take all the risk. You know what I say. Well, why wouldn't I do that? Why would I do that?

I don't I don't why wouldn't I do that? I don't care you could use the same method everybody else does I don't I don't care. Let's often willing to put it to the test because I risk nothing. I have no work. It's super easy for me.

Right like super easy for me. I have no work. I risk. Nothing right doesn't doesn't take sweat off my back. I'm only paying you based on new money that you you get me.

Why wouldn't I do it? But when they bring the same offer as everybody else then I'm always like well tell me what makes your method special then like you're promising me that you're you're offering me the same thing. You're proposing the same deal that everybody else does so what's special about what you do? Come see the difference? Yeah.

So so, you know what, I mean like so this is all about like context it's not about brevity. It's about what has to be the star when you have an average offer which the overwhelming majority of people do. Let me say this, you know, the interesting thing was I chuckled about this right so, you know Alex, you know hermosi, you know released his book the book sold. I believe it's over 30,000 copies, right? So for all intensive purposes, the book is you know is a home run out of the gate 90 cents or something like that.

I think he sold it for right a home run. I it could be over 40,000 at this point and I wouldn't be surprised if it is. And he did it. He did a good job of laying out the necessity of everything, you know of a reasonably good offer in there, right? Now look at our Marketplace and look to see how many people actually followed his advice.

Right how many people change their offer? Not many people actually, right maybe three, you know what I mean? Like I've seen, you know, maybe three that I've seen doesn't mean that there's not more that I haven't seen maybe three. You know, but did it change the entire Marketplace is everybody? No, the sad fact is that when you have an average right when you're not willing to do a soft offer when you're not willing to do a conditional performance-based guarantee when your solution isn't, you know, wildly attractive then yeah, you can't rest a bank on the offer.

You have to bank on the explanation of what makes the method different but when the offer is brain dead simple to see why you should say. Yes, you don't Cloud that out with everything else you let the offer shine. Is that answer so you see what I'm saying? So it's it's not it's why you know, like look we do the best we can I've done the best that I've can I can with what I believe is the right approach to kind of boil marketing down to you know a bit of A bit as much science as possible, right? Of course, there's always art, you know science and art in there.

Right? But the reality really is is that there is a lot more complexity and Nuance because of in this Marketplace, they've been exposed to this they're highly sophisticated. They've seen this is what the common offers are in this marketplace. Right like the like in the I am space the likelihood of you coming along and trying to compete and win on marketing is Slim in the physical therapy Arena, right the there's a much greater likelihood that a great great marketing campaign can win because it does right like it's unbelievable. You know what I mean?

It's unbelievable when I look at you know, so we've got you know, um, Dr. Glenn in top one. So Dr. Glenn, right? So to give you perspective Dr.

Glenn is hosting a conference, you know an annual conference. Just give you perspective. He they Bank over a million dollars from the conference in sponsorship alone. Okay? The marketing that he does is virtually is like my daughter could do it.

And then I look at what we need to do in let's say this company and well, it's a wildly different game we take what Dr. Glenn does and we bring it over here and we're gonna be laughed out of the industry, right we take, you know, even a bit of our marketing and and copy and offer creation and we bring it over to Dr. Glenn and it's like an eruption of Joy. Yeah, right, like it's unheard of you know what I mean? Like it's unheard of and that's why like we just we've been working on a project with Dr.

Glenn. We're like, you know, like we were like, you know, like we doubled we doubled the price of his offer and we're selling we're we're outpacing what it is that they sold last year like crazy right just with and with nothing special with just some email campaigns and follow up and deadlines and super early birds and early birds and blah, you know what I mean? And so the point is right that that there is a lot more nuance and complexity if you and I were chatting and we were really talking about Launching another business bubble, but there's a lot more complexity in Nuance. We've done the best we can and so it might seem like I'm saying You know these things aren't important. They're not as they're not important.

When you have a winning offer when you don't which is what the majority of people have then these things are wildly important. Yeah, okay. Right, like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, and so the other thing is so just for what it's worth. So you mentioned guitar so we had for a couple years up until I think last year we had some guys in Top one.

They left top one. Wisely, actually, they left top one to begin working with role in Fraser. They didn't need any more marketing, right? They didn't need any more marketing help. They left top one to go work with role and Fraser to sell their business because they reached about 30 million a year in guitar lessons.

And So guitar Mastery if you know those guys, yeah, and so so the point is right that you know, just for that for what it's worth. So it certainly can be done in that Marketplace for what it's worth. Cool. Um, yeah, we actually um, he had them listed as some of his competitors. Yeah.

Yeah. So we analyzed their campaigns and a lot of them like like they're making their offer. I mean now again his offer that we're probably looking at is probably the fourth or fifth iteration of that wolf. I'm sure it is those guys were like I said, we I mean they were pretty successful, you know, they were doing a few million dollars a year when they came to us, I believe already. Um, so, you know, they and they kind of, you know, grew up in the industry like there.

That's a great example to me really of um, Of I I believe even though Charlie was you know, it's like a rock star like travels around performing and and all this at the start. He was a marketer like he was a marketer and he was eating and sleeping and you know in the business doing marketing so these guys have chops, right? And so the other thing is that um, and this is all so like Nuance, right? So you got to be careful when you look at like you look at what went you got to be careful when let's say launching a business and attempting to model what other successful people are doing because I can tell you a couple things. Number one those guys have a deep back end and ultimately at least the last time we chatted when they moved over to Roland they were really looking to just um inflate their membership.

Numbers so they didn't really need more marketing help from us. They just wanted to start to kind of funnel everybody over to their membership because they want it. They wanted to inflate the numbers so that it their their valuation went went up and so see that's why like right from an outsider's perspective if you were a startup and you're looking at them you might say dang. We need to have a membership. We need to price things at 27 bucks or whatever it is.

But if we didn't understand the strategy behind what it is that they're trying to do we could end up doing something similar and not realizing like we're not we're not the other thing is that I would say, right like what I would say is that and look in in the guitar space. Now, there are two actually in the guitar space both were um top one members another kid Jonathan forget his last name. Well exactly boy, so he was in top one. Um, he was and he was the he was the Marketing director for like an MLM company and so he was in top one as the marketing director for this MLM company for years. And so like now you've got you got two guys two people that are skilled marketers, right like and so if I was talking to another dude who was trying to get into who's just kind of fairly new to this world, like you're not gonna beat them based on marketing.

You're not going to beat them based on marketing like so if you think that you're going to take over the space by having better marketing than those guys the likelihood is Slim and so I would look for a different Advantage. I'd be looking at their offers and I would just be crushing them doesn't mean that I wouldn't have education campaigns and blah but I know today like in and maybe this is top of mind for me because we happen to be for this company. We happen to be in a very saturated market like saturated and wildly competitive and so in a saturated and wildly competitive market the the offer becomes that much more important when you're in a market that's not wildly competitive or saturated you can get away with great marketing because there's not a whole lot of other offers that you're competing with, right. So for Dr. Glenn, there's not a whole lot of other offers that he's competing with so it's the the barometer is you know, it's like he's competing with like two other guys, you know what I mean?

Like we're competing with 62 other guys, and so right all eating sleeping and breathing marketing right a lot more than I am today. Like these are guys that are just they're like jacked about hustling for you know, 16 hours a day and I'm like, I hustle and for 16 hours a day anymore, you know what I mean? And so does that make sense all that? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, so tell me I want to have you know, and I I want to try to keep this as brief as possible for for you guys.

I don't want to make this an all day Affair but Is there anything else on your mind anything else that you want to want to talk about Michael? I don't know if you want to kind of spearhead. Is there anything that like is there you know anything is there is there something that you see like a massive Gap in how we can better help people massive got like share with me. I'm I want this to be an open form. There's no judgment.

There's no zero ego, obviously. yeah, actually Paul had a pretty lengthy discussion the other day and Paul if you wouldn't mind just Some that up for Todd. That's what we spoke about. Yeah. So, um, I think I had mentioned this to you and Damien a while back about this idea that like I feel like us trying to teach marketing to the everyday business owner.

is a much bigger uphill battle Than instead teaching it to marketers who can then go get paid to install this in those people's businesses. Yeah, so let me cut you off for one second. So you're talking about some sort of certification. Along those lines. Yeah.

Yeah, so I'll say it again. I know that right like obviously I've got a you know, a ton of things on my plate. I'm interested. I agree with you. I have said that for years that I think that we should have a like we should have a a legit certification a legit membership for people where we not only teach them this system, but we teach them how to get clients.

We equip them with offers to go like to do campaign funnel, you know, dissections and whatnot. And so um, I am totally in agreement with you. I would love to do that. I would love to partner with you on doing something like that. Um, We could have a separate entity from right like, you know, just have a separate entity and partner very similar to like the E5 agency with John molre does like John that's a separate entity from this business.

It's a separate business with separate Financial separate accounts separate profit distribution all of that, um that he ultimately runs, you know, I serve almost more of as a consultant role to John but I would certainly be down to um explore that if you are really serious about that, I would be more than down to to go through that and I agree with you. I think that the big catch is is this you know is so there's a lot of nuance to that offer right because to some extent, you know, it's to some extent it's a little bit of a bizop offer not the traditional, you know icky Biza but it really is a you know, a bizop thing. The thing to really recognize is to kind of get your wheel spinning. And I mean it I would totally partner with you partner like partner partner with you not like, you know. but um The size of the universe of when you're marketing.

marketing to marketers is very small. Right, like in other words most you know is is very small most business owners. Most entrepreneurs are not like us they do not love marketing. They do not love reading about it. They do not love doing it.

They look at it as more of a necessary evil. So coaches Consultants most of them do not love marketing, right they do it because they know they need to do it. And so the space of people that are um, you know like that love marketing. Is not a big universe by any stretch of the imagination. It's it's a space but it's not it's not a large space.

I share that only in that, you know, I would do I would do a certification. What I'm interested in is not a digital marketer certification where you take a course and you get a little thing at the end but a legit, um, where we have a directory of people that are certified we I would almost even consider advertising to get clients for our certified, you know people I would teach the people I would teach folks exactly how to conduct. Let's say one day intensives we would give them the materials to do the one day intensives to implement like um, and there would be like an annual fee to remain a certified consultant and and whatnot retainer like a legit full-blown certification. And so I'm I'm absolutely with you. I just see that as I would do that.

As a separate entity separate from you know, the core the core business The Core Business would still like the way that it works with. John which is the same way that it would work with the certification is basically the E5 agency pays us a commission when we send over somebody to them. So right if I send somebody over like a tiny little insignificant commission, but nevertheless just so that right like it's it's not like it's not fair. It's not an accurate representation that that the agency is shining and and soaring if they weren't paying a commission because we're paying all the acquisition costs for all these people they're not and so I would do the same thing. So we would leverage our tribe leverage our list.

And so if you're serious about that, we would I'm down to set up another call for me. You and Damian I'm traveling a little bit next week with Damien. I'm doing of all things just as a side note of all things. I'm doing a midnight boar hunt. With Damien and I'm not a hunter and so at night with infrared like infrared scopes and whatnot.

So, I'm sure next week. I'm gonna have some insane b-roll footage is that I is that the one where they they involve the dogs are their dogs involved in this? I I don't know man. I'm some more terrified of this of this, you know, but I'm sure man I'm gonna you know, I'm sure we're gonna be in camo and night gear. I don't know.

I think we have this this we're on this Ranch and we we ended up like we have the whole Ranch to ourselves with this guide and I guess because these bore I guess I don't know Day means all into this these bore are what do you call they're like an invasive species so that hair up the farms and all that and so they like have to, you know, kill them in order and of course, then we're gonna be bringing home the pork. I'm sure Damian's gonna be taking the majority of it. But yeah, I don't know. I've never you know, I've hunted once in my life with another buddy of mine and it's not really my thing. But yeah midnight for hunting anyway.

share that only because You think about it? And if you want when I get back, I'll set up another call with me you Damian Michael you're certainly more than willing to you know to join us on there for that, but I'm down to talk about it. Cool, man. Sounds good. Yeah, okay.

What else anything else? Um, yeah along those lines with our existing clientele the ones that our business owners. and that you know are not marketers. Yeah, we Paul and I and nadida, you know have from time to time expressed frustrations with just um with I guess the there what they really want is not what we're delivering. To them so much so for they want more customers and that's not going to happen that rarely I'm you know, one or two percent of the time perhaps it does as far as we know maybe they leave and take what we teach them and they have great results.

We don't know. But it's that. especially along the lines of like media buying you know when you set up like a single ad for with a single audience for a single minimum viable funnel and it's like like Paul says you take in all your chips and put them on a single number at the roulette table, basically, and and so That if you want to add anything to that all yeah, let me chime in on that for one. Okay, one second before you do and so I just because I just for clarity purposes and so is that more of Of positioning like in terms of how E5 AA is being positioned to these people in other words when they're investing in e5a or are you saying that they're coming in and they know what it is that you know, what what it is that we do, but they are that's not what they really want. The reason why I'm asking that is because one of the battles that I've personally had with, you know sales right and you know, you know the sales department if you will, um is the promise that I would make for somebody and I've said this I've this has been a battle for me with them.

and Damian the who's fully supportive but is right that by the end of your time you will have a campaign done. That you can then take and begin to drive traffic to. Right. So another words ultimately. We are in the campaign creation business.

Ultimately what we like to say like we kind of right evolved with this new like we are in the campaign co-creation business rather than you have to go and do it all on your own and learn right like this campaign is going to be co-created and it's gonna be co-created the right way with oversight by an expert and when you're done at the end of this program, you are gonna have a complete campaign that you can then take and go drive traffic to you can take this campaign and go use it to grow your business. Okay, so good. Yeah. So um, I'll answer your question right about the positioning or if it's what they really want. So it's really a mixture of both the positioning aspect.

If they're coming in through a salesperson, as you know, Todd just yeah, each of the beasts with sales is there's only be that little bit of gap between what they what they're supposed to promise and what they do promise. That's just you know, that's just the nature of the Beast. How big? How wide that Gap goes, you know varies from person to person and then you know, okay. So with that being said even with a campaign where they have a camp where they get what we what they're supposed to get which is a fun completed campaign that they can then drive traffic to to get sales.

Okay the mvf process. Essentially that's part of this process. and US expecting them. To be able to run traffic on their own to validate that mvf in my opinion is a recipe for disaster because um, you know, like when I was in AA, you know, I already had my business and I had my media buyers. I was like kind of shocked I was like, wow, they're these people are gonna like now go run their own traffic like I've tried to do that on my own and I could never get it to work.

I always screwed it up in some capacity and you know, and then this idea of life and one audience one campaign. It's like what if that's the wrong campaign. What if it's the wrong audience you're starting with what if it's the wrong creative. What if it's the wrong messaging? What if it's the wrong copy?

What if it's the wrong hook? Like there's all these different variables that come into play. I mean media buying is an art and Science in and of itself, you know what I mean? And so I think that that component of the process is Flawed I think expecting people to be able to run their own traffic to validate the mvf. Sets them up for failure and then also sets them up to come back to us to potentially say look you you help me build a campaign that doesn't work and yet you don't really even know that because the way the traffic is being around God totally makes sense.

So what would you see as and I love this and I so appreciate you guys taking the time to share this right? This is how we improve everything and you know, and and you sir, I'm not married to anything ever right? I'm married to getting people results. That's what I'm married to not not anything else. And so what would you what would you guys see as up a possible fix for that?

Like just let me go for an extreme example, let's just do a little Blue Sky Thinking with no constraints right now. So The ideal solution. It sounds like based on what it is that you just said Paul would be that that we actually set up whether it's the agency. We we set up their first traffic campaign and we run the traffic for them. Yeah, yes, okay.

Okay, and so let's say hypothetically. Um, that was we we implemented that okay, like let's just say that we implemented that what else like me I'm now asking you to go on to what else do you feel like is a big you know, so So like what else let's go on to the next because you gave me enough to be able to now go to Damien and and speak to him about like potential fixes for this. And so, you know, Michael you had said That you had said, you know one two percent of people leave and they're able to get they're able to get clients and I want a little Clarity on that so that I understand exactly what you're saying. Correct me if I'm mistake and but you're not saying that the campaign at the end isn't good. You're saying that they lack the ability to then go drive the right traffic to get buyers.

I'm saying they They are even we don't know if the campaign is good. We've done everything the way we followed the E5 checklist. We've done everything correctly. But as you know, okay, there's a lot of subjectivity to that. We still don't we still haven't validated the minimum viable message yet.

Got it. Right and that's that's expensive and that takes time. Yeah, and this is where yeah, no totally makes sense. This is where you know, and and by the way, you guys are so Savvy like I've had many so many more discussions than I care to admit with Damian and Chris and Teddy on this exact topic, right? And Teddy is really Teddy is much more in you know in your on your side if you will not be much more in your your territory in that so Help let me vent for one second.

Uh, and you guys share with me kind of how you would see it or or address it so, you know the When I said earlier that like we are in the campaign creation or co-creation business right that you know, I didn't say we're in the customer generating business, right? We're we're not like we're in the in the campaign creation business. You want a campaign Creator co-created you want to campaign done the right way, right? You have one of two choices you either learning five and then through the master class and do it yourself or you come into E5 AA and it's gonna be co-created with a pro. What I didn't say was again that I'm not talking about like this is you're gonna get x amount of customers you're gonna get x amount of visitors or anything like that.

My stance and the reason why I kind of leaned in that. In that into that kind of positioning if you will is because everything that you guys have said specifically you Paul about media buying is spot on and right. Like I really didn't even want to get into the media buying side of things. Um, because it is a whole different ball game. And so, you know the the it's in my mind.

It was very similar to somewhat to when you know. If I wanted an email sequence created but I go to somebody and that they would create it or let's say if there was a co-creation of email sequences created and they turned out that email sequence over to us and then we do with it what it is that we wanted to to do with it. They don't get into anything else besides the creation of that of that sequence. And so so that's kind of my you know, my stance is right like because the reality is is Media buying like you said Paul in and of itself is is an art and a science and I would say even more so than campaign creation is Media buying is so much more complex that right. The reality is is that um media buying to get it to work could take time.

That's not what we do. Right, like in other words, that's not what we do. And so I just want to be you know, I want to be careful right in starting to get into like right like we're gonna do a campaign beginning to end the right way to E5 method you're gonna have the done campaign in the end that you can then take and go use to grow your business doesn't mean necessarily right? Like we're not going to talk about traffic. It doesn't mean we're gonna get into should you be using YouTube or Google or Facebook or should you stay off a Facebook or or anything like that?

Because that in and of itself is a you know, is it different? Department is a different Endeavor to differently it's a different. It's a different world. It's not it's not you know, it's media buying right. So now this becomes a it almost can become this, you know program where it's partially one thing and partially something else right and I want to be very sensitive.

I've always been very sensitive to I want to remain in my wheelhouse. Right, like he thought the E5 method is a campaign creation method. It's not a media buying methodology. It's not a right. And so it almost makes me wonder just to continue rambling for a second.

If the you know, if the mvf process is really what should be removed or merely taught at the end, um rather than a requirement middle of the program, right so that because ultimately at the end it's kind of like look I'm gonna we're gonna co-create a campaign together. I'm gonna give you that campaign and then right and you can feel good knowing that this campaign has all the core elements of a rock solid campaign right for people that you don't even know. They don't know what to say to open the campaign how to position their thing anything about that you're gonna have a done campaign in the end and then it's gonna be yours and you can take it and do with it what you want. That's my thinking. Well, I I submit that you.

you probably don't know if you have a good offer right now or not, because and and Paul and Adida would probably back me up with this but I would say I'm vast majority of our clients. When they start waking with this and when they realize that oh wait, you're not doing everything. We're not going the whole distance. All I get is the campaign. That's it's almost like it's a surprise to them most of the time and it's like I don't know what is is said during the sales call because I think that's when they actual offers presented.

Correct is during that all yes. Yeah, so they're they're surprised that what they've paid for is just copy. you know and you know set you up with a with the funnel and make sure that's all set up and then We back away slowly and then that's up to them to. Go through the minimum viable funnel, which I guess is just E3 at that point. Right, right.

So, um when we say, you know, we have a campaign grade. It's what do we actually mean? Is it the first version the testable version, you know that I can. Turn into a funnel and then test whether works or not. It's like we'll see you know, they'll see we don't see or do we make sure that we take them through some sort of?

You know test that I don't know. I mean we want to know if they succeed we do sure. Of course, they're right. We're here to deliver results more above and above and beyond anything else. We're here to make sure that they they experience that they that they get results.

And so so you're absolutely right. Okay, I'll see two things real quick. So, um, the first thing is that I totally agree with you about. Staying in your wheelhouse that type of thinking and that's one of the things that prompted me to have that idea about speaking to marketers take out of the equation what you said about the market size. But before you told me that was that that would come that would take us out of the media buying equation because they would then go deal with that when they go get their own clients and they would have to figure that out with their clients when they're using the E5 framework to help their clients, right but going back to what they expect right?

It's kind of like all the stuff that we've been talking about. It's like when people come in what are they really want? Do they want a campaign? Do they want like a piece of paper? Well, do they want customers?

They're every day they're coming in and they're gonna get something that generates customers day in and day out for them. Now. Is this something that they could take and implement? And take a certain set of steps to make that happen. Absolutely.

I'm proof of that. I've done it. There's you have countless people that have done it. But in terms of that done for you done with you experience. where the mvf testing where how we validate whether or not the campaign works or not involves a certain set of steps that they're not qualified to do and where probably not Are qualified or have the capacity to do the right way at this point?

So it's just something that really needs to be thought about I think. Very interesting, okay. Good. I'm sorry. You know from so I think maybe it doesn't have to be marketers per se for example right now.

I'm working with a client. who I ask for about you know, what she's gonna do with the campaign once she has once they have it and they actually have people and they're not marketers, but they have people For example, they have AdWords guy. They have you know, they work with somebody is running out for them on whatever and that was a relief for me. To know they you know, they have not they have options once they have this and the mvf. You know, so maybe in terms of targeting who we target who?

doesn't need to be for us to deliver them results. they expect you know. For them to be successful, so maybe not necessarily marketers, but people who already have dealt with media buying the maybe higher agencies or whatever, you know, things like that. Yeah. Well, I mean right you said like Barbara Decker is killing it right right now with either campaign.

She's got a media buyer. She has all of that stuff figured out, right? Yeah, yeah. So very this is very helpful. And so I appreciate it.

So just a couple more questions and then I promise I'll let you guys go. Um, so um So I want to go back and somewhat unrelated question. So Paul to regarding the certification so and to address edita what you just said and what Paul said so for what it's worth. I I would see. I would see the certification not necessarily replacing e5a right like another words.

It is a different. It's you know for the marketers that want to be certified and and have that kind of business, you know business model, and so it wouldn't necessarily replace or eliminate E5 AA. It would we would we would fix E5 a improve it whatever do what we've got to do. That would be its own its own opportunity if you will, but just as it relates to that Paul, so if we had a certification so then what it almost would sound like if we trained if we certified folks on the E5 method and we equipped them to get clients and how to do funnel, you know analysis and dissection and all this kind of stuff that we're then putting them in the same position that we're now in with E5 AA in that what they can deliver to somebody is the, you know, help them with the E5 campaign and so where and when does media get addressed even through the certification well, I think that they they could possibly the difference I think is that people that we might train might have like a small boutique type of agency where they're working with a couple of clients whereas so they have the capacity to maybe either form relationships with media buyers. or Somehow get that sorted out whereas we are dealing with large numbers of people that are coming in God.

Okay, and and the difference too is that again? Those would be People that have more of a marketing Acumen as opposed to like these everyday business owners that come in that like, you know, I mean, I can't some of the ones that I've helped. I mean, you know, some of them are more marketing savvy than others like, you know, Christian the guitar kid is actually she probably more through this whole thing. He's more savvy than some of the guys these experts I see in these Facebook groups claiming to be experts just because of what he went through in in a but a lot of them just you know, they're just they don't want to be marketers and they don't and they and they just It's just a really it's a big uphill battle for them. But to answer your question.

Um, yeah, you know, they could be faced with the same problem, but that would be their choice as to what business they want to go into. Right, like you just said before we're not in that business, right you've made that decision or or you know, what business you're in that's up to them. They who knows they could be in another they could be in Justin Brooks certification program to getting certified and learning how to run media. You know what I mean? Yeah.

Okay. Okay. This has been really really helpful. Are you guys comfortable if I share the recording of this with Damien? Yeah, absolutely.

Sure. Okay, that would be awesome. I appreciate that. Um, if you think of anything else that you didn't get the opportunity to share please slack me always no matter what time it is no matter what day it is. No matter when it is I love hearing from you guys.

I so appreciate and value your perspective your experience what it is that you guys are doing and so my doors always open for all three of you guys. Um, And so give me the opportunity to kind of digest I'm probably gonna watch this portion of the recording again. I'll pass it along to Damien and then and we'll go from there and Paul. Certainly you let me know. If you want to schedule another call when I get back totally down to do that.

What I will do is I will put that document that I covered up on a Google a Google Google doc. Is that cool Michael and then um, you can let me know if there's anything else that you need in slack in the channel. I'll post all the links the slide deck and and whatnot for you guys. And then whatever you need you let me know. Okay.

Okay. Awesome. That'll work. Beautiful. I appreciate you guys hanging with me and and listening and paying attention and being so engaged as always it goes without saying it's an honor for me to get to work with you guys be on the team with you guys.

And so thank you having an amazing day amazing weekend. I'll post the stuff in in a little bit and we'll go from there. So cool. Yeah. All right.

Thank you guys all
